<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1840317_0001193125-23-103855.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5473507</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>591096</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1159443</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1277071</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1201208</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1118120</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-103855.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417172223
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-103855
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Plum Acquisition Corp. I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001840317
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40218
		FILM NUMBER:		23824813

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 FILLMORE ST. #2089
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO,
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94115
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 683-6773

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 FILLMORE ST. #2089
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO,
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-103855.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 d485721d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended
 , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from 

to 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

 incorporation or organization)

(Commission

 File Number)

(I.R.S. Employer

 Identification Number)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Not Applicable 

 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class:

Trading

 Symbol:

Name of Each Exchange

 on Which Registered:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T( 
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a 
non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2of
 the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule12b-2of
 the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common equity
 held by non-affiliates
 of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrants most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately (based on the closing sales price of the ordinary shares on June 30, 2022 of 9.71) 
 As of April 1 7
, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B ordinary shares ), were issued and outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

CERTAIN TERMS 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

iii 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

iv 

PART I 

1 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

16 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

39 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

39 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

39 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

39 

PART II 

40 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

40 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data. 

41 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

41 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

43 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

43 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

44 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

44 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

44 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

45 

PART III 

46 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers 

46 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

52 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and management and Related Shareholder Matters 

53 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

53 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

54 

PART IV 

56 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

56 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

56 

i 

Table of Contents 

CERTAIN TERMS Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

combination period means the period following the completion of our initial public offering at the end of which, if we have not completed our initial business combination, we will redeem 100 of the public shares at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and certain conditions and as further described herein. The combination period ends June 18, 2023, or up to nine additional months from that date, if extended by our Board, pursuant to our amended and restated articles of association; 

amended and restated memorandum and article of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that the company adopted prior to the consummation of the initial public offering, as further amended March 15, 2023; 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

council members are to members of our Leadership Council; 

directors are to our current directors; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our Sponsor in a private placement prior to the initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares 

initial shareholders are to all our shareholders immediately prior to the date of this report, including all our officers, Industry Advisors and directors to the extent they hold ordinary shares; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our Sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units; 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our Sponsor and management team to the extent our Sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares 

senior advisors are to members of our senior advisory team; 

sponsor are to Plum Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent that they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees; and 

we, us, our, company or our company are to Plum Acquisition Corp. I, a Cayman Islands exempted company. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination and continue as a going concern; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance following our initial public offering. The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurances that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We may not be able to complete the Business Combination (as defined below) pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement (as defined below). If we are unable to do so, we will incur substantial costs associated with withdrawing from the transaction and may not be able to find additional sources of financing to cover those costs. 

We have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Past performance by our management team or our Industry Advisors or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 27 months after the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Certain of our officers and directors have direct and indirect economic interests in us and/or our Sponsor after the consummation of the initial public offering and such interests may potentially conflict with those of our public shareholders as we evaluate and decide whether to recommend a potential business combination to our public shareholders. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, executive officers, Industry Advisors, directors, or their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants and subsequent financings not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 27 months following the closing of this the IPO (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity to continue operating, including our ability to raise additional capital and take measures to conserve liquidity and our proximity to our liquidation date expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 iv 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business Our Company Plum Acquisition Corp. I (the Company or Plum is a blank check company, incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. Ursula Burns, Kanishka Roy and Mike Dinsdale established Plum with the mission of creating a platform, built by operators for operators, to enable great private companies to become outstanding public companies and listed stocks. We believe there is an opportunity to create replicable infrastructure to launch multiple SPACs, featuring different members of our large extended team over time. We seek to establish ourselves as the first-stop SPAC platform for high-quality companies in the US and Europe that can benefit from our large 48-person extended team, our decades of operational experience leading technology companies, our direct access to Fortune-500 company partnerships, help with internationalization, and our proprietary Accelerating Through the Bell operational playbook that helps companies list and grow in the public markets. Our platform is also aligned with the incentives and outcome of investors as we are funding all our risk capital internally as a sign of confidence and commitment to a successful outcome. We have founded, led, advised, and invested in companies that have invented entire sectors, scaled to become market leaders, and delivered exceptional returns for investors. Through these experiences, we have developed a deep respect for leaders of rapidly scaling technology companies. As a result, we are motivated by a passion for working to maximize the value of their exemplary private companies as they transition to the public markets. We believe the broad and diversified experience of our founders equips us to add significant value to our partner company. Ms. Burns has extensive international experience leading large companies confronting massive technology change in their industries. Ms. Burns most recently served as Chairman and CEO of VEON Ltd. Previously, Ms. Burns was the CEO of Xerox and the first African American woman to lead an S P 500 company and has considerable experience partnering with small and large companies, both public and Pre-IPO, through her substantial board service. Mr. Roy is a technology and finance veteran with over 20 years of experience as a technology investment banker, public company executive, and growth investor. At Morgan Stanley, Mr. Roy was the Global Head of Tech M A Origination, helping to initiate and execute industry defining mergers. Most recently, Mr. Roy was Global CFO at SmartNews, a high-growth multibillion dollar private AI company with over 20 million monthly active users. Mr. Dinsdale has defined the modern unicorn CFO for over 20 years, with strategic expertise in building high growth international companies in Consumer and B2B SaaS. Most recently, Mr. Dinsdale was the CFO for Gusto, a leader in SMB payroll and human resources software. Prior to that, Mr. Dinsdale was CFO of two generational, market-leading software companies in DoorDash and DocuSign. We believe that the combined experience of our team and our differentiated long-term strategy positions us as an optimal partner for companies seeking to access the public markets. Plum is focused on investments that relate directly to the experience of its team. We seek to partner with a scaled, high-quality company that leverages platform models in the enterprise software, SMB software and infrastructure, or disruptive marketplace models in verticals where we have extensive expertise, such as business automation, health and wellbeing, fintech and insuretech. We will seek to identify businesses with distinct Machine Learning and AI-driven advantages to create new markets and disrupt existing ones to drive outsized market share and investor returns. We intend to focus on investment opportunities with sustainable and predictable top-line growth, recurring revenue dynamics, network effects or aggregator dynamics, compelling unit economics, and brand. We expect to align investors with a visionary management team to support long-term value creation. Recent Developments Proposed Business Combination (the Business Combination On March 2, 2023, Plum entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among Plum, Sakuu Corporation, a Delaware corporation Sakuu ), Plum SPAC 1 Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Plum Merger Sub I ), and Plum SPACE 2 Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Plum Merger Sub II ). The Business Combination Agreement provides that (a) on the day of the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing ), Plum will change its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering and transferring by way of continuation as a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware Domestication ), change its name to Sakuu Holdings, Inc. , and amend its governing documents to become the Post-Closing Certificate of Incorporation and Post-Closing Bylaws (as such terms are defined in the Business Combination Agreement), (b) following the Domestication and upon the filing of the Certificate of First Merger (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), Merger Sub I will merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Plum First Merger ), and (c) immediately following the First Merger and upon the filing of the Certificate of Second Merger (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), the Company will merge with and into Merger Sub II, with Merger Sub II surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Plum Second Merger ). The Business Combination is subject to customary closing conditions, including the satisfaction of the minimum available cash condition, the receipt of certain governmental approvals and the required approval by the stockholders of Plum and Sakuu. There is no assurance that the Business Combination will be completed. Subject to, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, on the day of Closing each Plum Class A ordinary share and Plum Class B ordinary share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Domestication shall, by virtue of the Domestication, be automatically converted on a one-for-one basis into a share of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Plum New Plum Common Shares ). 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Subject to, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, Sakuu s equity holders will receive a number of shares of Common Stock (or rights to acquire such Common Stock) of Plum in the aggregate equal to 600,000,000.00 plus the aggregate exercise prices of Sakuu s options and warrants, divided by 10.00. Extraordinary General Meeting On March 15, 2023, Plum held an Extraordinary General Meeting of its Shareholders (1) to amend Plum s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Articles to extend the date (the Termination Date by which Plum has to consummate a business combination (the Articles Extension from March 18, 2023 (the Original Termination Date to June 18, 2023 (the Articles Extension Date and to allow Plum, without another shareholder vote, to elect to extend the Termination Date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis for up to nine times by an additional one month each time after the Articles Extension Date, by resolution of Plum s board of directors if requested by the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable Termination Date, until March 18, 2024, or a total of up to twelve months after the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of Plum s initial business combination shall have occurred prior to such date (the Extension Amendment Proposal and (2) to amend the Articles to eliminate from the Articles the limitation that Plum may not redeem Class A ordinary shares to the extent that such redemption would result in Plum having net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of less than 5,000,001 (the Redemption Limitation in order to allow Plum to redeem Public Shares irrespective of whether such redemption would exceed the Redemption Limitation (the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal ). The shareholders of Plum approved the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal at the Shareholder Meeting and on March 15, 2023, Plum filed the amendment to the Articles with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands. In connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, the holders of 26,693,416 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of 10.23 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of 273,112,311.62. Our Values We will seek to acquire an asset with the most promising potential for returns and enhance those returns with concerted support from our team of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion DEI experts. We believe there is a powerful, positive correlation between DEI efforts and value creation. For example, a 2018 report by McKinsey examined trends in the impact of diversity on financial performance and found that [t]he statistically significant correlation between a more diverse leadership team and financial outperformance continues to hold true The penalty for bottom-quartile for diversity persists Not only were [these companies] not leading, they were lagging. As such, we are committed to leveraging our team and networks to help our future partner company hire diverse candidates for their management team and board and to help further develop an inclusive and equitable workplace. We also are undertaking a 2 and 20 pledge. Our Sponsor intends to donate interests in our Sponsor equivalent to an aggregate of 105,000 founder shares to DEI related causes following the consummation of our initial business combination. We also commit to filling at least 20 of our board seats with candidates who bring gender, racial and/or ethnic diversity. We currently exceed this threshold with 60 diverse board members. We believe that our DEI strategy, along with our 2 and 20 pledge, will be highly appealing to market-leading companies across all sectors that prioritize attracting and retaining the best talent and standing out for thought leadership in the market. All of Plum s risk capital comes from its management team, board, and Leadership Council. This backing is intended to express the confidence of the team and align our interests with those of our investors. We also believe it will align us with the investors and management team of our eventual partner company. Beyond meaningful capital commitments from each member of our team, we believe that our incentive structure drives both alignment and productivity from our team: members of our board and Leadership Council, as well as our senior advisors, are eligible for a performance bonus of interests in our Sponsor that are equivalent to an aggregate of up to 500,000 founder shares for their contributions toward the success of Plum. Furthermore, we intend to align ourselves with our eventual partner company through lock-up or other provisions that incentivize long-term value creation and signal our commitment to delivering attractive returns to all stakeholders. We believe such flexibility on lock-up to be an important key to attracting high-quality growth companies. Our Management Team and Our Sponsor 

Management Members 
 
 Biography 

Ursula Burns 
 
 Served as Chairperson CEO of Xerox and CEO of VEON Board director of Exxon Mobil, Uber, Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., and IHS Holdings Former directorships include American Express, Boston Scientific, and Nestle Led White House national program on STEM under President Barack Obama and served as chair of the President s Export Council 

Kanishka Roy 
 
 Served as Global Head of Tech M A Origination at Morgan Stanley Global CFO of private AI unicorn SmartNews Software Investment Banker at Oppenheimer Co. 

Mike Dinsdale 
 
 Served as CFO of Gusto, DoorDash and DocuSign Venture Partner at Akkadian Ventures Defined the modern unicorn CFO for over 20 years 
 Our management team consists of Ursula Burns, Kanishka Roy and Mike Dinsdale. We are supported by our 8-person Board of Directors, 19-person Leadership Council, and 17-person Senior Advisory Team. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Ursula Burns is our Executive Chairwoman and a director. Ms. Burns has extensive international experience leading large companies confronting technology change in their industries. Ms. Burns served as the Chairman of the Board of Xerox Corporation from 2010 to 2017 and Chief Executive Officer from 2009 to 2016, after having been appointed President in 2007. Burns joined Xerox as a summer intern in 1980 and has since held leadership posts spanning corporate services, manufacturing and product development. She is the first, and still only, African-American woman to have led an S P 500 company. Following the company s split into Conduent and the new Xerox, she was named the Chairwoman of the new Xerox company. After her retirement from Xerox, Ms. Burns was appointed as Chairman of VEON, Ltd. in 2017. Ms. Burns became Chairman and CEO in December 2018 until June 2020. During her tenure at VEON, Burns successfully steered the company through various compliance and restructuring changes. Ms. Burns is a member of the Exxon Mobil, Uber Technologies, Inc., Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., and IHS Holdings Board of Directors. She is also a founding partner of Integrum Holdings, a private equity firm, and Non-Executive Chairman of Teneo Holdings LLC. In addition, Burns is on several private company boards, while also providing leadership counsel to several other community, educational and non-profit organizations including the Ford Foundation, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Corporation, Cornell Tech Board of Overseers, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and the Mayo Clinic amongst others. Ms. Burns was appointed by President Barack Obama to help lead the White House national program on Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) from 2009 to 2016, and she served as chair of the President s Export Council from 2015 to 2016 after having served as vice chair from 2010 to 2015. Ms. Burns holds a master s degree in mechanical engineering from Columbia University and a bachelor s in mechanical engineering from Polytechnic Institute of New York University. Kanishka Roy is our President, Co-Chief Executive Officer, and a director. Mr. Roy is a technology and finance veteran, with over 20 years of experience as a technology investment banker, public company executive, and growth investor. From 2014 to 2019, Mr. Roy helped leading Software and Internet companies with mergers and acquisitions (M A) and capital markets transactions. Mr. Roy also served as the Global Head of Tech M A Origination for Morgan Stanley, where he was responsible for initiating large, industry-transforming mergers, helping clients take a long-term view of the competitive landscape and implementing winning M A playbooks to maximize shareholder value. Over his career, Mr. Roy has participated in over 100 billion of M A transactions. Most recently, from 2019 to 2020, he was Global CFO at SmartNews, a multi-billion-dollar private AI company with over 20 million monthly average users and led the strategic finance and growth of a rapidly growing company across multiple geographies. Mr. Roy started his career as a software engineer at two software startups, both of which were acquired by larger public companies, and also worked in executive strategy roles at IBM. Mr. Roy holds an undergraduate degree in Electrical Computer Engineering and an MBA from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth. Mike Dinsdale is our Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and a director. Mr. Dinsdale has embodied the modern unicorn CFO for over 20 years, with strategic expertise in building high-growth international companies that consistently exceed growth targets. Mr. Dinsdale has successfully secured over 1 billion in financing and been part of great teams generating more than 100 billion in value. Most recently, Mr. Dinsdale was the CFO for Gusto from 2017 to 2020 and prior to that was CFO at two generational, market leading software companies: DoorDash, from 2016 to 2017, and DocuSign, where he also served as Chief Growth Officer, from 2010 to 2016. In addition to his role at Plum, Mr. Dinsdale serves as a Venture Partner at Akkadian Ventures, a late-stage venture fund, and as a board member for private software companies. Mr. Dinsdale earned a BS in engineering from the University of Western Ontario and an MBA from McMaster University. Mr. Dinsdale holds the CFA designation and competed with the Canadian National Sailing Team in the 1996 Olympic trials. He also serves on the Board of Directors for WildAid. Our Independent Directors 

Directors 
 
 Biography 

Mr. Lane Bess 
 
 Served as COO of Zscaler and President CEO of Palo Alto Networks Serves on the Board of Trustees of Carnegie Mellon University 

Ms. Kelly Breslin Wright 
 
 Served as Executive Vice President of Sales at Tableau Software Served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Gong Board Director of Gong and Lucid and former Board Director at Fastly, Even, and Amperity 

Ms. Jennifer Ceran 
 
 Board Director of several public and private companies including NerdWallet, Riskified, Klaviyo and Wyze Labs 

Mr. Alok Sama 
 
 Served as President CFO of SoftBank Group International 

Mr. Kevin Turner 
 
 Served as COO of Microsoft Former CEO of Sam s Club, CIO of Walmart Independent Board Member in Retail and Technology 
 Our independent directors all have significant skin in the game, sponsoring approximately 25 of the at-risk capital, and are further incentivized to generate exceptional returns through a performance bonus of interests in our Sponsor that are equivalent to an aggregate of up to 500,000 founder shares. Our 8-person Board of Directors includes all three members of the management team. Lane Bess is a director. Mr. Bess has more than 35 years of experience and a proven track record as an executive for rapidly growing, publicly traded, and privately held companies serving the enterprise and consumer markets. Mr. Bess helped build three companies valued over 1bn in the internet security industry. Mr. Bess helped attain early funding and acted as CEO of Palo Alto Networks (PANW) from 2008 2011, where he led the late fundraising and scaled the company from its early go-to-market toa revenue run rate exceeding 200 million on the path to its IPO. He also was instrumental in building Zscaler (ZS) as COO from 2011 to 2015. Mr. Bess was EVP of Worldwide Sales and General Manager of publicly traded Trend Micro Inc. (Nikkei), growing worldwide revenues to over 1 billion annually, from 2002 to 2007. Mr. Bess currently operates his own 100 million venture investment firm, Bess Ventures, which he started in 2015, where he leverages funds generated from his operational success to help other firms create their path to positive outcomes. Some of the firm s notable investments include Arista Networks, Nutanix Inc., ThoughtSpot, Rubrik, and Zscaler. Mr. Bess has a BS in Managerial Economics from Carnegie Mellon University and holds a Master s Degree from the University of Dayton. Lane also serves as a Trustee on the Board of Carnegie Mellon University. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Kelly Breslin Wright is a director. Ms. Wright has over 30 years of experience in leadership, sales, operations, and strategy. Ms. Wright is currently a Board Director at Gong and Lucid. She previously served on the board of Fastly and Even and has advised multiple technology companies, including Asana and Dropbox. She is the Founder of Culture Driven Sales and teaches Go-To-Market Strategy as an adjunct professor at the University of Washington s Foster School of Business. Prior to her current work as a board director, Ms. Wright spent 12 years at Tableau Software, where she led worldwide sales and field operations as Executive Vice President of Sales. She joined Tableau as the company s first salesperson and tenth employee in 2005, and she helped grow Tableau into a multi-billion-dollar public company as a key member of the executive team. Ms. Wright grew Tableau s revenue from zero to more than 800 million and managed over half of Tableau s global team as the company expanded to 3,400 employees. Ms. Wright also served as President and Chief Operating Officer at Gong, where she ran all go-to-market functions and helped build a strong foundation of people, processes, and systems for future scale. She recently transitioned from her operating role back to Gong s Board of Directors. Earlier in her career, Ms. Wright spent time at Bain Company, McKinsey Company, Bank of America, Dale Carnegie Training, and At Hoc. She earned her BA from Stanford University and her MBA from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Jennifer Ceran is a director. Ms. Ceran is a senior finance leader with more than 30 years of experience working at high growth, brand name private and public companies. Ms. Ceran was CFO of Smartsheet, a public SaaS company, from 2016 until 2021. From 2012 to 2015, Ms. Ceran also served as Vice President of Finance for Box, Inc., a leading content management company, where she was responsible for helping the founders scale the company and prepare for a successful IPO. From 2003 to 2012, Ms. Ceran held various positions at eBay Inc., a global e-commerce and payments company, including Vice President (VP) and Treasurer, VP Financial Planning and Analysis, and VP Investor Relations. Ms. Ceran also ran their first Finance Leadership Development Program, a program to develop top finance talent. Ms. Ceran has received numerous recognitions during her career. Ms. Ceran was recognized by Treasury and Risk Management Magazine from 2006 through 2009 as one of the 100 Most Influential People in Finance. In 2011, she was ranked first in the Institutional Investor list of investor-relations leaders in the internet industry. In 2017, Ms. Ceran received the honorable Puget Sound Business Journal CFO of the year award. Ms. Ceran is on several public and private company boards including NerdWallet, Riskified, Klaviyo and Wyze Labs. Ms. Ceran holds an MBA in Finance and Accounting from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and BAs in Communications and French from Vanderbilt University. Alok Sama is a director. Mr. Sama is currently a Senior Advisor to Warburg Pincus LLC, joining in 2020. He was formerly President CFO of SoftBank Group International SBGI and Chief Strategy Officer for SoftBank Group SBG ), departing in 2020. While at SoftBank, Mr. Sama led the 59 billion merger of Sprint and T-Mobile, the 34 billion acquisition of ARM Holdings Plc, the 10 billion disposition of SoftBank s stake in Alibaba Group Holding, the 8.6 billion sale of Supercell Oy to Tencent Holdings, and the restructuring of SoftBank s holding in Yahoo Japan. Mr. Sama was also responsible for multiple growth capital investments across technology verticals, including ride sharing, fintech, and communications. Mr. Sama represented SoftBank as a Board member at Arm Holdings, Fortress Investment Group, SoFi, Brightstar Corp, Softbank Energy, SoftBank Group Capital, and Airtel Africa. Mr. Sama was also a Senior Managing Director at Morgan Stanley, where he led the firm s communications practice in Europe and TMT practice in the Asia-Pacific region. Mr. Sama co-founded Baer Capital Partners, an alternative asset management firm focused on India with over 300 million in assets, in partnership with the Baer family and Dubai Holdings. He continues to be a Director of Baer Capital. He is a member of the CNBC Global CFO Council, and a former Chairman of the London Chapter of the Young President s Organization (YPO). Kevin Turner is a director. Mr. Turner is a highly unique CEO and executive who has served and excelled at two of the most admired companies in the world, Walmart and Microsoft. As Microsoft s former Chief Operating Officer from 2005 to 2016, Mr. Turner led the company s global sales, marketing and services organization of 70,000+ employees in more than 190 countries through the transition of Bill Gates, Steve Ballmer, and Satya Nadella. Under Mr. Turner s leadership, the sales and marketing group delivered more than 91.9 billion in revenue in fiscal 2016. Mr. Turner oversaw worldwide sales, field marketing, services, support, and partner channels, as well as Microsoft Stores and corporate support functions, including Information Technology, Worldwide Licensing Pricing, and Operations. Mr. Turner spent nearly 20 years at Wal-Mart Stores, where he rose through the ranks and was named the youngest corporate officer ever at Wal-Mart at age 29. Mr. Turner held various leadership positions at Wal- Mart, including becoming the Chief Information Officer for Wal-Mart Stores, and as his last assignment he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of SAM S CLUB, a 37 billion division of Wal-Mart Stores. He was appointed Chairman of Zayo Group in 2020 and Vice Chairman of the Board for Albertsons Companies. He served as a Board Director for Nordstrom from 2010 to 2020, and Vice Chairman of Citadel and CEO of Citadel Securities from 2016 to 2017. Mr. Turner served as President and CEO of Core Scientific, then a privately held company, 2018 to May 2021. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Leadership Council and Senior Advisory Team Our Leadership Council includes individuals with a track record of success that positions them to add value to potential partner companies, advise our management team and board, and bring unique insights and connectivity around deal sourcing and diligence. This team, with approximately 17 sponsorship of the at-risk capital, is comprised of a diverse set of leaders, including the former CEO of Ericsson, a former Senior Advisor to President Barack Obama, a former CEO of Young Rubicam, prominent Venture Capitalists, current public company CEOs, and Clevel executives at blue chip public companies. Our Senior Advisory Team is comprised of individuals with an array of diverse and relevant experience, including unicorn founders, public company CEOs, and industry leaders in technology. These individuals are not investors in our SPAC, but they are eligible for our performance bonus of interests in our sponsor that are equivalent to an aggregate of up to 500,000 founder shares. These individuals serve in ad-hoc roles and add value to Plum through the strength of their connectivity with relevant company executives and boards. Our Business Strategy The number of high-quality private technology companies is increasing overall, as is the number of those who are choosing to stay private longer. Many of these companies avoid IPOs due to the inherent uncertainty around valuation at IPO, as well as the perception that many IPOs are mispriced, especially for the high growth technology companies we will target. In addition, the time-consuming IPO process represents a meaningful distraction from management s core operational responsibilities. Direct listings to date have been executed only by well-known companies, and there is limited opportunity to raise primary capital in tandem. This means that direct listings are not a viable option for the vast majority of technology companies. And most other SPACs in the market today are transactional in nature, without a long-term platform, or the infrastructure and team to help companies after the public listing. This status quo poses serious problems for quality high-growth companies that would attract significant investor interest if there were a more optimized path to public markets with a trusted and experienced partner to guide them. We believe that Plum fills this role. We are a purpose-built platform to help companies list publicly and build the capacity and infrastructure needed to continue scaling in the public markets. We have architected Plum to fully capitalize on the benefits of operator-driven SPACs, with a large and proven team of 8 directors, 19 Leadership Council members, and a 17-person Senior Advisory Team. This extended team gives us a large surface area of personal, professional, and subject matter driven relationships to identify and partner with the most promising private companies. Each team member was selected for their proprietary network and access to special situations in the U.S. and abroad, including large sourcing networks on the ground in Europe, creating a path for transition of these exciting companies to a U.S. listing. Each of the individuals on the Plum team understands, through hard-earned experience, the importance of helping companies accelerate their vision and build massive scale without sacrificing the culture that made them successful in the first place. From our own experience, we believe both our operational approach and our company-centric worldview will be advantageous in helping us to attract a very strong eventual partner company. We have developed a clear value-add playbook for public company growth and have staffed ourselves appropriately to execute on a variety of formalized initiatives in service of our eventual partner company. Most of our team of operators have chosen to work with Plum over other SPACs, and to invest in our risk capital, because we offer them the chance to leverage their skills and expertise for the benefit of our eventual partner company. We have formalized this value-add process through our playbook, Accelerating Through the Bell . This playbook consists of plays from tested, successful operators to help our partner company de-risk its listing and enhance its growth post-listing. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

We believe our approach stands in stark contrast to many SPACs that rely on the stature, experience, and network of a few individuals. It is our view that these SPACs lack sufficient depth of team members and skillsets to have a credible claim to helping companies de-risk their listing and maintain, or even accelerate, their growth after listing. We believe that the value of our operator driven approach to success is highly differentiated by virtue of the size, playbook, financial alignment, credibility in DEI, and the diverse skillsets and backgrounds of our team. We further believe that our model is one that will be very positively received by high-performing companies for many reasons: 

Conviction and Aligned Incentives for Investors: We are funding all of our risk capital internally. We believe this indicates a high level of confidence and commitment on the part of our team. This investment also creates alignment between our team, IPO investors, and future PIPE investors because we are all focused on maximizing the long-term value of our business combination. 

Focus on Long-Term Value Creation for the Partner Company: Self-funding the entirety of our risk capital also closely aligns us with our eventual partner company s outcome. Our willingness to tie our promote lock-up to company stock-price performance should also be attractive to companies. We plan to carefully curate our IPO and PIPE investors, focusing on long-term investors with a track record of supporting high-quality growth companies. In addition, we believe that our performance bonus of interests in our Sponsor that are equivalent to an aggregate of up to 500,000 founder shares provides meaningful motivation to our Board of Directors, Leadership Council, and Senior Advisory Team to help us deliver the best possible returns to our shareholders. 

Decentralized and Proprietary Deal Sourcing: Each member of our 48-person extended team has been selected for their personal networks and access to Tech companies and boards in the U.S. and Europe. The breadth and connectivity of this extended team, combined with our incentive structure, increases our ability to source proprietary opportunities without relying on bankers for deal flow, and reduces the likelihood that we will have to participate in competitive bid processes or SPAC-offs . 

Incremental Value through DEI Focus and Execution: Core to our thesis is evidence that there is tremendous value to be unlocked when both management teams and investors prioritize DEI. We will draw upon a diverse, world-class team for public board construction and to assist our future partner company on its own DEI journey, along with specific DEI strategies and initiatives that have worked at world-class companies such as Intel and Google. 

Proprietary Accelerating Through the Bell Operational Playbook: We believe our public growth playbook, with a focus on short-term tactical plays, medium-term growth plays, and longer-term culture-defining plays, will provide our eventual partner company with a strong competitive edge and make our SPAC an attractive partner. Each play is owned by a highly regarded executive with a proven track record of success in that specific area. For example, one of the individuals running our public investor relations strategy was instrumental in executing the Shopify and Zendesk IPOs, among others; the individual in charge of go-to-market acceleration play served as the sales leader during Tableau s ramp from 800 million in revenue; one of the individuals in charge of the international growth play led his company s entry into more than 18 countries. Our Acquisition Criteria We do not think that there isa one-size fits-all list of criteria that we can use to evaluate companies. However, wise and flexible employment of our investment principles is the north star of our investment decision process: 

Large Addressable Market: We will seek to invest in companies that offer room for compelling, long-term growth in their key markets. Large addressable markets have been a hallmark of our previous successful investments. We believe green field or rapidly growing markets often create the largest absolute returns. 

Experienced and Visionary Management Team: Seasoned and visionary management teams are necessary for success in our model. We intend to acquire a company with forward-thinking leaders with a demonstrated history of success, and whose interests and vision are aligned with those of our team and shareholders. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Robust Growth: While many things must fall in place for an investment to succeed, we believe that growth is the primary driver of returns. We believe that revenue growth, not cost cutting, leverage, or other strategies, is the most important driver of long-term value. 

Strong Business Model: We believe business models that enable reinvestment win in the long-haul. As such, the most investable companies must show, through compelling unit economics and business model, both the ability to deliver impressive cash flows and productively reinvest over the long term. 

Competitive Moat: Real, sustainable accumulating advantages enable companies to compound value. We favor businesses with strong structural advantages, including various forms of network effects, aggregator dynamics, and brand. 

Visible Market Opportunity: We seek to invest in businesses with recurring or re-occurring business models that provide good revenue visibility and ample data, allowing us to clearly understand growth drivers. We intend to invest in those businesses where future revenue cannot be confounded by significant market, technology, or regulatory risks. Potential Conflicts of Interest In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and key employees, document reviews and inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors, or council member. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our Sponsor, officers, directors or council members, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Members of our management team, board of directors or Leadership Council may directly or indirectly own our founder shares, ordinary shares and/or private placement warrants following the initial public offering, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Each of our officers, directors and council members presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer, director or Advisor is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers, directors or council members becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our Sponsor and our officers, directors and council member may Sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Initial Business Combination So long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, which may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. Financial Position With funds available for a business combination of approximately 54 million held in the Trust Account, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following the initial public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business, other than our officers and directors. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various affiliated and unaffiliated sources, including, investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates and other affiliated sources may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. We have agreed to pay our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our Sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. In addition, pursuant to our Administrative Services Agreement we may make payments or reimbursements to our Sponsor or its affiliates, for the reasonable salaries and other services provided to us prior to or in connection with our initial business combination by its employees, consultants and/or members, who may include our officers, leadership council members, senior advisors or directors, and may also pay certain fees to our Sponsor or its respective affiliates. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or council members. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our Sponsor, officers, directors or council members, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including and other entities that are affiliates of our Sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. See Management Conflicts of Interest. Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. Under Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding; 

Any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; 

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, council members or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, council members or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, council members or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our Sponsor, officers, directors, council members and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our Sponsor, officers, directors, council members or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our Sponsor, officers, directors, council members or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the shareholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our Sponsor, executive officers, directors, council members or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our Sponsor, officers, directors, council members and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules. If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. In the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then- current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our Sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the shareholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have only 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our Sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining held in Company accounts outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (except our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. The representative of the underwriter will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the representative of the underwriter of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our Sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to the amounts remaining in Company accounts outside the trust account following the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate, and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder. If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with Our Initial Business Combination and If We Fail to Complete Our Initial Business Combination. The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination): 

Redemptions in Connection with Our Initial Business Combination 
 
 Other Permitted Purchases of Public Shares by Our Affiliates 
 
 Redemptions if We Fail to Complete an Initial Business Combination 

Calculation of redemption price 
 
 Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. In either case, our public shareholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to any limitations (including, but not limited, to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination. 
 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, council members or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our Sponsor, directors, officers, council members or their affiliates may pay in these transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going- private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. 
 
 If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Redemptions in Connection with Our Initial Business Combination 
 
 Other Permitted Purchases of Public Shares by Our Affiliates 
 
 Redemptions if We Fail to Complete an Initial Business Combination 
 
 Impact to remaining shareholders 
 
 The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining shareholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable. 
 
 If the permitted purchases described above are made, there would be no impact to our remaining shareholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. 
 
 The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our Sponsor, who will be our only remaining shareholder after such redemptions. 
 Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at 2021 Fillmore St. #2089, San Francisco, California 94115. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay to our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, unless waived by our Sponsor, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Report, before deciding to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination We may not be able to complete the Business Combination pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. If we are unable to do so, we will incur substantial costs associated with withdrawing from the transaction and may not be able to find additional sources of financing to cover those costs. In connection with the Business Combination Agreement, we have incurred substantial costs researching, planning and negotiating the transaction. These costs include, but are not limited to, costs associated with securing sources of financing, costs associated with employing and retaining third-party advisors who performed the financial, auditing and legal services required to complete the transaction, and the expenses generated by our officers, executives, and employees in connection with the transaction. If, for whatever reason, the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination fail to close, we will be responsible for these costs, but will have no source of revenue with which to pay them. We may need to obtain additional sources of financing in order to meet our obligations, which we may not be able to secure on the same terms as our existing financing or at all. If we are unable to secure new sources of financing and do not have sufficient funds to meet our obligations, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. We have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are an exempted company, incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Past performance by our management team or our council members or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team or council members and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team and council members or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our management has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our Sponsor owned, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of the initial public offering. Our Sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our Sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than such amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 27 months after the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate our initial business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis and is adversely affecting the economies and financial markets in the U.S. and worldwide and could adversely affect the business of any potential target company with which we consummate a business combination. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, continue to limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 27 months after the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within 27 months after the closing of the initial public offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, management team, council members, directors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, executive officers, council members, directors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

In the event that our Sponsor, executive officers, council members, directors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities for a description of how our Sponsor, executive officers, council members, directors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

If the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 27 months following the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately 1,800,000 was available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team, and third parties will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 27 months following the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination); however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision(a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. Unless funded by the proceeds of loans available from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team, and third parties the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. The amount held in the trust account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or shareholder meetings to elect directors. Until we hold an annual meeting of shareholders, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to elect directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our Sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the initial public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our Sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, council members, directors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. To effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through our initial public offering, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. Our Sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Upon closing of the initial public offering, our Sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (assuming it does not purchase any units in the initial public offering). Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our Sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our Sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our Sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our Sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our Sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 following the completion of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write- down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges maybe non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (except our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to our initial public offering registration statement, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, if an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our shareholder meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our Sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis,20 of our Class A ordinary shares upon the closing of the initial public offering, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Our Sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, this agreement and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of this agreement. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Our letter agreement with our Sponsor, officers and directors may be amended without shareholder approval. Our letter agreement with our Sponsor, officers and directors contains provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares and private placement warrants, indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the trust account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval (although releasing the parties from the restriction not to transfer the founder shares for 180 days following the date of our final prospectus will require the prior written consent of the representative). While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to the letter agreement. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. If the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the initial public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 
 25 

Table of Contents 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with 319,216,340 that we may use to complete our initial business combination, which amount was reduced to approximately 54 million following redemptions in connection with the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders held on March 15, 2023. We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 27 months (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) before redemption from our trust account. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations to which we are currently not subject. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. An investment in our securities is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, suspending the pursuit of a Business Combination. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Further, our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. We currently have a mandatory liquidation date of June 18, 2023, unless such date is extended by our Board, pursuant to our amended and restated articles of association , to complete a Business Combination. Although we expect to complete a business combination prior to the expiration of the combination period, it is uncertain whether we will be able to do so. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through our liquidation date. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate a Business Combination or our inability to continue as a going concern. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to our Securities The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. The net proceeds of the initial public offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants are be held in an interest-bearing trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which we may withdraw to pay our taxes, if any) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below 52,282,180, as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders equity (generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, our units will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders (with at least 50 of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500). We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, and, as a result, qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute, and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination because of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 494,771,782 and 42,109,591 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As of December 31, 2022, there were no preference shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants as described in Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any election of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants if we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in the initial public offering. In such an instance, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the final prospectus related to our initial public offering, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us as so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 6,384,327 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units sold in our initial public offering and, simultaneously issued in a private placement an aggregate of 6,256,218 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the Sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Because each unit contains one-fifth of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-fifth of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-fifth of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our Sponsor, are entitled to vote on the election of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. The grant of registration rights to our Sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to an agreement entered into on or prior to the closing of the public initial offering, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post- combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement entered into on or prior to the closing of the initial public offering, our Sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Our executive officers, council members and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our executive officers, council members and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers, council members and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers, council members and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers , council members and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors other business affairs, please see Management Officers and Directors. Our officers, council members and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Our Sponsor, officers, council members and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. In addition, our Sponsor, officers, council members and directors may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company prior to completion of our initial business combination. As a result, our Sponsor, officers, council members or directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Our Sponsor, officers, council members and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer , on the one hand, and us, on the other. Our executive officers, council members, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our executive officers, council members, directors, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, council members, directors which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses or entities affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors, initial shareholders or council members. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Management Conflicts of Interest. Our Sponsor, officers, council members and directors may Sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our Sponsor, officers, council members and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination as set forth in Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, council members, directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications, or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Since our Sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. On January 13, 2021, our Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the Sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. If we increase or decrease the size of our offering, we will effect a share capitalization or a share surrender or redemption or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of the initial public offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares, on an as-converted basis, at 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation of the initial public offering. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, on April 14, 2021, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,256,218 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per warrant 9,384,327 in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering. If we do not consummate an initial business within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 27-month anniversary of the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 month anniversary from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. Certain of our officers and directors have direct and indirect economic interests in us and/or our Sponsor after the consummation of the initial public offering and such interests may potentially conflict with those of our public shareholders as we evaluate and decide whether to recommend a potential business combination to our public shareholders. Certain of our officers and directors may own membership interests in our Sponsor and indirect interests in our Class B ordinary shares and private placement warrants which may result in interests that differ from the economic interests of the investors in the initial public offering, which includes making a determination of whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. There may be a potential conflict of interest between our officers and directors that hold membership interests in our Sponsor and our public shareholders that may not be resolved in favor of our public shareholders. See Management Conflicts of Interest. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. General Risk Factors Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early-stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. Our Warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our Warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. On April 12, 2021, the Acting Director of the Division of Corporation Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the SEC together issued a statement regarding the accounting and reporting considerations for warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the SEC Statement ). Specifically, the SEC Statement focused on warrants that have certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers or warrants which do not meet the criteria to be considered indexed to an entity s own stock, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our Warrants. As a result of the SEC Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our 6,384,326 Public Warrants and 6,256,218 Private Placement Warrants and determined that the Warrants should be reclassified as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

As a result, included on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, contained elsewhere in this Annual Report are derivative liabilities related to embedded features contained within our Warrants. Accounting Standards Codification 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity , provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors, which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our Warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Following issuance of the SEC Staff Statement on April 12, 2021, and after consultation with our independent registered public accounting firm, our management and our audit committee concluded that, in light of the SEC Statement, it was appropriate to restate our previously issued audited balance sheet as of March 18, 2021, which we filed with the SEC on Form 8-K on March 24, 2021, to account for the warrants as liabilities measured at fair value, rather than equity securities (the Restatement ). See Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. As a result of these events, which led to the Restatement, we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. Additionally, our management re-evaluated our application of ASC 480-10-S99-3A to our accounting classification of public shares. After consultation with our independent registered public accounting firm, our management and our audit committee concluded that it was appropriate to restate our previously issued Restated Balance Sheet and unaudited interim financial statements included in our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2021 and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021, filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021 and August 16, 2021, respectively. As part of such process, we identified an additional material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material weakness. If we identify any new material weakness in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the price of our securities may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. An investment in us may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. An investment in us may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units we are issuing in the initial public offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the Class A ordinary shares and the one-fifth of a warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share included in each unit could be challenged by the IRS or courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants included in the units we are issuing in the initial public offering is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. Holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when holding or disposing of our securities. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors, upon the listing of our shares on Nasdaq, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. After completion of the initial public offering, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of Nasdaq; 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we have a nominating committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception and the timing of our initial business combination. Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules with respect to their particular circumstances. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 
 37 

Table of Contents 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots, and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties We currently maintain our executive offices at 2021 Fillmore St. #2089, San Francisco, California 94115. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay to our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (a) Market Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq. Our units commenced public trading on March 15, 2021, under the symbol PLMIU Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on May 6, 2021, under the symbols PLMI and PLMIW, respectively. (b) Holders As of April 17, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, one holder of record of our Class B ordinary shares and two holders of record of our warrants. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. (e) Performance Graph Not applicable. (f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings. On January 13, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in consideration of 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. With the underwriter s over-allotment remaining option expired in May 2021, the initial shareholders forfeited 644,591 shares to the Company for no consideration so that the initial shareholders would collectively own 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the IPO. As of December 31, 2022, there were 7,980,409 shares of Class B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding. On March 18, 2021, we completed our initial public offering of 30,000,000 units, at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of 300.0 million. On April 14, 2021, the Company sold an additional 1,921,634 units for gross proceeds in connection with the underwriter s partial exercise of its overallotment option for total gross proceeds of approximately 19.2 million. Concurrently with the closing of the initial public offering, our Sponsor purchased 6,000,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one ordinary share at 11.50 per share generating gross proceeds of 9.0 million, in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. Simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment option, our Sponsor purchased an additional 256,218 private placement warrants generating additional proceeds of 0.4 million. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants was added to the proceeds from the initial public offering held in the trust account. If the company does not complete an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants are substantially similar to the warrants underlying the units issued in the initial public offering, except that they are non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor and the company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their private placement warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial business combination. The sale of the private placement warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. On January 31, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Dinsdale Note in the principal amount of 500,000 to Mike Dinsdale. The Dinsdale Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of a Business Combination. The Company may draw on the Dinsdale Note from time to time, in increments of not less than 50,000, until the earlier of March 18, 2023 or the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Dinsdale Note shall not be repaid and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven. Upon the consummation of a Business Combination, the Mr. Dinsdale shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert the principal balance of the Dinsdale Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants (as defined in that certain Warrant Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company), at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant. The Dinsdale Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Dinsdale Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Dinsdale Note becoming immediately due and payable. The Dinsdale Note was issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On July 11, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Burns Note in the principal amount of 500,000 to Ursula Burns. The Burns Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination (a Business Combination ). Up to fifty percent (50 of the principal of the Burns Note may be drawn down from time to time at the Company s option prior to August 25, 2022 and any or all of the remaining undrawn principal of the Burns Note may be drawn down from time to time at the Company s option after August 25, 2022, in each case in increments of not less than 50,000. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Burns Note shall not be repaid and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven. Upon the consummation of a Business Combination, Ms. Burns shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert the principal balance of the Burns Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants (as defined in that certain Warrant Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company), at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant. The Burns Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Burns Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Burns Note becoming immediately due and payable. On March 16, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the total principal amount of up to 250,000 (the Roy Note to Mr. Kanishka Roy, individually and as a member of Plum Partners LLC. Mr. Roy funded the initial principal amount of 250,000 on March 16, 2023. The Roy Note does not bear interest and matures upon the consummation of the Company s initial business combination with one or more businesses or entities. In the event the Company does not consummate a business combination, the Roy Note will be repaid upon the Company s liquidation only from amounts remaining outside of the Company s trust account, if any. The Roy Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Roy Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Roy Note becoming immediately due and payable. Use of Proceeds In connection with the initial public offering and the exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option, we incurred offering costs of approximately 18.3 million (including underwriting commissions of approximately 6.3 million and deferred underwriting commissions of approximately 11.2 million). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally preparation fees related to the initial public offering. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial business combination, if consummated) and the initial public offering expenses, 319.2 million of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and certain of the proceeds from the private placement of the private placement warrants (or 10.00 per Unit sold in the initial public offering) was placed in the trust account, which amount was reduced to approximately 54 million following redemptions in connection with the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders held on March 15, 2023. The net proceeds of the initial public offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants are held in the trust account and invested as described elsewhere in this Report. There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants as is described in our final prospectus related to our initial public offering. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. Not applicable. 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations References in this report (the Annual Report to we, us or the Company refer to Plum Acquisition Corp. I. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Plum Partners, LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K including statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on January 11, 2021 and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to consummate an initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our Public Offering (the Public Offering that closed on March 18, 2021 (the Closing Date and the Private Placement, and from additional issuances of, if any, our equity and our debt, or a combination of cash, equity and debt. Recent Developments On March 2, 2023, Plum entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among Plum, Sakuu Corporation, a Delaware corporation Sakuu ), Plum SPAC 1 Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Plum Merger Sub I ), and Plum SPACE 2 Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Plum Merger Sub II ). The Business Combination Agreement provides that (a) on the day of the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing ), Plum will change its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering and transferring by way of continuation as a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware Domestication ), change its name to Sakuu Holdings, Inc. , and amend its governing documents to become the Post-Closing Certificate of Incorporation and Post-Closing Bylaws (as such terms are defined in the Business Combination Agreement), (b) following the Domestication and upon the filing of the Certificate of First Merger (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), Merger Sub I will merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Plum First Merger ), and (c) immediately following the First Merger and upon the filing of the Certificate of Second Merger (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), the Company will merge with and into Merger Sub II, with Merger Sub II surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Plum Second Merger ). The Business Combination is subject to customary closing conditions, including the satisfaction of the minimum available cash condition, the receipt of certain governmental approvals and the required approval by the stockholders of Plum and Sakuu. There is no assurance that the Business Combination will be completed. Subject to, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, on the day of Closing each Plum Class A ordinary share and Plum Class B ordinary share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Domestication shall, by virtue of the Domestication, be automatically converted on a one-for-one basis into a share of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Plum New Plum Common Shares ). Subject to, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, Sakuu s equity holders will receive a number of shares of Common Stock (or rights to acquire such Common Stock) of Plum in the aggregate equal to 600,000,000.00 plus the aggregate exercise prices of Sakuu s options and warrants, divided by 10.00. Results of Operations For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income from operations of 10,578,125. In addition to the loss from operations of 4,074,437, we recognized other income of 14,652,562 consisting of the change in fair value of our warrant liabilities of 8,973,522, termination fee of 1,000,000 and interest earned on investments held in the Trust Account of 4,679,040. For the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a loss from operations of 2,916,919. In addition to the loss from operations, we recognized other income of 9,510,936 consisting of the change in fair value of our warrant liabilities of 9,177,618, gain on expiration of our over-allotment option of 881,755, and interest income of 16,264 partially offset by transaction costs related to our IPO of 564,701. Through December 31, 2022, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities, activities relating to identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates and activities relating to general corporate matters. We have not generated any realized income, other than interest income. The change in fair value of our warrant liabilities had no impact on cash. As of December 31, 2022, 323,911,642 was held in the Trust Account, cash outside of Trust Account of 86,401 and 2,640,756 in accounts payable and accrued expenses. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to us to pay taxes, if any, the proceeds in the Trust will not be released from the Trust Account (1) to us, until the completion of our initial Business Combination, or (2) to the Public Shareholders, until the earliest of (i) the completion of our initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholders properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of the public shares if we do not complete an initial Business Combination within 27 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) (the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of the public shares if we have not consummated a Business Combination within the Combination Period, subject to applicable law. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, we had cash outside our Trust Account of 86,401, available for working capital needs. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. In March and April 2021, we sold 31,921,634 units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 319,216,340. In connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, the holders of 26,693,416 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of 10.23 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of 273,112,311.62. Additionally, we sold 6,256,218 warrants (the Private Warrants ), at a price of 1.50 per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds of 9,384,327. Following the sale of our Units and the sale of the Private Warrants, a total of 319,216,340 10.00 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 18,336,269 in Initial Public Offering related costs, including 6,384,327 of underwriting fees, 11,172,572 of deferred underwriting discount and 779,370 of other costs with 564,701 which was allocated to the Public Warrants and Private Warrants, included in the statements of operations and 17,771,568 included in temporary equity. On January 31, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Dinsdale Note in the principal amount of 500,000 to Mike Dinsdale. The Dinsdale Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of a Business Combination. The Company may draw on the Dinsdale Note from time to time, in increments of not less than 50,000, until the earlier of March 18, 2023 or the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Dinsdale Note shall not be repaid and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven. Upon the consummation of a Business Combination, the Mr. Dinsdale shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert the principal balance of the Dinsdale Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants (as defined in that certain Warrant Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company), at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant. The Dinsdale Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Dinsdale Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Dinsdale Note becoming immediately due and payable. The Dinsdale Note was issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On July 11, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Burns Note in the principal amount of 500,000 to Ursula Burns. The Burns Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination (a Business Combination ). Up to fifty percent (50 of the principal of the Burns Note may be drawn down from time to time at the Company s option prior to August 25, 2022 and any or all of the remaining undrawn principal of the Burns Note may be drawn down from time to time at the Company s option after August 25, 2022, in each case in increments of not less than 50,000. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Burns Note shall not be repaid and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven. Upon the consummation of a Business Combination, Ms. Burns shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert the principal balance of the Burns Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants (as defined in that certain Warrant Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company), at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant. The Burns Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Burns Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Burns Note becoming immediately due and payable. On March 16, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the total principal amount of up to 250,000 (the Roy Note to Mr. Kanishka Roy, individually and as a member of Plum Partners LLC. Mr. Roy funded the initial principal amount of 250,000 on March 16, 2023. The Roy Note does not bear interest and matures upon the consummation of the Company s initial business combination with one or more businesses or entities. In the event the Company does not consummate a business combination, the Roy Note will be repaid upon the Company s liquidation only from amounts remaining outside of the Company s trust account, if any. The Roy Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Roy Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Roy Note becoming immediately due and payable. As of December 31, 2022, we had investments held in the Trust Account of 323,911,642 (including 4,679,040 of income) consisting of money market funds. As of March 31, 2023, we had investments held in the Trust Account of 54,368,297 (including 3,088,966 of income) consisting of money market funds. Income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Account to pay our taxes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,020,823. Net income of 10,578,125 was primarily offset by the change in the fair value of our warrant liabilities of 8,973,522 and interest earned on investments held in the Trust Account of 4,679,040. Other operational activities including amounts due to related party, prepaid assets and accounts payable and accrued expenses generated 120,000, 348,794, and 1,584,820, respectively. For the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 2,138,406. Net income of 6,594,017 was primarily offset by the change in the fair value of our warrant liabilities of 9,177,618, gain on expiration of our over-allotment option of 881,755, and payments generating prepaid assets of 392,425. Partially offsetting the net income was 564,701 from IPO related transaction costs. Other operational activities include an increase in payables of 1,055,936 and amounts due to related parties of 115, 000. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. Further, our Sponsor, officers and directors or their respective affiliates have committed to loan us funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If we complete a business combination, we will repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, or converted upon consummation of a business combination into additional Private Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Warrant. As of December 31, 2022, 1,000,000 Working Capital Loans have been issued (Note 5). In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern , management has determined that the Company has and will continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Accounts. In addition, following our initial Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. Further, management has determined that if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by June 18, 2023, or March 18, 2024 if elected to extend the Termination Date up to nine times by an additional one month each time (the Combination Period ), then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution as well as the Company s working capital deficit raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after the Combination Period. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or entered into any non-financial agreements involving assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. Critical Accounting Policies The accompanying financial statements of the Company are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Warrant Liabilities The Company accounts for the Warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the specific terms of the Warrants and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the Warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the Warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares and whether the holders of the Warrants could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of issuance of the Warrants and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the Warrants are outstanding. For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, such warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, liability-classified warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of such warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. The Company accounts for the Public and Private warrants in accordance with guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability (See Note 6). Convertible Promissory Note The Company accounts for its convertible promissory note under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). Under 815-15-25, the election can be at the inception of a financial instrument to account for the instrument under the fair value option under ASC 825, Financial Instruments ASC 825 ). The Company has made such election for its convertible promissory note. Using fair value option, the convertible promissory note is required to be recorded at its initial fair value on the date of issuance and each balance sheet date thereafter. Differences between the face value of the note and fair value at issuance are recognized as either an expense in the statements of operations (if issued at a premium) or as a capital contribution (if issued at a discount). Changes in the estimated fair value of the notes are recognized as non-cash gains or losses in the statements of operations. Redeemable Shares of Class A Ordinary shares All of the 5,228,218 shares of Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold as part of the Public Offering remaining after the redemptions in connection with the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders held on March 15, 2023 contain a redemption feature as described in the prospectus for the Public Offering. In accordance with FASB ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable shares will be affected by charges against additional paid-in capital. Net Income Per Ordinary Share The Company has two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. The potential ordinary shares for outstanding warrants to purchase the Company s shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income per common share is the same as basic net income per common share for the periods. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective due to the material weakness in our internal controls over accounting and reporting complex financial instruments including the proper classification of warrants as liabilities and redeemable Class A ordinary shares as temporary equity and prepaid expenses between current and non-current, and under accrual of liabilities. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at December 31, 2022. Management has also concluded that our audited financial statements included in this Report are fairly stated in all material respects in accordance with GAAP for each of the periods presented therein. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information Appointment of Chief Operating Officer On April 12, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed James Lynfield as the Company s Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Lynfield, 30, has served as a partner of the Sponsor since May 2021. Prior to joining the Sponsor, Mr. Lynfield served as a private equity associate at Cerberus Capital Management from August 2017 through April 2019 and as an investment banking analyst at Credit Suisse from July 2015 through June 2017. Mr. Lynfield holds an undergraduate degree in Mathematics from Northwestern University and an MBA from Columbia Business School. Mr. Lynfield will not receive any compensation from the Company in connection with his service as the Company s Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Lynfield will report to Messrs. Roy and Dinsdale, who remain in charge of all of the Company s principal business units, divisions and functions and perform all policy-making functions at the Company. Accordingly, Mr. Lynfield is not an executive officer of the Company as defined by Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Promissory Note On April 17, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note ), dated effective as of March 17, 2023, in the principal amount of up to 1,500,000 to Sponsor, which may be drawn down by the Company from time to time prior to the consummation of the Company s Business Combination. An initial draw in the amount of 480,000 occurred on March 17, 2023. The Note does not bear interest, matures on the date of consummation of the Business Combination and is subject to customary events of default. The Note will be repaid only to the extent that the Company has funds available to it outside of its trust account established in connection with its initial public offering, and is convertible into private placement warrants of the Company at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the Sponsor. The Note was issued, and any private placement warrants and underlying shares will be issued, pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The foregoing description of the Note is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Note, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.13. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Ursula Burns 
 
 64 
 
 Executive Chairwoman and Director 

Kanishka Roy 
 
 47 
 
 President, Co-Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

Mike Dinsdale 
 
 50 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 

Lane Bess 
 
 61 
 
 Director 

Kelly Breslin Wright 
 
 52 
 
 Director 

Jennifer Ceran 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

Alok Sama 
 
 60 
 
 Director 

Kevin Turner 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 Ursula Burns is our Executive Chairwoman and a director. Ms. Burns has extensive international experience leading large companies confronting technology change in their industries. Ms. Burns served as the Chairman of the Board of Xerox Corporation from 2010 to 2017 and Chief Executive Officer from 2009 to 2016, after having been appointed President in 2007. Burns joined Xerox as a summer intern in 1980 and has since held leadership posts spanning corporate services, manufacturing and product development. She is the first, and still only, African-American woman to have led an S P 500 company. Following the company s split into Conduent and the new Xerox, she was named the Chairwoman of the new Xerox company. After her retirement from Xerox, Ms. Burns was appointed as Chairman of VEON, Ltd. in 2017. Ms. Burns became Chairman and CEO in December 2018 until June 2020. During her tenure at VEON, Burns successfully steered the company through various compliance and restructuring changes. Ms. Burns is a member of the Exxon Mobil, Uber Technologies, Inc., Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., and IHS Holdings Board of Directors. She is also a founding partner of Integrum Holdings, a private equity firm, and Non-Executive Chairman of Teneo Holdings LLC. In addition, Burns is on several private company boards, while also providing leadership counsel to several other community, educational and non-profit organizations including the Ford Foundation, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Corporation, Cornell Tech Board of Overseers, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and the Mayo Clinic amongst others. Ms. Burns was appointed by President Barack Obama to help lead the White House national program on Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) from 2009 to 2016, and she served as chair of the President s Export Council from 2015 to 2016 after having served as vice chair from 2010 to 2015. Ms. Burns holds a master s degree in mechanical engineering from Columbia University and a bachelor s in mechanical engineering from Polytechnic Institute of New York University. Kanishka Roy is our President, Co-Chief Executive Officer and a director. Mr. Roy is a technology and finance veteran, with over 20 years of experience as a technology investment banker, public company executive, and growth investor. From 2014 to 2019, Mr. Roy helped leading Software and Internet companies with mergers and acquisitions (M A) and capital markets transactions. Mr. Roy also served as the Global Head of Tech M A Origination for Morgan Stanley, where he was responsible for initiating large, industry-transforming mergers, helping clients take a long-term view of the competitive landscape and implementing winning M A playbooks to maximize shareholder value. Over his career, Mr. Roy has participated in over 100 billion of M A transactions. Most recently, from 2019 to 2020, he was Global CFO at SmartNews, a multi-billion-dollar private AI company with over 20 million monthly average users, and led the strategic finance and growth of a rapidly growing company across multiple geographies. Mr. Roy started his career as a software engineer at two software startups, both of which were acquired by larger public companies, and also worked in executive strategy roles at IBM. Mr. Roy holds an undergraduate degree in Electrical Computer Engineering and an MBA from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth. Mike Dinsdale is our Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a director. Mr. Dinsdale has embodied the modern unicorn CFO for over 20 years, with strategic expertise in building high-growth international companies that consistently exceed growth targets. Mr. Dinsdale has successfully secured over 1 billion in financing and been part of great teams generating more than 100 billion in value. Most recently, Mr. Dinsdale was the CFO for Gusto from 2017 to 2020 and prior to that was CFO at two generational, market leading software companies: DoorDash, from 2016 to 2017, and DocuSign, where he also served as Chief Growth Officer, from 2010 to 2016. In addition to his role at Plum, Mr. Dinsdale serves as a Venture Partner at Akkadian Ventures, a late-stage venture fund, and as a board member for private software companies. Mr. Dinsdale earned a BS in engineering from the University of Western Ontario and an MBA from McMaster University. Mr. Dinsdale holds the CFA designation and competed with the Canadian National Sailing Team in the 1996 Olympic trials. He also serves on the Board of Directors for WildAid. Our independent directors all have significant skin in the game, sponsoring approximately 25 of the at-risk capital, and are further incentivized to generate exceptional returns through a performance bonus of interests in our Sponsor that are equivalent to an aggregate of up to 500,000 founder shares. Our 8-person Board of Directors will include all three members of the management team. Lane Bess is a director. Mr. Bess has more than 35 years of experience and a proven track record as an executive for rapidly growing, publicly traded, and privately held companies serving the enterprise and consumer markets. Mr. Bess helped build three companies valued over 1bn in the internet security industry. Mr. Bess helped attain early funding and acted as CEO of Palo Alto Networks (PANW) from 2008 2011, where he led the late fundraising and scaled the company from its early go-to-market toa revenue run rate exceeding 200 million on the path to its IPO. He also was instrumental in building Zscaler (ZS) as COO from 2011 to 2015. Mr. Bess was EVP of Worldwide Sales and General Manager of publicly traded Trend Micro Inc. (Nikkei), growing worldwide revenues to over 1 billion annually, from 2002 to 2007. Mr. Bess currently operates his own 100 million venture investment firm, Bess Ventures, which he started in 2015, where he leverages funds generated from his operational success to help other firms create their path to positive outcomes. Some of the firm s notable investments include Arista Networks, Nutanix Inc., ThoughtSpot, Rubrik, and Zscaler. Mr. Bess has a BS in Managerial Economics from Carnegie Mellon University and holds a master s degree from the University of Dayton. Lane also serves as a Trustee on the Board of Carnegie Mellon University. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Kelly Breslin Wright is a director. Ms. Wright has over 30 years of experience in leadership, sales, operations, and strategy. Ms. Wright is currently a Board Director at Gong and Lucid. She previously served on the board of Fastly and Even and has advised multiple technology companies, including Asana and Dropbox. She is the Founder of Culture Driven Sales and teaches Go-To-Market Strategy as an adjunct professor at the University of Washington s Foster School of Business. Prior to her current work as a board director, Ms. Wright spent 12 years at Tableau Software, where she led worldwide sales and field operations as Executive Vice President of Sales. She joined Tableau as the company s first salesperson and tenth employee in 2005, and she helped grow Tableau into a multi-billion-dollar public company as a key member of the executive team. Ms. Wright grew Tableau s revenue from zero to more than 800 million and managed over half of Tableau s global team as the company expanded to 3,400 employees. Ms. Wright also served as President and Chief Operating Officer at Gong, where she ran all go-to-market functions and helped build a strong foundation of people, processes, and systems for future scale. She recently transitioned from her operating role back to Gong s Board of Directors. Earlier in her career, Ms. Wright spent time at Bain Company, McKinsey Company, Bank of America, Dale Carnegie Training, and At Hoc. She earned her BA from Stanford University and her MBA from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Jennifer Ceran is a director. Ms. Ceran is a senior finance leader with more than 30 years of experience working at high growth, brand name private and public companies. Ms. Ceran was CFO of Smartsheet, a public SaaS company, from 2016 until 2021. From 2012 to 2015, Ms. Ceran also served as Vice President of Finance for Box, Inc., a leading content management company, where she was responsible for helping the founders scale the company and prepare for a successful IPO. From 2003 to 2012, Ms. Ceran held various positions at eBay Inc., a global e-commerce and payments company, including Vice President (VP) and Treasurer, VP Financial Planning and Analysis, and VP Investor Relations. Ms. Ceran also ran their first Finance Leadership Development Program, a program to develop top finance talent. Ms. Ceran has received numerous recognitions during her career. Ms. Ceran was recognized by Treasury and Risk Management Magazine from 2006 through 2009 as one of the 100 Most Influential People in Finance. In 2011, she was ranked first in the Institutional Investor list of investor-relations leaders in the internet industry. In 2017, Ms. Ceran received the honorable Puget Sound Business Journal CFO of the year award. Ms. Ceran is on several public and private company boards including NerdWallet, Riskified, Klaviyo and Wyze Labs. Ms. Ceran holds an MBA in Finance and Accounting from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and BAs in Communications and French from Vanderbilt University. Alok Sama is a director. Mr. Sama is currently a Senior Advisor to Warburg Pincus LLC, joining in 2020. He was formerly President CFO of SoftBank Group International SBGI and Chief Strategy Officer for SoftBank Group SBG ), departing in 2020. While at SoftBank, Mr. Sama led the 59 billion merger of Sprint and T-Mobile, the 34 billion acquisition of ARM Holdings Plc, the 10 billion disposition of SoftBank s stake in Alibaba Group Holding, the 8.6 billion sale of Supercell Oy to Tencent Holdings, and the restructuring of SoftBank s holding in Yahoo Japan. Mr. Sama was also responsible for multiple growth capital investments across technology verticals, including ride sharing, fintech, and communications. Mr. Sama represented SoftBank as a Board member at Arm Holdings, Fortress Investment Group, SoFi, Brightstar Corp, Softbank Energy, SoftBank Group Capital, and Airtel Africa. Mr. Sama was also a Senior Managing Director at Morgan Stanley, where he led the firm s communications practice in Europe and TMT practice in the Asia-Pacific region. Mr. Sama co-founded Baer Capital Partners, an alternative asset management firm focused on India with over 300 million in assets, in partnership with the Baer family and Dubai Holdings. He continues to be a Director of Baer Capital. He is a member of the CNBC Global CFO Council, and a former Chairman of the London Chapter of the Young President s Organization (YPO). Kevin Turner is a director. Mr. Turner is a highly unique CEO and executive who has served and excelled at two of the most admired companies in the world, Walmart and Microsoft. As Microsoft s former Chief Operating Officer from 2005 to 2016, Mr. Turner led the company s global sales, marketing and services organization of 70,000+ employees in more than 190 countries through the transition of Bill Gates, Steve Ballmer, and Satya Nadella. Under Mr. Turner s leadership, the sales and marketing group delivered more than 91.9 billion in revenue in fiscal 2016. Mr. Turner oversaw worldwide sales, field marketing, services, support, and partner channels, as well as Microsoft Stores and corporate support functions, including Information Technology, Worldwide Licensing Pricing, and Operations. Mr. Turner spent nearly 20 years at Wal-Mart Stores, where he rose through the ranks and was named the youngest corporate officer ever at Wal-Mart at age 29. Mr. Turner held various leadership positions at Wal-Mart, including becoming the Chief Information Officer for Wal-Mart Stores, and as his last assignment he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of SAM S CLUB, a 37 billion division of Wal-Mart Stores. He was appointed Chairman of Zayo Group in 2020 and Vice Chairman of the Board for Albertsons Companies. He served as a Board Director for Nordstrom from 2010 to 2020, and Vice Chairman of Citadel and CEO of Citadel Securities from 2016 to 2017. Mr. Turner served as President and CEO of Core Scientific, then a privately held company, 2018 to May 2021. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Bess, Ms. Wright and Ms. Ceran, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Sama and Mr. Turner, will expire at our second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Ursula Burns, Kanishka Roy and Mike Dinsdale, will expire at our third annual meeting of shareholders. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Pursuant to an agreement entered into on or prior to the closing of the initial public offering, our Sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Bess, Ms. Wright, Ms. Ceran, Mr. Sama and Mr. Turner are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase- in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Mr. Bess, Ms. Ceran, and Mr. Sama serve on our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Bess, Ms. Ceran and Mr. Sama are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Mr. Sama will serve as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Ms. Ceran qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The audit committee is responsible for: 

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the initial public offering; and 

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. Nominating Committee We have established a nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our nominating committee are Ms. Wright, Mr. Bess, and Mr. Turner, and Mr. Turner will serve as chairman of the nominating committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that Ms. Wright, Mr. Bess, and Mr. Turner are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees, which is specified in our nominating committee charter, generally provides that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education, or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Mr. Bess, Ms. Ceran and Mr. Sama and Mr. Bess serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Bess, Ms. Ceran and Mr. Sama are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our executive officers performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our executive officers, based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers, and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Conflicts of Interest Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at shareholder meetings. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer on the one hand, and us, on the other. In addition, our Sponsor, officers, and directors may Sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

Ursula Burns 
 
 Teneo Holdings LLC 
 
 Public relations and advisory services 
 
 Senior Advisor 

Integrum Holdings 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Founding Partner 

Uber Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Rideshare 
 
 Board Member 

Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Entertainment 
 
 Board Member 

IHS Holding Limited 
 
 Telecommunication Infrastructure 
 
 Board Member 

Exxon Mobil Corporation 
 
 Energy 
 
 Board Member 

Mike Dinsdale 
 
 Akkadian Ventures, LLC 
 
 Investment, Management Fundraising 
 
 Venture Partner 

Clause Inc. 
 
 Financial Technology 
 
 Board Member 

Jirav, Inc. 
 
 Financial Technology 
 
 Board Member 

Lane Bess 
 
 Bess Ventures and 
 
 Investing 
 
 Founder and Principal 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

Kelly Breslin Wright 
 
 Gong.io Inc. 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Software 
 
 Board Member 

Lucid Software Inc. 
 
 Software 
 
 Board Member 

Jennifer Ceran 
 
 True Capital Partners, LLC 
 
 Talent Management 
 
 Board Member 

Klaviyo, Inc. 
 
 Software 
 
 Board Member; Interim CFO 

Riskified Ltd. 
 
 Software 
 
 Board Member 

NerdWallet, Inc. 
 
 Personal Finance 
 
 Board Member 

Wyze Labs, Inc. 
 
 Consumer Technology 
 
 Board Member 

Flock Safety 
 
 Automotive Technology 
 
 Board Member 

Alok Sama 
 
 Warburg Pincus LLC 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Senior Advisor 

Blue River Acquisition Corp 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 Board Member 

Valhalla Ventures 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Vice Chairman 

Kevin Turner 
 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. 
 
 Grocery 
 
 Vice Chairman 

Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Communications Infrastructure 
 
 Chairman 

EdgeConneX, Inc. 
 
 Data Center Solutions 
 
 Director 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses, on the other hand. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he is entitled to substantial compensation and has substantial time commitments, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our Sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of this Report and purchased private placement warrants in a transaction that will close simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering. 

Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our Sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may Sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or council members. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our Sponsor, officers, directors or council members, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Commencing on the date our securities are first listed on Nasdaq, we will also reimburse our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. Pursuant to our Administrative Services Agreement we may make payments or reimbursements to our Sponsor or its affiliates, for the reasonable salaries and other services provided to us prior to or in connection with our initial business combination by its employees, consultants and/or members, who may include our officers, leadership council members, senior advisors or directors, and may also pay certain fees to our Sponsor or its respective affiliates. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

We cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement, or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation Executive Officer and Director Compensation None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. Pursuant to our Administrative Services Agreement we may make payments or reimbursements to our Sponsor or its affiliates, for the reasonable salaries and other services provided to us prior to or in connection with our initial business combination by its employees, consultants and/or members, who may include our officers, leadership council members, senior advisors or directors, and may also pay certain fees to our Sponsor or its respective affiliates. In addition, our Sponsor, executive officers, directors, council members or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review periodically all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, executive officers, directors, council members or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than periodic audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and management and Related Shareholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of April 17, 2023, based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary share; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 5,228,218 Class A ordinary shares (which includes Class A ordinary shares that are underlying the units) and 7,980,409 Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of April 17, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. Voting power represents the combined voting power of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, the holders of the Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. 

Class B ordinary shares 

Class A ordinary shares 

Name of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned(2) 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Approximate Percentage of Voting Control 

Plum Partners, LLC(3) 

7,980,409 

100.0 

20.0 

Ursula Burns(3) 

7,980,409 

100.0 

20.0 

Kanishka Roy(3) 

7,980,409 

100.0 

20.0 

Mike Dinsdale(3) 

7,980,409 

100.0 

20.0 

Lane Bess(4) 

Kelly Breslin Wright(4) 

Jennifer Ceran(4) 

Alok Sama(4) 

Kevin Turner(4) 

All officers and directors as a group (8 individuals) 

7,980,409 

100.0 

20.0 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following is 2021 Fillmore St. #2089, San Francisco, California 94115. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the section entitled Description of Securities. 

(3) 
 Plum Partners, LLC is the record holder of the share reported herein. Plum Partners, LLC is controlled by Ursula Burns, Kanishka Roy and Michael Dinsdale. 

(4) 
 Does not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his or her partnership interest in our Sponsor or its affiliates. Our Sponsor has agreed (a) to vote any founder shares and public shares held by it in favor of any proposed business combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares or public shares held by it in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. Our Sponsor, officers and directors are deemed to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. Changes in Control None. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence On January 13, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares ). Up to 1,125,000 Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriter. On April 14, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option buying 1,921,634 Units thus reducing the total number of share subject to forfeiture to 644,591. On May 2, 2021, the underwriter s over-allotment option expired and 644,591 Founder Shares were forfeited to the Company. The Sponsor and the Company s directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until earliest of (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up ).Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Sponsor and the directors and executive officers with respect to any Founder Shares. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

On January 13, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of November 30, 2021, or the completion of the IPO. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no borrowings under the Note. Borrowings under this note are no longer available. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors, and third parties have committed to loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to it. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to 1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except as set forth above, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. On January 31, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Dinsdale Note in the principal amount of 500,000 to Mike Dinsdale. The Dinsdale Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of a Business Combination. The Company may draw on the Dinsdale Note from time to time, in increments of not less than 50,000, until the earlier of March 18, 2023 or the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Dinsdale Note shall not be repaid and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven. Upon the consummation of a Business Combination, the Mr. Dinsdale shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert the principal balance of the Dinsdale Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants (as defined in that certain Warrant Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company), at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant. The Dinsdale Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Dinsdale Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Dinsdale Note becoming immediately due and payable. The Dinsdale Note was issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On July 11, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Burns Note in the principal amount of 500,000 to Ursula Burns. The Burns Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination (a Business Combination ). Up to fifty percent (50 of the principal of the Burns Note may be drawn down from time to time at the Company s option prior to August 25, 2022 and any or all of the remaining undrawn principal of the Burns Note may be drawn down from time to time at the Company s option after August 25, 2022, in each case in increments of not less than 50,000. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Burns Note shall not be repaid and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven. Upon the consummation of a Business Combination, Ms. Burns shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert the principal balance of the Burns Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants (as defined in that certain Warrant Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company), at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant. The Burns Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Burns Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Burns Note becoming immediately due and payable. On March 16, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the total principal amount of up to 250,000 (the Roy Note to Mr. Kanishka Roy, individually and as a member of Plum Partners LLC. Mr. Roy funded the initial principal amount of 250,000 on March 16, 2023. The Roy Note does not bear interest and matures upon the consummation of the Company s initial business combination with one or more businesses or entities. In the event the Company does not consummate a business combination, the Roy Note will be repaid upon the Company s liquidation only from amounts remaining outside of the Company s trust account, if any. The Roy Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Roy Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Roy Note becoming immediately due and payable. The Company will pay the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the management team. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. In addition, the Company reimburses the Sponsor for the reasonable costs of salaries and other services provided to the Company by the employees, consultants and or members of the Sponsor or its affiliates. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 120,000, in fees for office space, secretarial and administrative services, respectively, of which such amounts are included in the due to related party in the accompanying balance sheets and incurred 549,198 for reimbursement of costs of costs of salaries and other services. For the period from January 11, 2021, through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred 851,053 in fees for these services, of which 736,053 was for reimbursement of costs of salaries and other services and 115,000 was for office space, secretarial and administrative services. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions The audit committee of our board of directors will adopt a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Bess, Ms. Wright, Ms. Ceran, Mr. Sama and Mr. Turner are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14 . 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 162,225 and 92,096 for the services Marcum performed in connection with the audit of our December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10K. Audit-Related Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for audit-related matters. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Tax Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. All Other Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 55 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15 . 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Balance Sheets 

F-3 

Statements of Operations 

F-4 

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated March 2, 2023.(1) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.(2) 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.(3) 

4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company.(2) 

4.2 
 
 Description of Company s Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor.(2) 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company.(2) 

10.3 
 
 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement among Company and the Sponsor.(2) 

10.4 
 
 Letter Agreement between the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors. (2) 

10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement between the Registrant and the Sponsor.(2) 

10.6 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 31, 2022, issued by Plum Acquisition Corp. I to Mike Dinsdale.(4) 

10.7 
 
 Promissory Note, dated July 11, 2022, issued by Plum Acquisition Corp. I to Ursula Burns.(5) 

10.8 
 
 Promissory Note dated March 16, 2023, by and between Plum Acquisition Corp. I and Mr. Kanishka Roy.(6) 

10.9 
 
 Sponsor Letter Agreement, dated March 2, 2023.(1) 

10.10 
 
 Company Support Agreement, dated March 2, 2023.(1) 

10.11 
 
 Forward Purchase Agreement, dated March 1, 2023.(1) 

10.12 
 
 Subscription Agreement dated March 16, 2023, by and among Plum Acquisition Corp. I, Plum Partners, LLC, and Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund.(3) 

10.13 
 
 Promissory Note in favor of Plum Partners, LLC, dated effective as of March 17, 2023. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 

101.INS 
 
 iXBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the iXBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 18, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2023. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 4, 2022. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 14, 2022. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2023. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

April 17, 2023 

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. I 

/s/ Michael Dinsdale 

Name: Michael Dinsdale 

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial 

Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Ursula Burns Ursula Burns 
 
 Chairwoman 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Mike Dinsdale Mike Dinsdale 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Kanishka Roy Kanishka Roy 
 
 President, Co-Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Lane Bess Lane Bess 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Kelly Breslin Wright Kelly Breslin Wright 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Jennifer Ceran Jennifer Ceran 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Alok Sama Alok Sama 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Kevin Turner Kevin Turner 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 
 PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. I 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID Number: 

F-2

Balance Sheets 

F-3

Statements of Operations 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 F-18

F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 Plum Acquisition Corp. I 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Plum Acquisition Corp. I (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s ability to execute its business plan is dependent upon the consummation of a business combination and it lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. Further, if the Company does not complete a business combination by June 18, 2023 or obtain approval for an extension of this deadline, it will be required to cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinio n.

/ S
/ Marcum LL

 P 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 .

April 1 7
, 2023 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. I 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31,

2022

2021

ASSETS

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Prepaid expenses non-current

Investments held in Trust Account

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE ORDINARY SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Due to related party

Convertible promissory note related party

Total current liabilities

Warrant liabilities

Deferred underwriting commissions liabilities

TOTAL LIABILITIES

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 8)

Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at and redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; ne issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE ORDINARY SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. I 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31,

For the Period

 from January 11,

 2021 (Inception) Through December 31,

2022

2021

Formation and operating expenses

Loss from operations

Other income (expense):

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities

() 
 
 Gain on expiration of over-allotment option

Interest income operating account

Termination Fee

Interest income trust account

Total other income, net

Net income

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. I 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 11, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A

 ordinary shares

Class B

 ordinary shares

Additional

 Paid-in

Accumulated

Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Deficit

Balance as of January 11, 2021

Class B ordinary shares issued to Sponsor

Forfeit of founder shares

() 

() 

Initial classification of over-allotment liability

() 

() 
 
 Partial exercise of over-allotment options

Excess cash received over fair value of private placement warrants

Net Income

Remeasurement adjustment of carrying value to redemption value

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021

Remeasurement adjustment of carrying value to Class A ordinary shares to redemption value

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance as of December 31, 2022

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. I 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31,

For the Period

 from January

 11, 2021

 (Inception)

 Through

 December 31,

2022

2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account

() 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

() 

() 
 
 Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities

Gain on expiration of over-allotment option

() 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expense

() 
 
 Due to related party

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Investments held in Trust

() 

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from sale of ordinary shares to Sponsor

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of offering costs

Proceeds from issuance of Private Placement Warrants

Payment of offering costs

() 
 
 Proceeds from promissory note related party

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net Change in Cash

Cash Beginning of period

Cash End of period

Non-Cash
 investing and financing activities:

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount

Deferred underwriting commissions payable charged to additional paid in capital

Forfeiture of founder shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-6 

Table of Contents 

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. I 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

units (the Units), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in 
 Note 3. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, which is discussed in Note 4. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 
 
 The Company granted the underwriter a 
 
 -day
 option from March 18, 2021 to purchase up to an additional 
 Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. 

The underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option on April 14, 2021 and purchased Units at per Unit. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Units on April 14, 2021, the Company consummated the private placement with the Sponsor for an aggregate of warrants to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares for per warrant generating total proceeds of . On April 14, 2021, , net of the underwriter discount, was deposited in the Company s Trust account. 
 A total of was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. Transaction costs of the IPO and the exercise of the over-allotment option amounted to consisting of of underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting discount, and of other offering costs. Of the transaction costs, is included in transaction costs on the statements of operations and is included in equity shareholders deficit. 

Following the closing of the Public Offering on March 18, 2021 and the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option, 

 (approximately per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Public Offering, including the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, was deposited in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States at Goldman Sachs, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and was invested in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
 under the Investment Company Act which invests only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will not be released from the Trust Account (1) to the Company, until the completion of our initial Business Combination, or (2) to the Public Shareholders, until the earliest of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholders properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of its Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the public shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) 
(the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of the public shares if the Company has not consummated its Business Combination within the Combination Period, subject to applicable law. Public Shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Public Shareholders (as defined below). 

, sold in the IPO (the Public Shares ), with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding Public Shares, subject to certain limitations. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be per Public Share.
 These Public Shares have been classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company receives
 the approval of an ordinary resolution. 
 The Company will have to June 18, 2023, or until March 18, 2024, if elected to extend the Termination Date up to nine times by an additional one month each time, to complete an initial Business Combination. However, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and its board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 
 The Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of the Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of its public shares if the Company does not complete our initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares, (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to consummate an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame) and (iv) vote their Founder Shares and public shares in favor of our initial Business Combination. 
 Liquidity, Capital Resources, and Going Concern 

The Company s liquidity needs up to March 18, 2021 had been satisfied through a capital contribution from the Sponsor of (see Note 5) for the Founder Shares. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors, and third parties have committed to provide the Company Working Capital Loans (see Note 5). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 

 outstanding under Working Capital Loans. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in its operating bank account and a working capital deficit of . 
 In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC 205-40,
 Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern , management has determined that the Company has and will continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Accounts. In addition, following our initial Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 
 Further, management has determined that if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by June 18, 2023 or by March 18, 2024 if the Board of Directors adopts resolutions, upon request of the Sponsor, to extend the Termination Date up to nine times by an additional one month each time 

(the Combination Period ), then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution as well as the Company s working capital deficit raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after the Combination Period. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. 
 Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19
 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively, of investments held in a money market fund characterized as Level 1 investments within the fair value hierarchy under ASC 820 (as defined below). The Company classifies its money market fund as trading securities in accordance with ASC 320 Investments Debt and Equity Securities. 
 . The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

() 
 
 Ordinary share issuance costs

() 
 
 Plus:

Remeasurement adjustment of carrying value to redemption value

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021

Plus:

Remeasurement adjustment of carrying value to redemption value

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022

ordinary shares for outstanding warrants to purchase the Company s shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the period. 

Denominator

Weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per share

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, and one-fifth
 of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). 
 On April 14, 2021, the Company sold an additional Units at a purchase price of per Unit, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fifth
 of one redeemable warrant. 
 All of the Class A ordinary share sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99,

 redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary share subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 
 The Class A ordinary share is subject to SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99.

 If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable ordinary share resulted in charges against additional paid-in
 capital and accumulated deficit. 
 Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Units on April 14, 2021, the Company consummated the private placement with the Sponsor for an aggregate of warrants to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares for per warrant generating total proceeds of . A portion of the proceeds from the private placements were added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 
 The Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in the IPO. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions to the Company s officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants) and they will not be redeemable by the Company so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. 
 If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in the IPO. 
 , or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for Class B ordinary shares, par value per share (the Founder Shares ). Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriter. On April 14, 2021 the underwriter partially exercised its
 over-allotment option buying Units thus reducing the total number of share subject to forfeiture to . On May 2, 2021 the underwriter s over-allotment option expired and 

 Founder Shares were forfeited to the Company. 
 The Sponsor and the Company s directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until earliest of (A) after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
 day period commencing at least days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up ).
 Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Sponsor and the directors and executive officers with respect to any Founder Shares. 

to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note. This loan is n-interest
 bearing and payable on the earlier of November 30, 2021 or the completion of the IPO. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has borrowings under the Note. Borrowings under this note are no longer available. 
 Working Capital Loans 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors, and third parties have committed to loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to it. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to 

 of the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except as set forth above, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination, the Company does not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor its affiliates or any members of the Company s management team as the Company does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Company s Trust Account. 
 On January 31, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note in the principal amount of to Mike Dinsdale (the Payee ). The Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. The Company may draw on the Note from time to time, in increments of not less than , until the earlier of March 18, 2023 or the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Note shall not be repaid and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven. Upon the consummation of a Business Combination, the Payee shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert the principal balance of the Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants (as defined in that certain Warrant Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company), at a price of per private placement warrant. The Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Note becoming immediately due and payable. 
 On July 11, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Second Note in the principal amount of to Ursula Burns (the Second Payee ). The Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. Up to fifty percent of the principal of the Note may be drawn down from time to time at the Company s option prior to August 25, 2022 and any or all of the remaining undrawn principal of the Note may be drawn down from time to time at the Company s option after August 25, 2022, in each case in increments of not less than . If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Second Note shall not be repaid and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven. Upon the consummation of a Business Combination, the Second Payee shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert the principal balance of the Second Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants, at a price of per private placement warrant. The Second Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Second Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Second Note becoming immediately due and payable. 
 The Note and Second Note are reported at cost in the financial statements as the fair value adjustment associated with the conversion is deemed to be immaterial. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowings under the Note and Second Note. 
 On March 16, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the total principal amount of up to (the Promissory Note to Mr. Kanishka Roy, individually and as a member of Plum Partners LLC. Mr. Roy funded the initial principal amount of on March 16, 2023. The Promissory Note does not bear interest and matures upon the consummation of Plum s initial business combination with one or more businesses or entities. In the event Plum does not consummate a business combination, the Promissory Note will be repaid upon Plum s liquidation only from amounts remaining outside of Plum s trust account, if any. The Promissory Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Promissory Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Promissory Note becoming immediately due and payable.

Administrative Support Agreement 

The Company will pay the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the management team. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. In addition, the Company reimburses the Sponsor for the reasonable costs of salaries and other services provided to the Company by the employees, consultants and or members of the Sponsor or its affiliates. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred , in fees for office space, secretarial and administrative services, respectively, of which such amounts are included in the due to related party in the accompanying balance sheets and incurred for reimbursement of costs of salaries and other services. For the period from January 1
1, 202 1
 through December 31, 202 1
, the Company incurred 

 in fees for these services, of which was for reimbursement of costs of salaries and other services and was for office space, secretarial and administrative services. 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 per share, subject to adjustment, at any time commencing days after the completion of the initial Business Combination; provided that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. The warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement, provided that if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (as defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) . The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 
 In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 
 Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 

 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within a -trading
 day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 

 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined above); 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within the -trading
 day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any trading days within a -trading
 day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 

per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 
 million and million in U.S. Money Market funds, respectively. The Company considers all investments with original maturities of more than but less than to be short-term investments. 
 Fair values of the Company s investments are classified as Level 1 utilizing quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets. 
 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 

The Company s permitted investments consist of U.S. Money Market funds. Fair values of these investments are determined by Level 1 inputs utilizing quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets. The Company s initial value of the warrant liability was based on a valuation model utilizing management judgment and pricing inputs from observable and unobservable markets with less volume and transaction frequency than active markets and classified as level 3. The subsequent measurement of the Public Warran ts is c
lassified as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market price of these warrants. The subsequent measurement of the Private Warrants is classified as Level 2 because these warrants are economically equivalent to the Public warrants, based on the terms of the Private Warrant agreement, and as such their value is principally derived by the value of the Public Warrants. Significant deviations from these estimates and inputs could result in a material change in fair value. At December 31, 2021, the Company reclassified the Public Warrants and Private Warrants from Level 3 to Level 1 and Level 2, respectively. 
 The fair value of the sponsor loan conversion option was as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the public warrant trading price was deeply below the conversion price making the call option on warrants embedded in the convertible note have de minis value. There was no change in fair value or transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The overallotment liability is measured at fair value using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model with significant unobservable inputs. The fair value is based on the share price of the underlying shares and a number of assumptions, including expected volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. Therefore, the overallotment liability is considered to be a Level 3 financial instrument. There was overallotment liability outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 

Liabilities

Sponsor Loan Conversion Option

Public warrant liability

Private warrant liability

Total

December 31, 2021

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Assets

Investments held in Trust Account U.S. Money Market

Liabilities

Public warrant liability

Private warrant liability

Total

If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

Issuance due to IPO at March 18, 2021

Issuance of over-allotment option

Issuance of overallotment warrant placements (public and private)

Partial exercise of over-allotment option

() 
 
 Reclassification of Private Warrants to Level 2 (1)

() 
 
 Reclassification of Public Warrants to Level 1 (1)

() 
 
 Expiration of over-allotment option

() 
 
 Change in fair value

() 

Fair Value at December 31, 2021

(1) 
 These warrants were reclassified on June 30, 2021 
 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 
 Underwriting Agreement 

The Company granted the underwriter a -day
 option from March 18, 2021 to purchase up to an additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option and, on April 14, 2021, the underwriter purchased 

 Units. 

On March 18, 2021, the Company paid the underwriter s fee of

 upon the closing of the IPO. Upon partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company paid to the underwriter. 

In addition, the Underwriting Agreement provides 

 to be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions. However, as discussed in Note 10, Subsequent Events, herein, the underwriter, Goldman Sachs, waived any entitlement it has to such commissions under the Underwriting Agreement. 

Service Provider Agreements 

From time to time the Company has entered into and may enter into agreements with various services providers and advisors, including investment banks, to help us identify targets, negotiate terms of potential Business Combinations, consummate a Business Combination and/or provide other services. In connection with these agreements, the Company may be required to pay such service providers and advisors fees in connection with their services to the extent that certain conditions, including the closing of a potential Business Combination, are met. If a Business Combination does not occur, the Company would not expect to be required to pay these contingent fees. There can be no assurance that the Company will complete a Business Combination. 
 Release Agreement 

On October 31, 2022, the Company entered into a termination agreement with a potential party to a business combination Target ), pursuant to which the Company and Target agreed to release each other from any obligations and claims related to a certain Amended and Restated Non-Binding Term Sheet, dated as of June 22, 2022 Term Sheet ), and related Term Sheet Extension Letter Agreements, dated July 18, 2022, July 22, 2022, August 1, 2022, and August 8, 2022. 

preference shares at par value of , with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares at par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding, excluding shares of Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption. 
 Class

B Ordinary Shares

The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B Ordinary Shares at par value of per share. Holders are entitled to vote for each Class B ordinary share. With the underwriter s
 over-allotment option expiring in May 2021 partially unexercised, the initial shareholders forfeited to the Company for consideration so that the initial shareholders would collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the IPO. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding. 
 Unless specified in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by its shareholders. 
 The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination) at the time of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
 basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than .

(the Redemption Limitation in order to allow Plum to redeem Public Shares irrespective of whether such redemption would exceed the Redemption Limitation (the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal ). The shareholders of Plum approved the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal at the Shareholder Meeting and on March 15, 2023, Plum filed the amendment to the Articles with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands. 

In connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, the holders of Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of . 

Business Combination Agreement 

On March 2, 2023, Plum entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as may be amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, collectively, the Business Combination ), by and among Plum, Sakuu Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), Plum SPAC 1 Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Plum Merger Sub I ), and Plum SPAC 2 Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Plum Merger Sub II ). 

Subject to its terms and conditions, the Business Combination Agreement provides that (a) on the day of the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing ), Plum will change its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering and transferring by way of continuation as a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware Domestication ), change its name to Sakuu Holdings, Inc. , and amend its governing documents to become the Post-Closing Certificate of Incorporation and Post-Closing Bylaws (as such terms are defined in the Business Combination Agreement), (b) following the Domestication and upon the filing of the Certificate of First Merger (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), Merger Sub I will merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Plum First Merger ), and (c) immediately following the First Merger and upon the filing of the Certificate of Second Merger (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), the Company will merge with and into Merger Sub II, with Merger Sub II surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Plum Second Merger ). 

Subscription Agreement 

As disclosed in the definitive proxy statement filed by Plum with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2023 (the Proxy Statement ), relating to the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Plum (the Shareholder Meeting ), Plum Partners, LLC (the Sponsor agreed that if the Extension Amendment Proposal (as defined below) is approved, it or one or more of its affiliates, members or third-party designees (the Lender will deposit into the trust account established in connection with Plum s initial public offering (the Trust Account the lesser of (A) or (B) for each Class A ordinary share, par value per share (each a Public Share remaining after the holders of Plum s Public Shares elected to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares (the Redemption ), in exchange for a non-interest bearing,
 unsecured promissory note issued by Plum to the Lender. 
 In addition, in the event that Plum has not consummated an initial business combination Business Combination by the Articles Extension Date (defined below), without approval of Plum s public shareholders, Plum may, by resolution of the Board, if requested by the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable Termination Date (as defined below), extend the Termination Date up to nine times, each by one additional month (for a total of up to nine additional months to complete a Business Combination), provided that the Lender will deposit into the Trust Account for each such monthly extension, the lesser of (A) or (B) for each Public Share remaining after the Redemption, in exchange for a non-interest bearing,
 unsecured promissory note issued by Plum to the Lender. 
 Accordingly, on March 16, 2023, Plum entered into a subscription agreement Subscription Agreement with Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund (the Investor and the Sponsor (collectively, the Parties ), the purpose of which is for the Sponsor to raise up to from the Investor to fund the Articles Extension (defined below) and to provide working capital to Plum during the Articles Extension Investor s Capital Commitment ). As such, subject to, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Subscription Agreement, the Parties agreed, 

(a) 
 from time to time, Plum will request funds from the Sponsor for working capital purposes or for the Sponsor to fund an extension payment pursuant to Plum s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (each a Drawdown Request ). The Sponsor, upon on at least five (5) calendar days prior written notice Capital Notice ), may require a drawdown against the Investor s Capital Commitment under a Drawdown Request (each a Capital Call 

the Investor funds pursuant to the Capital Call(s) (the Subscription Shares to the Investor at the closing of the Business Combination (the Business Combination Closing ). The Subscription Shares shall be subject to the Lock-Up Period
 as defined in section 5 of the Sponsor Letter Agreement dated March 2, 2023 (the Letter Agreement ). The Subscription Shares shall not be subject to any additional transfer restrictions or any additional lock-up provisions,
 earn outs, or other contingencies and shall promptly be registered pursuant to the first registration statement filed by Plum or the surviving entity in relation to the Business Combination; 

(c) 
 each member of the Sponsor has the right to contribute any amount requested under each Drawdown Request Sponsor Capital Contribution ), provided that such Sponsor Capital Contributions will be made on terms no more favorable than the Investor s Capital Commitment. In addition, Plum and Sponsor maintain the ability to enter into other agreements with each other or with other parties which shall provide for funding of Plum (through the issuance of equity, entry into promissory notes, or otherwise) outside of Drawdown Requests, provided that the terms of any such agreement between Plum or Sponsor with each other or any party or parties will be no more favorable than the terms under this Agreement; 

(d) 
 any amounts funded by the Sponsor to Plum under a Drawdown Request shall not accrue interest and shall be promptly repaid by Plum to the Sponsor upon the Business Combination Closing. Following receipt of such sums from Plum, and in any event within 5 business days of the Business Combination Closing, the Sponsor or Company shall pay to the Investor, an amount equal to all Capital Calls funded under the Subscription Agreement (the Business Combination Payment ). The Investor may elect at the Business Combination Closing to receive such Business Combination Payment in cash or Class A ordinary shares at a rate of 
 funded under the Subscription Agreement. If Plum liquidates without consummating the Business Combination, any amounts remaining in the Sponsor or Company s cash accounts, not including Plum s Trust Account, will be paid to the Investor within five (5) days of the liquidation; and 

(e) 
 on the Business Combination Closing, the Sponsor will pay the Investor an amount equal to the reasonable attorney fees incurred by the Investor in connection with the Subscription Agreement not to exceed . 
 Promissory Note 

On March 16, 2023, Plum issued an unsecured promissory note in the total principal amount of up to (the Promissory Note to Mr. Kanishka Roy, individually and as a member of Plum Partners LLC. Mr. Roy funded the initial principal amount of on March 16, 2023. The Promissory Note does not bear interest and matures upon the consummation of Plum s initial business combination with one or more businesses or entities. In the event Plum does not consummate a business combination, the Promissory Note will be repaid upon Plum s liquidation only from amounts remaining outside of Plum s trust account, if any. The Promissory Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Promissory Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Promissory Note becoming immediately due and payable.
 Waiver of Deferred Underwriting Discount 

On January 16, 2023, Goldman Sachs, the underwriter of the Company s initial public offering, waived any entitlement it had to its deferred underwriting discount in the amount of . In doing so, Goldman Sachs did not forfeit or waive any claim or right it otherwise has under the certain Underwriting Agreement dated March 15, 2021. 

F-18

<EX-4.2>
 2
 d485721dex42.htm
 EX-4.2

EX-4.2 

Exhibit 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES We are a
Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, we are authorized to issue 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes the
material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 
 Units Each unit consists of one
Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to
adjustment as described below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement that governs the warrants (the warrant agreement ), a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary shares.
This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. Holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate
their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units
and only whole warrants will trade. Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after
completion of our initial business combination. Ordinary Shares 
 Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders
of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter
voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that are voted,
and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company.
Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors,
with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of
funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of
directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds 
of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our shareholder meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. 
 Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were
to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we will be authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on
the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors is
divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC (the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies
Act for us to hold annual or shareholder meetings to elect directors. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial
business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our
founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all
or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated
as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the
then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. 

The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to
valid redeem its shares. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them
in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 27 months from the closing of the initial public offering IPO (or up to 36 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business
combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirements, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If,
however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to
redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary
shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. However, the participation of our Sponsor, officers, directors, council members or their
affiliates in privately negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business
combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is
obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days notice will be given of any shareholder meeting. 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in
concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary shares sold in our IPO, which we refer to as the
Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to
redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market.
Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding
15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. If we seek
shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business
combination. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their
public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 36 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a
 per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay
our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the
right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an
agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 27 months
from the closing of the IPO or up to 36 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any
public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the
consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable
Cayman Islands law. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled
to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or
other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the
completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder Shares 
 The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included
in the units sold in the IPO, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (a) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the
election of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (b) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below;
(c) our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares (ii) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 27 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 36 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of
holders of our Class A ordinary shares; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 27 months
from the closing of the IPO or up to 36 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any
public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (d) the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business
combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein; and (e) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a
majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have
agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will automatically convert into
Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial business
combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate,
on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares
issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding
any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement
warrants issued to our Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. Except as described herein, our Sponsor and our directors and
executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination,
(x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction
that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our Sponsor and our
directors and executive officers with respect to any founder shares. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will
have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a
majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two- thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our shareholder meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter
submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with
each share entitling the holder to one vote. Register of Members 
 Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or
agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 
 Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will
raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the
register of members. Upon the closing of this public offering, the register of members was updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members was updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members shall be deemed
to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal
position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an
application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court.
 Preference Shares Our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association authorize 1,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if
any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to,
without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of
directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the
date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference shares were issued or registered in the IPO. 

Warrants 
 Public Shareholders Warrants Each whole
warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one year from the closing of the IPO and 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary
shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five years after the
completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to
deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares
underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be
exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the
securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be
entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the
purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 
 We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use
our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A
ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that
they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in
accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the
shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the
initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not
available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of
Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (as defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair market
value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant
agent. Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 . Once the warrants become
exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as
adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20
trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the
warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant
premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date.
However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading
 Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we
may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders
will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A
ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; 

if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share
(as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any
20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of
shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments ), the private placement warrants must also be
concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. Beginning on the date the
notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder
will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders
elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the
date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our
warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. 
 Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into
which the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of
Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 
 The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a
warrant or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column
headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of
which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. If
the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the
unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00
and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease
in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

Redemption Date (period to
expiration of warrants) 
 
 Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares 

10.00 

11.00 

12.00 

13.00 

14.00 

15.00 

16.00 

17.00 

18.00 

60 months 

0.261 

0.281 

0.297 

0.311 

0.324 

0.337 

0.348 

0.358 

0.361 

57 months 

0.257 

0.277 

0.294 

0.310 

0.324 

0.337 

0.348 

0.358 

0.361 

54 months 

0.252 

0.272 

0.291 

0.307 

0.322 

0.335 

0.347 

0.357 

0.361 

51 months 

0.246 

0.268 

0.287 

0.304 

0.320 

0.333 

0.346 

0.357 

0.361 

48 months 

0.241 

0.263 

0.283 

0.301 

0.317 

0.332 

0.344 

0.356 

0.361 

45 months 

0.235 

0.258 

0.279 

0.298 

0.315 

0.330 

0.343 

0.356 

0.361 

42 months 

0.228 

0.252 

0.274 

0.294 

0.312 

0.328 

0.342 

0.355 

0.361 

39 months 

0.221 

0.246 

0.269 

0.290 

0.309 

0.325 

0.340 

0.354 

0.361 

36 months 

0.213 

0.239 

0.263 

0.285 

0.305 

0.323 

0.339 

0.353 

0.361 

33 months 

0.205 

0.232 

0.257 

0.280 

0.301 

0.320 

0.337 

0.352 

0.361 

30 months 

0.196 

0.224 

0.250 

0.274 

0.297 

0.316 

0.335 

0.351 

0.361 

27 months 

0.185 

0.214 

0.242 

0.268 

0.291 

0.313 

0.332 

0.350 

0.361 

24 months 

0.173 

0.204 

0.233 

0.260 

0.285 

0.308 

0.329 

0.348 

0.361 

21 months 

0.161 

0.193 

0.223 

0.252 

0.279 

0.304 

0.326 

0.347 

0.361 

18 months 

0.146 

0.179 

0.211 

0.242 

0.271 

0.298 

0.322 

0.345 

0.361 

15 months 

0.130 

0.164 

0.197 

0.230 

0.262 

0.291 

0.317 

0.342 

0.361 

12 months 

0.111 

0.146 

0.181 

0.216 

0.250 

0.282 

0.312 

0.339 

0.361 

9 months 

0.090 

0.125 

0.162 

0.199 

0.237 

0.272 

0.305 

0.336 

0.361 

6 months 

0.065 

0.099 

0.137 

0.178 

0.219 

0.259 

0.296 

0.331 

0.361 

3 months 

0.034 

0.065 

0.104 

0.150 

0.197 

0.243 

0.286 

0.326 

0.361 

0 months 

0.042 

0.115 

0.179 

0.233 

0.281 

0.323 

0.361 
 
 The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market
value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation
between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the
volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57
months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value
and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for
each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 

Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they
cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares. 
 This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a
redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A ordinary shares exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all
of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the
warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of warrants when the
price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an
option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of the prospectus related to the IPO. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty
as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it
will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure
to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary
shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant
holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher
than the exercise price of 11.50. No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled
to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other
than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become
exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the Company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants.
 Redemption Procedures . A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will
not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 
(or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments . If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend paid in
Class A ordinary shares to all or substantially all holders of Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such
capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding
Class A ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined
below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold
in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical
fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into
account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as
reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such
rights. In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or
other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above,
(b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day 
period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the
exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to
satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a
shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in
connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 36 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend
the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, (e) as a result of the repurchase of Class A ordinary shares by
us if a proposed initial business combination is presented to our shareholders for approval, or (f) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise
price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination,
reverse share split or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A
ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 
 Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price
will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants
immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the
closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of
any such issuance to our Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds
from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the
 Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger
price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds
 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the
price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 
 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the
par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any
reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in
connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares
immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification,
reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such
holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will
become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made
to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon
completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together
with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b- 2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially
(within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of
cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the
Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the
adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity
that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted
immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant
agreement based on the Black- Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during
the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the
consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the
prospectus related to the IPO, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions
with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants,
provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement for a
complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of
ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each
share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole
warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to
the warrant holder. 

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or
relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which
jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See Risk Factors Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of
New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our
company. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 
 Private Placement Warrants Except as described
below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in the IPO. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of
the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under Principal
Shareholders Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants) and they will not be redeemable
by us (except as described under Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its
permitted transferees (except as otherwise set forth herein). Our Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than
our Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in the IPO. Any amendment to
the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants.
 Except as described above under Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share
equals or exceeds 10.00, if holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Sponsor fair market value over the exercise price of the warrants by
(y) the Sponsor fair market value. For these purposes, the Sponsor fair market value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to
the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our Sponsor and its permitted transferees is
because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to
have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if
he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise
freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is
appropriate. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our
Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity
at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 
 Dividends We have not paid any cash
dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any,
capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of
directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 
 Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The
transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and
warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any
gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Certain Differences in Corporate Law 
 Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory
enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to
companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. Mergers and Similar Arrangements . In certain circumstances, the Companies Act
allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company
must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan of merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 662/3 in value of the
voting shares voted at a shareholder meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required
for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a
constituent company must be obtained unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with,
the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure
is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out
below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those
laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate
the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part
thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 
 Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a
declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is
bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval
to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign
company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant
foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. 
 Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares
upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company
before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the
merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the
constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of
the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written
offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company
must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting
shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of
their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined
to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not
available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the
consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 
 Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances,
schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In
the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in
question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the
case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman
Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions
as to majority vote have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act
or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is
approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting
shareholders of United States corporations. 

Squeeze-out Provisions . When a takeover offer is made and
accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the
terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 
 Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these
statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. 
 Shareholders Suits . Our Cayman Islands counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court.
Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and
a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be
applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by
more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 
 A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed.
 Enforcement of Civil Liabilities . The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less
protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. We have been
advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal
securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States
or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman
Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation
to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of
taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the
public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 
 Special Considerations for Exempted Companies . We are an exempted company with limited liability (meaning our public shareholders have no liability, as
members of the company, for liabilities of the company over and above the amount paid for their shares) under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is
registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for
the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

annual reporting requirements are minimal and consist mainly of a statement that the company has conducted its
operations mainly outside of the Cayman Islands and has complied with the provisions of the Companies Act; 

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual shareholder meeting; 

an exempted company may issue negotiable or bearer shares or shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings
are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman
Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association . Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions
designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to the IPO that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a
matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a
company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a shareholder meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or
(ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two- thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under
Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our Sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary
shares upon the closing of the IPO (assuming it does not purchase any units in the IPO, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they
choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to
36 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more
than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that
would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in
connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond
27 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 36 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

Although we do not intend to enter a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our
Sponsor, our directors, our officers or our council members, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking
firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and
will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required
under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

So long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more
target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust
account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 27 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 36 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our
taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar
company with nominal operations. The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and
articles of association with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and
vote at a shareholder meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any
Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our
proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or
directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Cayman Islands 
 To comply with legislation or regulations aimed at the prevention of money laundering, we are required to adopt and maintain anti-money laundering procedures
and may require subscribers to provide evidence to verify their identity and source of funds. Where permitted, and subject to certain conditions, we may also delegate the maintenance of our anti-money laundering procedures (including the acquisition
of due diligence information) to a suitable person. 

We reserve the right to request such information as is necessary to verify the identity of a subscriber. In
some cases the directors may be satisfied that no further information is required since an exemption applies under the Anti- Money Laundering Regulations (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended and revised from time to time (the
 Regulations ). Depending on the circumstances of each application, a detailed verification of identity might not be required where: 

a) 
 the subscriber is a relevant financial business required to comply with the Anti-Money Laundering Regulations
(As Revised) or is a majority-owned subsidiary of such a business; or 

b) 
 the subscriber is acting in the course of a business in relation to which a regulatory authority exercises
regulatory functions, and which is in a country listed by the Cayman Islands Anti-Money Laundering Steering Committee Equivalent Jurisdiction or is a majority-owned subsidiary of such subscriber; or 

c) 
 the subscriber is a central or local government organization, statutory body or agency of government in the
Cayman Islands or an Equivalent Jurisdiction; or 

d) 
 the subscriber is a company that is listed on a recognized stock exchange and subject to disclosure
requirements which impose requirements to ensure adequate transparency of beneficial ownership, or is a majority-owned subsidiary of such a company; or 

e) 
 the subscriber is a pension fund for a professional association, trade union or is acting on behalf of
employees of an entity referred to in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d); or 

f) 
 the application is made through an intermediary which falls within one of
 sub-paragraphs (a) to (e). In this situation the company may rely on a written assurance from the intermediary which confirms (i) that the requisite identification and verification procedures on the
applicant for business and its beneficial owners have been carried out; (ii) the nature and intended purpose of the business relationship; (iii) that the intermediary has identified the source of funds of the applicant for business; and
(iv) that the intermediary shall make available copies of any identification and verification data or information and relevant documents. 
 For the purposes of these exceptions, recognition of a financial institution, regulatory authority or jurisdiction will be determined in accordance with the
Regulations by reference to those jurisdictions recognized by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority as having equivalent anti-money laundering regulations. 
 In the event of delay or failure on the part of the subscriber in producing any information required for verification purposes, we may refuse to accept the
application, in which case any funds received will be returned without interest to the account from which they were originally debited. We also reserve
the right to refuse to make any payment to a shareholder if our directors or officers suspect or are advised that the payment to such shareholder might result in a breach of applicable anti-money laundering or other laws or regulations by any person
in any relevant jurisdiction, or if such refusal is considered necessary or appropriate to ensure our compliance with any such laws or regulations in any applicable jurisdiction. 
 If any person resident in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person is engaged in
criminal conduct or is involved with terrorism or terrorist property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector or other trade, profession, business or employment,
the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Law (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal
conduct or money laundering or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with
terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report will not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. 
 Data Protection Cayman Islands We
have certain duties under the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Data Protection Act based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. 
 Privacy Notice Introduction
 This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the Company, you will provide us with certain personal
information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the Data Protection Act personal data ). In the following discussion, the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context
requires otherwise. Investor Data We will
collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain
personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of
the Data Protection Act and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage
to the personal data. In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection
Act, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the Data Protection Act or may process personal
information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us. We may also obtain personal data from other public sources.
Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact
information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment
activity. 

Who this Affects 
 If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts
or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this
Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. How the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data 
 The company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: 

a) 
 where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements;

b) 
 where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as
compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or 

c) 
 where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by
your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms. Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if
applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data 
 In certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory
authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. 
 We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located
outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. The Data
Protection Measures We Take Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands
shall be in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act. We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate
technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. 
 We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data
subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. Certain Anti-takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors is classified into three
classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual shareholder meetings. 
 Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could
be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference
shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 Listing of Securities Our units,
Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols PLMI U, PLMI and PLMI W, respectively. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.13>
 3
 d485721dex1013.htm
 EX-10.13

EX-10.13 

Exhibit 10.13 
 THIS PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ).
THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE
TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: up to 1,500,000 
 
 Dated effective as of March 17, 2023 
 (as set forth on the Schedule of Borrowings attached hereto) 
 Plum Acquisition Corp. I, a Cayman Islands exempted company and blank check company (the Maker ), promises to pay to the
order of Plum Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee ), or order, the principal sum of up to one million five hundred thousand U.S. dollars 1,500,000)
(as set forth on the Schedule of Borrowings attached hereto) in lawful money of the United States of America (the Maximum Amount ), on the terms and conditions described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or
wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note 
 1. Principal . The principal balance of this Note shall be payable by Maker on the
earlier of: (i) March 18, 2024 (the Maturity Date or (ii) the date on which the Maker consummates an initial business combination (the Business Combination ). The principal balance may be prepaid
at any time. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities of Maker hereunder. 
 2. Interest . No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 
 3. Drawdown Request s. Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request from the
Payee or its affiliates up to the Maximum Amount for costs reasonably related to Maker s operations, including consummation of the Business Combination. The principal of this Note may be drawn down from time to time prior to the earlier of:
(i) March 18, 2024; or (ii) the date on which Maker consummates an initial business combination, upon written request from Maker to Payee (each, a Drawdown Request ). Each Drawdown Request must state the amount to be
drawn down and must not be an amount less than Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000), unless agreed upon by Maker and Payee. Payee shall fund each Drawdown Request no later than five business days after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided, however,
that the maximum amount of drawdowns collectively under this Note shall not exceed the Maximum Amount. Once an amount is drawn down under this Note, such amount shall not be available for future Drawdown Requests, even if such amount is prepaid. No
fees, payments or other amounts shall be due to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all payments shall be applied, first, to payment in full of any costs incurred in the
collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorneys fees, and second, to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 
 4. Application of Payments . All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of
any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this
Note. 
 1 

5. Conversion . 
 a. At the date of the Business Combination or upon the Maker s discretion, the Payee
shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert the principal balance of this Note, in whole or in part at the option of the Payee, into warrants of the Maker at a price of 1.50 per Warrant Conversion Warrants ),
which Conversion Warrants shall be substantially identical to the private placement warrants described in the prospectus of the Maker dated March 15, 2021. The Conversion Warrants and their underlying securities, and any other equity security
of Maker issued or issuable with respect to the foregoing by way of a share dividend or share split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization, shall be entitled to the registration
rights set forth in Section 16 hereof. b. Upon any complete or partial conversion of
the principal amount of this Note, (i) such principal amount shall be so converted and such converted portion of this Note shall become fully paid and satisfied, (ii) Payee shall surrender and deliver this Note, duly endorsed, to Maker or
such other address which Maker shall designate against delivery of the Conversion Warrants , (iii) Maker shall promptly deliver a new duly executed Note to Payee in the principal amount that remains outstanding, if any, after any such conversion and
(iv) in exchange for all or any portion of the surrendered Note, and simultaneous with the surrender of the Note, Maker shall, at the direction of Payee, deliver to Payee (or its members or their respective affiliates) (Payee, or such other
persons, are known herein as the Holder or Holders the Conversion Warrants, which shall bear such legends as are required in the opinion of legal counsel to Maker (or by any other agreement between Maker and
Payee) and applicable state and federal securities laws, rules and regulations. c. The
Holders shall pay any and all issue and other taxes that may be payable with respect to any issue or delivery of the Conversion Warrants upon conversion of this Note pursuant hereto; provided, however, that the Holders shall not be obligated to pay
any transfer taxes resulting from any transfer requested by the Holders in connection with any such conversion. 
 6. Events of Default . The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): a. Failure to Make Required Payments .
Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of the date specified above. 
 b. Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official)
of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action by Maker in
furtherance of any of the foregoing. c. Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of
a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian,
trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order
unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days. 7. Remedies . 
 a. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 6(a) hereof, Payee
may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable thereunder, shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand,
protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 
 b. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 6(b) and 6(c), the unpaid
principal balance of this Note, and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on the part of Payee. 
 2 

8. Waivers . Maker and all endorsers
and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the
terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale
under execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of
execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 
 9. Unconditional Liability . Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the
delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any
indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other
provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 
 10. Notices . All notices, statements or other documents which are required or
contemplated by this Agreement shall be: (i) in writing and delivered personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address designated in writing;
(ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number as may be designated in writing by such party; and (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to
such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day
following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail. 
 11. Construction . THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS
OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF. 
 12. Severability . Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any
jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 13. Trust Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby
waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account in which the proceeds of the IPO conducted by the Maker (including the deferred underwriters discounts
and commissions) and certain of the proceeds of the sale of the warrants issued in a private placement in connection with the consummation of the IPO were deposited, as described in greater detail in the registration statement and prospectus filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. 
 14. Amendment; Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be
made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker and the Payee. 
 15. Assignment . No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations
hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void. 
 16. Registration Rights . 
 a. Reference is made to that certain Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement between the
Maker and the parties thereto, dated as of March 18, 2021 (the Registration Rights Agreement ). All capitalized terms used in this Section 16 shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Registration Rights
Agreement. The Conversion Warrants constitute Working Capital Warrants under the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 b. The Holders of the Conversion Warrants and their underlying securities shall be entitled to
the same rights as holders of Working Capital Warrants and their underlying securities pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 3 

[Signature Page Follows] 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be
duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written. 

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. I a Cayman
Islands exempted company 

By: 
 
 /s/ Kanishka Roy 
 
 Name: 
 
 Kanishka Roy 
 
 Title: 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

5 

SCHEDULE OF BORROWINGS 
 The following increases or decreases in this Promissory Note have been made: 

Date of Increase or Decrease 
 
 Amount of decrease in Principal Amount of this Promissory Note 
 
 Amount of increase in Principal Amount of this Promissory Note 
 
 Principal Amount of this Promissory Note following such decrease or increase 

March 17, 2023 
 
 480,000.00 

480,000.00 
 
 6 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 d485721dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 I, Kanishka Roy, certify that: 1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Plum Acquisition Corp. I; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f))
for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, which involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Kanishka Roy 
 
 Kanishka Roy 
 
 President and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 d485721dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Michael Dinsdale, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Plum
Acquisition Corp. I; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f))
for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Michael Dinsdale 
 
 Michael Dinsdale 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 d485721dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Kanishka Roy, Co-Chief Executive Officer and President of Plum Acquisition Corp. I (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 
 1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of
the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 
 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Kanishka Roy 
 
 Kanishka Roy 
 
 President and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 d485721dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Michael Dinsdale, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Plum Acquisition Corp. I (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 
 1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of
the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 
 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Michael Dinsdale 
 
 Michael Dinsdale 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 plmi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 plmi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 plmi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 plmi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

