<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230530_10-K_edgar_data_758743_0001193125-23-156706.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5830227</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>115624</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1031927</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1896313</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1372484</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1220854</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-156706.hdr.sgml : 20230530
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230530171321
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-156706
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230530
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230530

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VIDEO DISPLAY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000758743
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS & ACCESSORIES [3670]
		IRS NUMBER:				581217564
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13394
		FILM NUMBER:		23977665

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1868 TUCKER INDUSTRIAL DR
		CITY:			TUCKER
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30084
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7709382080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1868 TUCKER INDUSTRIAL DR
		CITY:			TUCKER
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30084

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-156706.txt : 20230530

10-K
 1
 d357819d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 
 to 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of Incorporation)

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Name of each exchange on which registered

, no par value

OTCMKTS 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES 
 NO 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). YES NO 
 As of August 31, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
 common equity held by non-affiliates
 based upon the closing sales price for the Registrant s common stock as reported in the Over the Counter Markets OTCMKTS was . 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock as of May 1, 2023 was . 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the definitive proxy statement to be delivered to stockholders in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K.
 In addition, certain exhibits previously filed with the registrant s prior Forms 10-K,
 Forms 8-K,
 Form S-18
 and Schedule 14A are incorporated by reference in Part IV of this Form 10-K.

Table of Contents 

VIDEO DISPLAY CORPORATION TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ITEM NUMBER 

PAGE NUMBER 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

5 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

8 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

8 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

9 

Item 4. 
 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

9 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

10 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

10 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

11 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

16 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

17 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

38 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

38 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

39 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

40 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

40 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

40 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

40 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

40 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

41 

Signatures 

42 

Table of Contents 

PART I Item 1. Business. General Video Display Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company , us , we or VDC is a provider and manufacturer of video products, components, and systems for visual display and presentation of electronic information media in a variety of requirements and environments. The Company designs, engineers, manufactures, markets, distributes and installs technologically advanced display products and systems, from basic components to turnkey systems, for government, military, aerospace, medical, industrial, and commercial organizations. The Company markets its products worldwide primarily from facilities located in the United States. Please read the comments under the caption Forward looking statements and risk factors in Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Description of Principal Business The Company generates revenues from the manufacturing and distribution of displays and display components. The Company operates primarily in four divisions: simulation, training and display products, cyber secure products and services, Data display CRTs, and other computer products. Consolidated Net Sales by division for fiscal 2023 are comprised of the following: Simulation, Training and Display Products (62 Cyber Secure Products (7 Data Display CRTs (20 Other Computer Products (11 A more detailed discussion of sales by category of product is included under the section entitled Principal Products by Division. The Company s manufacturing and distribution facilities are located in Kentucky and Florida. The Company continues to explore opportunities to expand its product offerings in the display industry. The Company anticipates that this expansion will be achieved by adding new products or by acquiring existing companies that would enhance the Company s position in the display industry. Management continually evaluates product trends externally in the industry and internally in the divisions in which the Company operates. Segment Information We operate and manage our business as one segment. The four divisions have similarities such as the types of products and markets served. Therefore, we believe they meet the criteria for aggregation under the applicable authoritative guidance and, as such, are reported as one segment within the Consolidated Financial Statements. Principal Products by Division Simulation, Training and Display Products The Company s simulation, training and display products operations are conducted in the VDC s Cocoa, Florida location. Product lines include: 

Dome Aircraft Simulator Display Systems 

Multi-Faceted Aircraft Simulator Display Systems 

Video Walls for Broadcast and Control Centers 

Rugged Video Walls for Combat Information Center (CIC) 

Rugged Flat Panel Displays and Computers 

TEMPEST Products 

TEMPEST Services 

Projector and Monitor Upgrades 

Projection Screens 
 1 

Table of Contents 

These product lines are used by the military branches such as the Navy and Air Force and various government agencies such as the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy. VDC also supplies direct view video walls into both the Command and Control and Broadcast markets. This portion of the Company s operations, which contributed approximately 62 of fiscal 2023 consolidated net sales, involves the design, engineering, and manufacturing of digital projector display units. The Company customizes these units for specific applications, including ruggedization for military uses or size reduction due to space limitations in industrial and medical applications. Because of the Company s flexible and cost-efficient manufacturing, it is able to handle low volume orders that generate higher margins. This portion of the Company s operations targets niche markets where competition from major multinational electronics companies tends to be lower. The prime customers for these products include defense, security, training, and simulation areas of the United States of America (U.S.) and foreign militaries as well as the major defense contractors such as the Boeing Company, L-3 Communications Corporation, DRS Laurel Technologies, and others. Flight simulator displays are produced to provide a full range of flight training simulations for military and commercial applications. Cyber Secure Products The Company acquired the AYON Cyber Security ACS division in March 2012. ACS was formerly known as Hetra Products and most recently as StingRay56 before becoming part of Video Display Corporation . ACS specializes in advanced TEMPEST technology, also known as Emanation Security (EMSEC), products and custom engineering solutions to include extreme environmental performance and survivability technologies (MIL-STD-810 and DO-160) in support of military forces, intelligence agencies, prime contractors and niche commercial sectors worldwide. ACS has a long history of specializing in TEMPEST technology. In addition to its TEMPEST products and services, the business also provides various contract services to government agencies and prime contractors. Services performed include design and testing solutions for defense and niche commercial uses worldwide. This division represented approximately 7 of fiscal 2023 consolidated net sales. CRTs and Phosphor Products Since its organization in 1975, the Company has been engaged in the distribution and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of Cathode ray tubes (CRTs) using new and recycled CRT glass bulbs, primarily in the replacement market, for use in data display screens, including computer terminal monitors, medical monitor equipment and various other data display applications and in television sets. The Company s CRT manufacturing operation of new and recycled CRTs is conducted at a facility located in Lexington, Kentucky (Lexel). The Company offers CRTs from other manufacturers at this facility as well. This division represented approximately 20 of fiscal 2023 consolidated net sales. The Company maintains the capability of manufacturing and remanufacturing monochrome CRTs for Flight Simulators and Medical Monitors. In addition, our Lexel operation manufactures highly specialized CRTs called a Direct-View Storage Tubes (DVSTs) for military radar applications. All CRTs manufactured by the Company pass rigorous testing and quality requirements. The Medical Monitors are tested in accordance with standards from Underwriters Laboratories. Major customers for our CRT products include GE Healthcare, Leonardo DRS, Richardson Electronics, Flight Safety and many more. The Company also distributes new CRTs and other electronic tubes purchased from OEMs. The Company sells CRTs into the replacement market which sometimes takes five to seven years to develop; these purchased inventories sometimes do not sell as quickly as other inventories. Bulk CRT purchases have declined over the past few years as the Company is managing current inventory levels against the anticipated reduction in future CRT demand due to the growth of flat panel technology. The Company s Lexel operation also provides a wide variety of products for the scientific community in the way of phosphor coated substrates. This is an area of potential growth for the Company as advances in the scientific community are made and the demand for phosphor coated substrates increase worldwide. These products are used in many applications including CCD imaging, RHEED/LEED view ports, Digital X-Ray Imaging, Electron Microscopy, Alpha detectors for Neutron generators, and Spectrometry to name a few. Some of our major customers for these products include Bruker, Photonis, and all the US National Laboratories. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Other Computer Products The Company acquired a small keyboard company on October 23, 2017. The Company s long term plans are to use this as a platform to manufacture cyber-secure keyboards as part of the cyber security division. This division was 11 of the 2023 consolidated net sales. Patents and Trademarks The Company holds patents with respect to certain products and services. The Company also sells products under various trademarks and trade names. The Company believes that success in its industry primarily will be dependent upon incorporating emerging technology into new product line introductions, frequent product enhancements, and customer support and service. Seasonal Variations in Business Historically, there has not been seasonal variability in the Company s business. Working Capital Practices The accompanying consolidated financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has sustained losses for four of the last five years. The accumulated losses reported has resulted from a combination of lower revenues at certain divisions without a commensurate reduction of expenses. The Company s working capital and liquid asset position is presented as follows: 

February 28, 2023 

February 28, 2022 

Working capital 

(1,297) 

509 

Liquid assets 

400 

245 
 
 Management s plans with regard to improving working capital includes increasing marketing efforts in its ruggedized displays, and small specialty displays. The Company is developing new products for customers in the ruggedized display section of its business. The Company has orders for ruggedized display products which are being engineered by the Company s engineering department which will be delivered in the Company s next fiscal year. The Company is also entertaining a letter of intent to sell the TEMPEST business to supply working capital for the expanding ruggedized display business. The Company sees the ruggedized display business as repeatable business and a source of a steady income stream. The Company is working towards streamlining its two business units in Kentucky, Lexel Imaging and Unicomp. The Company is moving from being a manufacturer of CRT products to a distributor of CRT products, while working with customers on last time buys of certain specialty products. Unicomp, the keyboard division has completed a redesign of one of its better selling keyboards, forced by the lack of availability of certain computer chips used in the production of the previous model. The Company s efforts to increase revenues by upgrading its sales and marketing efforts are showing results with an increase in the Company s backlog, especially in ruggedized products. These efforts have increased revenues from last year and will increase them even more in the upcoming fiscal year as the Company s business typically has longer lead times from initial contact to a sale and the including the amount of time to develop the products by engineering. The pandemic has also slowed down the process of obtaining new business as many of our customers and potential customers are still working from home. Furthermore, supply chain challenges have slowed down production of certain products due to long lead times on critical items of production, impacting cash flow. The Company moved the corporate accounting functions to the Cocoa, Florida location which allows the Company to become more efficient and save money on reducing redundant operations. The Company has not automatically replaced employees who have left the Company while it works to increase business. The Company reduced expenses further by closing the Tucker, Georgia facility on March 31, 2022. If additional and more permanent capital is required to fund the operations of the Company, no assurance can be given that the Company will be able to obtain the capital on terms favorable to the Company, if at all. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Concentration of Customers The Company sells to a variety of domestic and international customers on an open-unsecured account basis. These customers principally operate in the medical, military, industrial and avionics industries. The Company had direct and indirect net sales to the U.S. government, primarily the Department of Defense for training and simulation programs that comprised approximately 51 and 43 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. Sales to foreign customers were approximately 8 and 11 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company had two customers, Naval Air Warfare and DRS Laurel Technologies with 14 and 10 of the Company s consolidated net sales in fiscal 2023. The Company attempts to minimize credit risk by reviewing customers credit history before extending credit, and by monitoring customers credit exposure on a daily basis. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends and other information. Backlog The Company s backlog is comprised of undelivered, firm customer orders, which are scheduled to ship within twelve months. The Company s backlog was approximately 9.9 million at February 28, 2023 and 5.2 million at February 28, 2022. It is anticipated that more than 90 of the February 28, 2023 backlog will ship during fiscal 2024. Environmental Matters The Company s operations are subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to the generation, storage, handling, emission, transportation, and discharge of materials into the environment. The costs of complying with environmental protection laws and regulations have not had a material adverse impact on the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flow in the past and are not expected to have a material adverse impact in the foreseeable future. Research and Development The objectives of the Company s research and development activities are to increase efficiency and quality in its manufacturing and assembly operations and to enhance its existing product line by developing alternative product applications to existing display systems and electron optic technology. Employees As of February 28, 2023, the Company employed 58 persons on a full-time basis. Of these, 10 were employed in executive, administrative, and clerical positions, 3 were employed in sales and distribution, 14 in engineering, and 31 were employed in manufacturing operations. The Company believes its employee relations to be satisfactory. No employees are under collective bargaining agreements. Competition The Company believes that it has a competitive advantage in the display industry due to its ability to engineer custom display solutions for a variety of industrial, military and commercial applications, its ability to provide internally produced component parts, and its manufacturing flexibility. As a result, the Company can offer more customization in the design and engineering of new products. With the operations of VDC Display Systems, Jaco Display Solutions and AYON Cyber Security, the Company believes it has become one of the leading suppliers within each of these specialty display markets. The Company now operates in several markets in the areas of custom electronic solutions. The Company has reentered the ruggedized display business and is actively looking to grow this business. The Company s VDC Display Systems division specializes in projector design and video solutions, and the Company s AYON Cyber Security division specializes in making electronic devices cyber secure. The Company specializes in the design and installation of video walls focusing on configurable visual solutions for command and control and other large format visuals in the energy, utility, transportation, industrial and security markets. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

The Company is a wholesale distributor and manufacturer of OEM CRTs. The Company believes it is the only company that offers complete service in replacement markets with its manufacturing and recycling capabilities. The Company s ability to compete effectively in this market is dependent upon its continued ability to respond promptly to customer orders and to offer competitive pricing. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Forward looking statements and risk factors All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report, including, without limitation, those statements contained in Item 1, are statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The words expect , estimate , anticipate , predict , believe and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements appear in a number of places in this report and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) trends affecting the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows; (ii) the Company s financing plans; (iii) the Company s business and growth strategies, including potential acquisitions; and (iv) other plans and objectives for future operations. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those predicted in the forward-looking statements or which may be anticipated from historical results or trends. Our Company operates in technology-based markets that involve a number of risks, some of which are beyond our control. The following discussion highlights some risks and uncertainties that investors should consider, in conjunction with all other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company may impair the Company s business and operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, the Company s business, consolidated financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be materially affected. History of losses and declining liquidity Declining liquidity and lack of credit availability could have important consequences, including: 

generating insufficient cash flows from operating activities to meet our payment obligations; 

increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions; 

requiring a substantial portion of cash flow for operating activities and as a result reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund capital expenditures, capitalize on future business opportunities and expand our business and execute our strategy; 

causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; 

limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and to react to competitive pressure and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who may have access to a line of credit. Changes in government priorities may affect military spending, and our consolidated financial condition and results of operations or cash flows could suffer if their purchases decline. We currently derive a portion of our net sales (51 in fiscal 2023) from direct and indirect sales to the U.S. government. If we are unable to replace expiring contracts, which are typically less than twelve months in duration, with contracts for new business, our sales could decline, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We expect that direct and indirect sales to the U.S. government will continue to account for a substantial portion of our sales in the foreseeable future. We have no assurance that these government-related sales will continue to reach or exceed historical levels in future periods. Our inability to secure financing could negatively affect the future of our business. 

Our inability to secure financing with our current bank or others, if necessary, could expose us to the risk of losing business; and 

Our inability to secure financing with a commercial bank could expose us to the risk of increased interest rates. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Our industry is highly competitive and competitive conditions may adversely affect our business. Our success depends on our ability to compete in markets that are highly competitive, with rapid technological advances and products that require constant improvement in both price and performance. In most of our markets, we are experiencing increased competition, and we expect this trend to continue. This environment may result in changes in relationships with customers or vendors, the ability to develop new relationships, or the business failure of customers or vendors, which may negatively affect our business. If our competitors are more successful than we are in developing new technology and products, our business may be adversely affected. Competitive pressures may increase or change through industry consolidation, entry of new competitors, marketing changes or otherwise. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to compete effectively with existing or potential competitors. Competitors or third-parties may infringe on our intellectual property. The Company holds patents with respect to certain products and services. The Company also sells products under various trademarks and trade names. Should competitors or third-parties infringe on these rights, costly legal processes may be required to defend our intellectual property rights, which could adversely affect our business. Migration to flat panel and other technology may negatively affect our CRT business. The Company acquires CRT inventory when the replacement market appears to demonstrate adequate future demand and the purchase price allows a reasonable profit for the risk. Due to the extended time frame for the replacement market to develop (five to seven years), these purchased inventories may not sell as quickly as other inventories. If the Company is unable to manage CRT inventory levels in coordination with reduced future CRT demand due to the growth of flat panel technology, the marketability of inventory on hand may be affected and the Company may incur significant costs in the disposal of excess inventory. The Company anticipates that flat panel and other technology products, due to their lower space and power requirements, has become the display of choice in many display applications. Given this shift, the Company has focused its efforts and its acquisition strategy toward flat panel technologies. If the Company is unable to replace any future declines in CRT sales with products based on other technologies, our business may be adversely affected. Future acquisitions may not provide benefits to the Company. The Company s growth strategy includes expansion through acquisitions that enhance the profitability and shareholder value of the Company. The Company continues to seek new products through acquisitions and internal development that complement existing profitable product lines. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to complete further acquisitions or that past or future acquisitions will not have a material adverse impact on the Company s consolidated operations. If we are unable to retain certain key personnel and hire new, highly-skilled personnel, we may not be able to execute our business plan. Our future success depends on the skills, experience, and efforts of our senior managers. The loss of services of any of these individuals, or our inability to attract and retain qualified individuals for key management positions, could negatively affect our business. Our business operations could be disrupted if our information technology systems fail to perform adequately. We depend upon our information technology systems in the conduct of our operations and financial reporting. If our major information systems fail to perform as anticipated, we could experience difficulties in maintaining normal business operations. Such systems-related problems could adversely affect product development, sales, and profitability. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Our business operations could be adversely impacted by the effects of the novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) or any other related adverse public health developments. The risk of the Coronavirus to our employees, customers and supply chain could negatively impact our ability to conduct our business due to threat of illness, quarantines, restrictions of movement and closures of key customers and suppliers. Changes to accounting rules or regulations may adversely affect our results of operations. New accounting rules or regulations and varying interpretations of existing accounting rules or regulations have occurred and may occur in the future. Future changes to accounting rules or regulations or the questioning of current accounting practices may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. The Company s stock price may be negatively affected by a variety of factors. In addition to any impact the Company s operating performance, potential future Company sales or repurchases of common stock, the Company s dividend policies or possible anti-takeover measures available to the Company may have, changes in securities markets caused by general foreign or domestic economic, consumer or business trends, the impact of interest rate policies by the federal reserve board, and other factors outside the Company s control may negatively affect our stock price. Our stock may be traded infrequently and in low volumes, so you may be unable to sell your shares at or near the quoted bid price if you need to sell your shares. Our stock is quoted on the OTC Markets and the shares of our common stock may trade infrequently and in low volumes, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common shares at or near bid prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. An investor may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common stock or to sell his or her shares at or near bid prices, if at all. Changes to estimates, or operating results that are lower than our current estimates, may cause us to incur impairment charges. We make certain estimates and projections in connection with our impairment analyses for other long-term assets. If these estimates or projections change or prove incorrect, we may be required to record impairment charges. If these impairment charges were significant, our consolidated financial position or results of operations would be adversely affected. International factors could negatively affect our business. A small portion of our consolidated net sales (8 in fiscal 2023) is made to foreign customers. We also receive certain raw materials from foreign vendors. We are subject to the risks inherent in conducting our business across national boundaries, many of which are outside of our control. These risks include the following: 

Economic downturns; 

Currency exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations; 

Changes in governmental policy or laws including, among others, those relating to taxation; 

International military, political, diplomatic and terrorist incidents; 

Government instability; 

Nationalization of foreign assets; 

Natural disasters; and supply chain issues 

Tariffs and governmental trade policies. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

We cannot ensure that one or more of these factors will not negatively affect our international customers and, as a result, our business and consolidated financial performance. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. The Company has two locations, Cocoa, Florida and Lexington, Kentucky. The Florida location is leased from a related party at current market rates with the Cocoa, Florida space currently serving as the Corporate headquarters location. See Part III, Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management believes the facilities to be adequate for its needs. The following table details manufacturing, warehouse, and administrative facilities: 

Location 
 
 Square Feet 

Lease Expires 

Cocoa, Florida 

34,500 

February 19, 2025 
 
 Lexington, Kentucky 

41,055 

July 30, 2023 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. The Company is involved in various legal proceedings relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of business. Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. The Company s common stock is traded on the Over-the-Counter Market (OTCMKTS) under the symbol VIDE. The Company had previously traded on National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System NASDAQ national market system under the symbol VIDE until April 30, 2015. The following table shows the range of prices for the Company s common stock as reported by the OTCMKTS for each quarterly period beginning on March 1, 2021. The prices reflect inter-dealer prices, without mark-up, mark-down, or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

For Fiscal Years Ended 

February 28, 2023 

February 28, 2022 

Quarter Ended 
 
 High 

Low 

High 

Low 

May 

1.19 

0.91 

2.70 

1.13 

August 

1.82 

0.93 

1.40 

1.12 

November 

2.50 

0.72 

1.22 

1.02 

February 

2.55 

1.09 

1.27 

0.83 
 
 There were approximately 120 holders of record of the Company s common stock as of May 13, 2023. Payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon the consolidated earnings and financial condition of the Company and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem appropriate. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans The following table provides information as of February 28, 2023 regarding compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which common stock of the Company is authorized for issuance. 

Stock Option Plan 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in first column) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

200,000 

0.82 

614,000 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The Company has a stock repurchase program, pursuant to which it had been authorized to repurchase up to 2,632,500 shares of the Company s common stock in the open market. On January 20, 2014, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a continuation of the stock repurchase program, and authorized the Company to repurchase up to 1,500,000 additional shares of the Company s common stock in the open market. There is no minimum number of shares required to be repurchased under the program. During fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company did not repurchase any shares of the Company s stock. Under this program, an additional 490,186 shares remain authorized to be repurchased by the Company at February 28, 2023. Item 6. Selected Financial Data N/A 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Overview The Company manufactures and distributes a wide range of display devices, encompassing, among others, industrial, military, medical, and simulation display solutions. The Company is organized into the following four interrelated divisions that have similar products and markets served and therefore are aggregated into one reportable segment: 

Simulation and Training Products offers a wide range of projection display systems for use in training, simulation, military, medical, industrial applications, video walls and command and control centers including ruggedized displays. 

Cyber Secure Products provides advanced TEMPEST technology and (EMSEC) products. This business also provides various contract services including the design and testing solutions for defense and niche commercial uses worldwide. 

Data Display CRTs offers a wide range of CRTs for use in data display screens, including computer terminal monitors and medical monitoring equipment. 

Other Computer Products offers keyboard products with a plan to manufacture and offer cyber-secure keyboards as part of the cyber secure products division. During fiscal 2023, management of the Company focused key resources on strategic efforts to support the efforts of operations to increase market share. The Company also seeks to look for acquisition opportunities that enhance the profitability and shareholder value of the Company. The Company continues to seek new products through acquisitions and internal development that complement existing profitable product lines. Challenges facing the Company during these efforts include: Inventory management - Management regularly reviews the Company s investment in inventories for declines in value and writes down the cost when it is apparent that the expected net realizable value of the inventory falls below its carrying amount. The Company operates in an environment of constantly changing technologies and retains a certain amount of inventory for legacy products for maintenance and replacement capabilities for its customers. The Company also inventories product to ensure it has adequate inventory to fulfill orders for transitioning product lines. Management reviews inventory levels on a quarterly basis. Such reviews include observations of product development trends of the original equipment manufacturers, new products being marketed, and technological advances relative to the product capabilities of the Company s existing inventories. Impact of COVID-19 The Company has been actively monitoring the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, situation and its impact globally. Financial results for fiscal 2023 were impacted by COVID-19 due to delayed orders and/or the fulfillment of the related orders. However, the Company currently does not expect any material impact on our financial results for fiscal 2024. Management continues to operate normally with the exception of restrictions issued by federal and local governments and supply chain issues as a result of the pandemic. If a reoccurrence of the COVID-19 pandemic occurs, the Company may experience other disruptions that could severely impact the business, results of operations and prospects. Sales generation Although the Company increased sales this year, it was unable to reduce operating expenses at the needed level to reach profitability. In order to improve revenue generating activities, management is focused on increasing marketing efforts in its ruggedized displays business. The company has recently entered into an agreement with a prominent military manufacturing representative and added sales personnel to focus efforts on winning major multi-year military programs for ruggedized displays, computers, and other ancillary military products. The company is already seeing positive results with a number of recent awards and increased sales pipeline and backlog. Operations The following table sets forth, for the fiscal years indicated, the percentages that selected items in the Company s consolidated statements of operations bear to total revenues (amounts in thousands): (See Item 1. Business Description of Principal Business and Principal Products for discussion about the Company s Products and Divisions.) 

2023 

2022 

Amount 

Amount 

Net Sales 

Simulation and Training 

5,035 

62.1 

4,088 

58.4 

Data Display CRTs 

1,566 

19.3 

992 

14.2 

Cyber Secure Products 

589 

7.3 

612 

8.7 

Other Computer Products 

912 

11.3 

1,309 

18.7 

Total net sales 

8,102 

100.0 

7,001 

100.0 

11 

Table of Contents 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of goods sold 

6,930 

85.5 

7,324 

103.7 

Selling and delivery 

446 

5.5 

555 

7.9 

General and administrative 

3,505 

43.3 

3,753 

53.6 

10,881 

134.3 

11,632 

165.2 

Loss from operations 

(2,779) 

(34.3) 

(4,631) 

(65.2) 
 
 Interest expense, net 

(15) 

(0.2) 

(25) 

(0.4) 
 
 Employee retention credit income 

31 

0.4 

796 

11.4 

Gain on extinguishment of PPP loans 

0.0 

1,084 

15.5 

Gain on disposal of assets 

5 

0.1 

0.0 

Other income, net 

765 

9.4 

216 

3.1 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

(1,993) 

(24.6) 

(2,560) 

(35.6) 
 
 Income tax expense 

0.0 

0.0 

Net (loss) income 

(1,993) 

(24.6) 

(2,560) 

(35.6) 

Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 Net Sales Consolidated net sales increased 15.7 for year ended February 28, 2023 compared to the year ended February 28, 2022 and decreased 1.0 for the three months ended February 28, 2023 compared to the comparable three months last year. The Company s AYON Cyber Security (ACS) division is down 3.8 for the year ended February 28, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended February 28, 2022 and increased 305.9 for the three months ended February 28, 2023 compared to the same three months last year. The business relied on primarily service business with not much in product sales. Product sales picked up in the fourth quarter leading to the large increase versus prior year quarter s sales. The Display Systems division increased by 23.2 for the year ended February 28, 2023 compared to last year and was down 18.8 for the quarter ended February 28, 2023 compared to the same three months last year. The division sales increased due to new customers for ruggedized products and steady sales in specialty displays. The Company is currently developing new products for the ruggedized display markets which it already has orders for. The Data Display division sales were up 57.8 for the year ended February 28, 2023 due to last time buy orders from customers. The division sells a specialty product, a direct view storage tube (DVST) to two customers in Asia. Orders are expected from both customers, but due to the pandemic, the funds which would have been used for these products were diverted to other priorities. The division also sells replacement CRTS for flight simulators. Because of changing technology, the demand for these products has decreased. The Lexel division will be dependent on continued sales of the DVST products and steady sales of its cathode ray tube products (CRTs) to increase their sales. Lexel had an increase of 22.9 for three months ended February 28, 2023 compared to the three months ended February 28, 2022. The Company s keyboard division, posted sales of 0.9 million and 0.2 million for the year and three months ended February 28, 2023 compared to 1.3 million and 0.3 million for the comparable periods last year, respectively. Sales were down due to the availability of one of the products due to a chip shortage forcing the Company to redesign one of the products. Gross Margins Consolidated gross margins increased to 14 for fiscal 2023 from (3.7) for fiscal 2022. Overall gross margin dollars increased by 1.4 million versus the prior fiscal year due to increased revenues and decreased costs. The gross margins were impacted by the changes in technology which led the Company to charging off approximately 500 thousand in inventory in fiscal 2023 compared to 919 thousand in inventory charges recorded to cost of goods sold during fiscal 2022. ACS gross margin percentage were 17.8 compared to 21.1 and the gross margin dollars were 105 thousand compared to 129 thousand for the year ended February 28, 2023 compared to the year ended February 28, 2022. For the three months ended February 28, 2023 compared to the same period last year, ACS gross margin percentage were 13.4 compared to a negative 48.8 and gross margin dollars were 33 thousand compared to a negative 29 thousand. VDC Display Systems (VDCDS) gross margin percentage was 29.4 compared to 14.3 in the prior year and the gross margin dollars were 1,478 thousand compared to 584 thousand for the year ended February 28, 2023 compared to the year ended February 28, 2022. For the three months ended February 28, 2023 compared to the same period last year, VDCDS gross margin percentage was 8.4 compared to 12.6 . Gross margin dollars were 66 thousand compared to 123 thousand. The keyboard division, Unicomp, had 80 thousand of gross margin dollars or 8.7 to sales for the year ended February 28, 2023 and 363 thousand of gross margin dollars or 27.7 for the year ended February 28, 2022. For the quarter ended February 28, 2022, Unicomp had a negative 49 thousand of gross profit or a negative 22.9 compared to 48 thousand or 15.7 . 
 12 

Table of Contents 

The Data Display division had a negative 490 thousand in gross margin dollars for the year ended February 28, 2023 compared to a negative 1,337 thousand for the year ended February 28, 2022. The Data Display division for Lexel had a negative 392 thousand in gross margin dollars for the three months ended February 28, 2023 compared to a negative 265 thousand for the three months ended February 28, 2022. The division is in the process of curtailing much of its manufacturing in displays and moving to become a distributor. Operating Expenses Operating expenses as a percentage of sales decreased to 48.8 for fiscal 2023 from 61.5 in fiscal 2022. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales were lower for fiscal 2023 when compared to fiscal 2022 due to the increase in sales in fiscal 2023 with a corresponding decrease in operating expenses. Actual operating expenses decreased by 357 thousand. The Company is working to reduce costs in all areas of the business to bring its cost structure in line with the current size of the business. The Company closed the corporate headquarters in Georgia and has merged it into the Florida location, which is saving considerable operating expenses. The Company is expanding its product offerings, primarily in ruggedized displays and in doing so, is adding costs strategically to support those businesses. The keyboard and CRT divisions are making changes to maximize profitability including reducing the size of their operating facility and streamlining their product offerings. Interest Expense Interest expense was 15 thousand in fiscal 2023 and 25 thousand for fiscal 2022 related to the Company s obligations. The interest expense is primarily from the financing lease on the TEMPEST equipment for the cyber security business. Other Income In fiscal 2023, the Company received 498 thousand in proceeds from a class action lawsuit, 274 thousand in royalties, 19 thousand in rental income, 31 thousand in retention credit revenue, 5 thousand on the sale of assets, 11 thousand in interest income and 2 thousand in miscellaneous other. Other expense netted against other income was 31 thousand for the payout of a lawsuit and 8 thousand in settlement of another dispute. In fiscal 2022, the Company had 1,084 thousand in gain on extinguishment of PPP loans, 796 thousand in employee retention credit income, net rental income of 210 thousand and 4 thousand in bad debt recovery. Income Taxes The Company had a net loss before taxes of approximately 2.0 million in fiscal 2023 and 2.6 million in fiscal 2022 which a full valuation allowance was provided due to historical losses resulting in an effective tax rate of 0 . Liquidity and Capital Resources The accompanying consolidated financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has sustained losses for four of the last five years. The accumulated losses reported has resulted from a combination of lower revenues at certain divisions without a commensurate reduction of expenses. The Company s working capital and liquid asset position is presented as follows: 

February 28, 2023 

February 28, 2022 

Working capital 

(1,297) 

509 

Liquid assets 

400 

245 
 
 Management s plans with regard to improving working capital includes increasing marketing efforts in its ruggedized displays, and small specialty displays. The Company is developing new products for customers in the ruggedized display section of its business. The Company has orders for ruggedized display products which are being engineered by the Company s engineering department which will be delivered in the Company s next fiscal year. The Company is also entertaining a letter of intent to sell the TEMPEST business to supply working capital for the expanding ruggedized display business. The Company sees the ruggedized display business as repeatable business and a source of a steady income stream. The Company is working towards streamlining its two business units in Kentucky, Lexel Imaging and Unicomp. The Company is moving from being a manufacturer of CRT products to a distributor of CRT products, while working with customers on last time buys of certain specialty products. Unicomp, the keyboard division has completed a redesign of one of its better selling keyboards, forced by the lack of availability of certain computer chips used in the production of the previous model. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

The Company s efforts to increase revenues by upgrading its sales and marketing efforts are showing results with an increase in the Company s backlog, especially in ruggedized products. These efforts have increased revenues from last year and will increase them even more in the upcoming fiscal year as the Company s business typically has longer lead times from initial contact to a sale and the including the amount of time to develop the products by engineering. The pandemic has also slowed down the process of obtaining new business as many of our customers and potential customers are still working from home. Furthermore, supply chain challenges have slowed down production of certain products due to long lead times on critical items of production, impacting cash flow. The Company moved the corporate accounting functions to the Cocoa, Florida location which allows the Company to become more efficient and save money on reducing redundant operations. The Company has not automatically replaced employees who have left the Company while it works to increase business. The Company reduced expenses further by closing the Tucker, Georgia facility on March 31, 2022. If additional and more permanent capital is required to fund the operations of the Company, no assurance can be given that the Company will be able to obtain the capital on terms favorable to the Company, if at all. Cash used in operations was 0.6 million in fiscal 2023 compared to the use of 0.1 million in fiscal 2022. During fiscal 2023, the net loss from operations was 2.0 million and adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash were 0.3 million with 0.5 million in inventory related charges, 0.2 million in depreciation and 0.1 million in amortization of intangible assets. Working capital related accounts provided 0.5 million in cash with retention credit receivables providing 0.8 million, contract assets of 0.2 million, reduction in inventories 0.9 million, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities providing 0.4 million, offset by a decrease in contract liabilities of 0.9 million and an increase in an accounts receivable receivables of 0.4 million. Investing activities used 40 thousand for capital expenditures in fiscal 2023 compared to using 79 thousand in fiscal 2022. Financing activities provided 0.8 million in fiscal 2023. The Company received 0.9 million in a related party loan and paid 0.1 million in equipment financing. Financing activities provided 0.1 million for the year ended February 28, 2022. The Company has a stock repurchase program, pursuant to which it has been authorized to repurchase up to 2,632,500 shares of the Company s common stock in the open market. On January 20, 2014, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a one-time continuation of the stock repurchase program, and authorized the Company to repurchase up to 1,500,000 additional shares of the Company s common stock, depending on the market price of the shares. There is no minimum number of shares required to be repurchased under the program. During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, the Company did not repurchase any of the Company s stock. Under this program, an additional 490,186 shares remain authorized to be repurchased by the Company at February 28, 2023. Transactions with Related Parties and Contractual Obligations The Company leases a building in Cocoa, Florida, from an entity that is controlled by the Company s CEO and leased another building for part of the year in Lexington, KY. The building in Lexington, KY serves as the manufacturing operations for the CRT division and the keyboard division. The Company now leases the building from a third party. The building in Cocoa, Florida is the new operational site for both VDC Display Systems, AYON Cyber Security and the corporate office. See Note 10. The Company borrows money from the Chief Executive Officer from time to time to support operations. In fiscal 2023, the Company borrowed approximately 926 thousand bringing the total of the note payable to 1,384 thousand and owes another 256 thousand in rent, bringing the total rent owed to 616 thousand. There are no repayment terms related to the amounts owed but the Company intends to pay back the CEO when funds are available in fiscal 2024. These amounts are included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Contractual Obligations Future contractual maturities due under operating and finance leases and other obligations at February 28, 2023 are as follows (in thousands): 

Payments due by period 

Total 

Less than 1 year 

1 3 years 

3 5 years 

More than 5 years 

Finance lease obligations 

78 

78 

Operating lease obligations 

511 

321 

190 

Note payable -related party 

1,384 

1,384 

Warranty reserve obligations 

18 

18 

Total 

1,991 

1,801 

190 

14 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Management s Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and Results of Operations are based upon the Company s consolidated financial statements. These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). These principles require the use of estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and related notes. The accounting policies that may involve a higher degree of judgments, estimates, and complexity include inventory valuation, contract revenue recognition as well as profitability or loss recognition estimates, and the sufficiency of the valuation reserve relating to deferred tax assets. The Company uses the following methods and assumptions in determining its estimates: Inventory valuation Management regularly reviews the Company s investment in inventories for declines in value and writes down the cost when it is apparent that the expected net realizable value of the inventory falls below its carrying amount. The Company operates in an environment of constantly changing technologies and retains a certain amount of inventory for legacy products for maintenance and replacement capabilities for its customers. The Company maintains inventory on certain products to ensure it has adequate inventory to fulfill orders for transitioning product lines. Management reviews inventory levels on a quarterly basis. Such reviews include observations of product development trends of the original equipment manufacturers, new products being marketed, and technological advances relative to the product capabilities of the Company s existing inventories. Revenue recognition The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of the promised products or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those products or services. VDC derives revenue primarily from sales of simulation and video wall systems, cyber secure products, data displays, and keyboards. The Company excludes sales and usage-based taxes from revenue. The Company s simulation and video wall systems are custom-built (using commercial off-the-shelf products) to customer specifications under fixed price contracts. Judgment is required to determine whether each product and service is considered to be a distinct performance obligation that should be accounted for separately under the contract. Generally, these contracts contain one performance obligation (the installation of a fully functional system). The Company recognizes revenue for these systems over time as control is transferred based on labor hours incurred on each project based on the percentage of completion method. The Company recognizes revenue related to its cyber secure products, data displays, and keyboards at a point in time when control is transferred to the customer (generally upon shipment of the product to the customer). Timing of invoicing to customers may differ from timing of revenue recognition; however, the Company s contracts do not include a significant financing component as substantially all invoices have terms of 30 days or less. The Company is applying the practical expedient to exclude from consideration any contracts with payment terms of one year or less and does not offer terms extending beyond one year. Income taxes Deferred income taxes are provided to reflect the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The Company has established a valuation allowance of 6 million on the Company s deferred tax assets. The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions under the provisions of ASC Topic 740, which contains a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely than not, that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount, which is more than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company considers many factors when evaluating and estimating the Company s tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments. At February 28, 2023, the Company did not record any liabilities for uncertain tax positions. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The Company does not have during the periods presented, and the Company does not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under SEC rules. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and their effect on the Company. Impact of Inflation Inflation has not had a material effect on the Company s results of operations to date. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. The Company s primary market risks include changes in technology and government spending. The rapid advances in video and projection technology present a challenge for the Company s management and engineers to be able to meet the ever-changing demands in the markets in which it operates. The Company did a significant amount of business with the government (51 of revenues) in fiscal 2023. Failure of the government to continue to fund programs in the Company s markets could have a detrimental effect on the Company. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Video Display Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB: 

18

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 

20

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 

22

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 

23

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 

24

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

25

17 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors 

Video Display Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Video Display Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of February 28, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
 period ended February 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 28, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
 period ended February 28, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has historically reported net losses or breakeven results along with reporting low levels of working capital. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters also are described in Note 1. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the Board of Directors and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involve especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

18 

Table of Contents 
 Inventories 

Description of the Matter 

As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated inventory balance was 2,458,000 as of February 28, 2023. Management values inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Costs include materials, labor and manufacturing overhead and is computed on a first-in-first-out

basis. Management evaluates the carrying value of its inventories taking into consideration such factors as historical and anticipated future sales compared to quantities on hand and the prices management expects to obtain for products in its various markets. Management adjusts excess and obsolete inventories to net realizable value and write-downs of excess and obsolete inventories are recorded as a component of cost of goods sold. 

 Auditing management s estimate of inventory valuation was complex and judgmental as the value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions, such as changes in technology and aging of the inventory, costing of inventory, and near-term revenue and operating margin projections, which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding of the Company s inventory estimation process. To test the value of inventory, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing methodologies and testing the significant assumptions and the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. For example, these procedures included, among others, performing procedures to test the existence of inventory, evaluating and testing management s process for determining the valuation of inventory and testing the classification of inventory. 

Revenue Recognition Percentage-of-Completion

 Method 

Description of the Matter 

As described in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, for those long-term fixed-price contracts for which control transfers over time, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. The Company generally accounts for these contracts using the cost-to-cost

 measure of progress. Under the cost-to-cost

 measure of progress, the estimation of progress toward completion is subject to assumptions and variables and requires significant judgment. 

 Auditing the Company s estimate of total contract costs at completion is especially challenging due to the judgmental and subjective nature of the estimation of remaining costs to complete, including material, labor and subcontracting costs, among others, unique to each revenue arrangement. In particular, the significant estimation related to management s judgment in estimating contract costs and evaluating changes in the estimates of costs at completion as circumstances change and as new information is received. The revisions in contract estimates can materially affect the Company s operating results. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding and evaluated the Company s revenue recognition review process. To test the estimate of contract costs to complete, our audit procedures included, among others, testing significant components of the estimate noted above, assessing the completeness of the cost estimates, reviewing changes in the estimates from previous periods and testing underlying data used by management. For example, our procedures included discussing project status with business personnel responsible for managing the contractual arrangements, inspecting evidence to support the assumptions made by management, and evaluating the key assumptions utilized in development of the remaining contract costs to complete the arrangement. We also reviewed documentation of management s estimates through the reporting date for evidence of changes that would impact estimates as of the balance sheet date. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

May 30, 2023 

19 

Table of Contents 
 Video Display Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(in thousands) 

February 28, 2023

February 28, 2022

Assets

Current assets

Cash and cash equivalents

Accounts receivable, less allowance for bad debts of and 

Employee retention credit refund receivable

Inventories, net

Contract assets

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property, plant and equipment:

Buildings

Construction in progress

Machinery and equipment

Accumulated depreciation

() 

Net property, plant and equipment

Right of use assets under operating leases

Intangible assets, net

Other noncurrent assets

Total assets

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

20 

Table of Contents 

February 28,

February 28,

2023

2022

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit)

Current liabilities

Accounts payable (including related party payables of and ; Note 5)

Accrued liabilities

Contract liabilities

Current maturities of financing lease obligations

Current operating lease liabilities

Note payable to officers and directors, current (Note 5)

Total current liabilities

Long-term operating lease liabilities

Finance lease obligations less current maturities

Total liabilities

Shareholders Equity (Deficit)

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized; ne issued and outstanding

Common stock, par value shares authorized; issued; outstanding at February 28, 2023 and 2022

Additional paid-in
 capital

Retained earnings

Treasury stock, shares, at cost

() 

Total shareholders equity (deficit)

Total liabilities and shareholders equity (deficit)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

21 

Table of Contents 

Video Display Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

February 28, 2023

February 28, 2022

Net sales

Cost of goods sold

Gross profit (loss)

() 

Operating expenses

Selling and delivery

General and administrative

Operating loss

() 

Other income (expense)

Interest expense, net

() 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of PPP loans

Employee retention credit income

Gain on disposal of assets

Other income, net

Total other income, net

(Loss) income before income taxes

() 
 
 Income tax expense

Net (loss) income

() 

Net (loss) income per share-basic

() 

Net (loss) income per share-diluted

() 

Average shares outstanding basic

Average shares outstanding diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

22 

Table of Contents 

Video Display Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Defict) 

(in thousands) 

Common

 Shares 

Share

 Amount

Additional

 Paid-in

Capital

Retained

 Earnings

Treasury

 Stock

Total

 Shareholders Equity (Deficit)

Balance, March 1, 2021

() 

Net loss

() 

() 

Balance, February 28, 2022

() 

Net loss

() 

() 

Balance, February 28, 2023

() 

() 

Common Shares are shown net of Treasury Shares 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

23 

Table of Contents 

Video Display Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(in thousands) 

February 28,

 2023

February 28, 2022

Operating Activities

Net (loss) income

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities:

Depreciation expense

Amortization of intangible assets

Provision for doubtful accounts

Inventory related charges

Non cash lease cost

Gain on extinguishment of PPP loans

() 
 
 Gain on disposal of assets

Changes in working capital items:

Accounts receivable

Employee retention credit refund receivable

() 
 
 Inventories

() 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

Operating lease liabilities

() 
 
 Contract assets

Contract liabilities

Net cash used in operating activities

() 

Investing Activities

Capital expenditures

() 
 
 Proceeds from sale of assets

Net cash used in investing activities

() 

Financing Activities

Proceeds from related party loans

Repayments of lease financing

() 
 
 Repayments of notes payable

() 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

() 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

See Note 12 for supplemental cash flow information. 

24 

Table of Contents 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Liquid assets

Management s plans with regard to improving working capital includes increasing marketing efforts in its ruggedized displays, and small specialty displays. The Company is developing new products for customers in the ruggedized display section of its business. The Company has orders for ruggedized display products which are being engineered by the Company s engineering department which will be delivered in the Company s next fiscal year. The 

Cyber security

Data displays

Other computer products (keyboards)

Total revenue

February 28, 2022

() 

thousand and thousand for the fiscal years ended 2023 and 2022, respectively. Substantial betterments to property, plant, and equipment are capitalized and routine repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.

shares of the Company s common stock in the open market. On January 20, 2014 the Board of Directors of the Company approved a one-time
 continuation of the stock repurchase program, and authorized the Company to repurchase up to additional shares of the Company s common stock in the open market. There is no minimum number of shares required to be repurchased under the program. During the fiscal years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, the Company did not repurchase any of its shares. Under this program, an additional shares remain authorized to be repurchased by the Company at February 28, 2023. 

() 
 
 Effect of dilution:

Options

Diluted loss per share

() 

() 

2022

Basic

() 

() 
 
 Effect of dilution:

Options

Diluted earnings per share

() 

() 

Stock options convertible into shares of the Company s common stock were anti-dilutive in fiscal 2023 due to the net loss position and therefore, were excluded from the fiscal 2023 diluted earnings (loss) per share calculation. 
 reportable segment. All of our divisions have similarities such as products and markets served; therefore, we believe they meet the criteria for aggregation under the applicable authoritative guidance and, as such, these operations are reported as one segment within the consolidated financial statements. 
 Sales to foreign customers were of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023 and of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2022. 
 3 0

Table of Contents 

Work-in-process

Finished goods

Reserves for obsolescence

February 28, 2022

() 

The Company has maintained inventory on hand to support discontinued products and has made purchases to have product available for its customers while they transitioned to newer technologies. Products the Company maintains lasts many years and the timeframe for possible replacement has been difficult to estimate. As a result, the Company has historically recorded an inventory reserve to offset any obsolescence or slow moving inventory concerns related to CRT inventory and component parts for legacy products. Although management believes that the inventory may be sold in the future, a reserve has been historically recorded due to the uniqueness and age of the related inventory. In fiscal 2022, management continued to challenge the valuation and salability of its inventory while considering current market conditions and recent sales activity and made the determination to write off the inventory reserve against the related inventory as the associated inventory realizable value was deemed nominal. Also, due to depressed sales and the market trends for certain products, an additional thousand inventory charge was recorded to cost of goods sold. These adjustments were required in order to properly state the inventory value at the lower of cost or market at estimated realizable value. 
 During fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company wrote off or disposed of inventories of million and million, respectively, of which million was previously reserved for through inclusion in the inventory reserve in fiscal 2022. 

Estimated earnings recognized to date on these contracts

Total costs and estimated gross profit earned

Less billings to date

() 

Contract liabilities, net

() 

Contract liabilities

() 

Contract liabilities, net

() 

and on January 27, 2021, entered into a second round PPP loan for . On April 23, 2020, Video Display Corporation entered into a first round PPP loan and on February 11, 2021, entered into a second round PPP loan for . The PPP loans were made under, and were subject to the terms and conditions of, the PPP which was established under the CARES Act and is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration. Under the terms of the CARES Act, recipients can apply for and receive forgiveness for all, or a portion of the loans granted under the PPP. Such forgiveness was granted, based on the use of loan proceeds for certain permissible purposes as set forth in the PPP, including, but not limited to, payroll costs, mortgage interest, rent or utility costs (collectively, Qualifying Expenses ), and on the maintenance of employee and compensation levels during a certain time period following the funding of the PPP loans. 
 The Company has used the proceeds of the PPP loans for Qualifying Expenses. In fiscal 2021, the Company received forgiveness on the first round Lexel Imaging PPP loan in November 2020 and on the first round Video Display PPP loan in December 2020. The Company received forgiveness on the second round of PPP loans in aggregate) in August 2021 (fiscal 2022). The forgiveness qualified as a gain on extinguishment of debt on the consolidated statements of operations and the related liability was removed from the consolidated balance sheets based on the forgiveness date of the related PPP loan. 
 thousand to fund working capital needs and owes an additional thousand in Company rent that is due to the CEO. The additional borrowings in the amount of thousand are comprised of thousand in cash and thousand in payments made on the Company s behalf related to the termination of the Tucker, Georgia lease. The thousand note contains no repayment terms. The note payable and rent owed are included in the Company s consolidated balance sheets as of February 28, 2022 as a notes payable to officers and directors and within accounts payable, respectively. 

In fiscal 2023, the Company increased borrowings by thousand to fund working capital needs and owes an additional thousand in Company rent that is due the CEO. The thousand note contains repayment terms and is expected to be repaid in along with the thousand rent owed. The note payable and rent owed are included in the Company s consolidated balance sheets as
 of February 28, 
2023 as a note payable to officers and directors and within accounts payable, respectively. 

Change in provision based on current year sales activity

() 
 
 Warranty costs incurred

() 

Balance at end of year

Accrued payroll taxes

Accrued commissions

Accrued property taxes

Accrued warranty

Accrued other

shares of the Company s common stock may be granted and up to restricted common stock shares may be awarded. Options may not be granted at a price less than the fair market value, determined on the day the options are granted. Options granted to a participant who is the owner of percent or more of the common stock of the Company may not be granted at a price less than of the fair market value, determined on the day the options are granted. The exercise price of each option granted is fixed and may not be re-priced.
 The life of each option granted is determined by the plan administrator, but may not exceed the lesser of from the date the participant has the vested right to exercise the option, or from the date of the grant. The life of an option granted to a participant who is the owner of ten percent or more of the common stock of the Company may not exceed five years from the date of grant. All full-time or part-time employees, and Directors of the Company, are eligible for participation in the Plan. In addition, any consultant or advisor who renders bona fide services to the Company, other than in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction, is eligible for participation in the Plan. The Plan may be terminated by action of the Board of Directors. 

Granted

Forfeited or expired

Outstanding at February 28, 2022

Granted

Forfeited or expired

Outstanding at February 28, 2023

Options exercisable

February 28, 2022

February 28, 2023

Options Outstanding

Options Exercisable

Range

of Exercise Prices

Number

 Outstanding at

 February 28, 2023 (in thousands)

Weighted Average

 Remaining

 Contractual Life

 (in years)

Weighted

 Average

 Exercise Price

Number

 Exercisable at February 28, 2023

 (in thousands)

Weighted

 Average

 Exercise Price

- 

The Company estimates the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the Company to estimate the expected term of the stock option grants and expected future stock price volatility over the term. The term represents the expected period of time the Company believes the options will be outstanding based on historical information. Estimates of expected future stock price volatility are based on the historic volatility of the Company s common stock. The Company calculates the historic volatility based on the weekly stock closing price, adjusted for dividends and stock splits. The fair value of the stock options is based on the stock price at the time the option is granted, the annualized volatility of the stock and the discount rate at the grant date. options were granted in fiscal 2023 or 2022. 

expense recognized on options as all options outstanding were fully vested. 
 is as follows (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended

February 28, 2023

February 28, 2022

Statutory U.S. federal income tax rate

() 
 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit

() 
 
 Valuation allowance

Other

Taxes at effective income tax rate

State net operating loss carry-forward

Federal tax credit carry-forward

Uniform capitalization costs

Accrued liabilities

Right of use assets

() 
 
 Lease liabilities

Basis difference of property, plant and equipment

() 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts

Amortization of intangibles

Other

() 
 
 Valuation allowance

() 

Net deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets have been reduced by a valuation allowance because, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that the Company s deferred tax assets will t be realized. The Company has determined that a valuation allowance is needed due to historical cumulative taxable net operating losses and the limited taxable income related to the carry back periods. The Company has available federal and state net operating loss carry forwards of million and million, respectively as of February 28, 2023. Net operating losses generated prior to taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018 may be carried forward and expire at various dates commencing in fiscal , if not used. Net operating losses generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and beginning before January 1, 2021 may be carried forward indefinitely. Net operating losses generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 may be carried for indefinitely but are limited to of taxable income. 

On March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act ARPA ). The ARPA includes several provisions, such as measures that extend and expand the employee retention credit, previously enacted under the CARES Act, through December 31, 2021. For fiscal 2022, the Company has recorded an employee retention credit of thousand. This credit has been recorded as an employee retention credit refund receivable on the consolidated balance sheets and as employee retention credit income on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company recorded these amounts at February 28, 2022. The entire receivable amount was received in fiscal 2023. 

3 4

Table of Contents 

t make a contribution in the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 or February 28, 2022 to the Company s 401(k) plan. 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities

Noncurrent portion of operating lease liabilities

Total operating lease liabilities

Rent expense totaled approximately million for fiscal 2023 and million for fiscal 2022. The Company did t have any variable lease costs or short-term lease costs for the years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was approximately for fiscal 2023 and million for fiscal 2022. On September 9, 2021, the Company exercised an option to terminate the lease on its Tucker, Georgia location effective March 31, 2022. The terms of the option to terminate included prepaying the remaining rent through March 31, 2022, an additional penalty of three month s rent and prepaying the property taxes for 2021 and for the first three months of 2022. The Company did not modify any existing operating leases or execute any new operating leases during the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023. 
 
years 

years

Weighted average discount rate

2025

Total operating lease payments

Less imputed interest

() 

Total operating lease liabilities

The Company subleases certain of its warehousing space in Lexington, KY. It is of a nominal value. 
 
 Financing Leases

The Company has one financing lease entered into on November 23, 2020 for Tempest testing equipment for ,000. The lea se e
xpires on and the incremental borrowing rate on the lease is . 

Less: Accumulated depreciation

() 

() 
 
 Machinery and equipment, net

Current portion of financing lease liabilities

Noncurrent portion of financing lease liabilities

Total financing lease liabilities

Finance lease costs include depreciation expense of thousand and interest expense of thousand for the year ended February 28, 2023 and depreciation expense of thousand and interest expense of thousand for the year ended February 28, 2022. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for finance leases include thousand classified as operating cash flows and thousand classified as financing cash flows for the year ended February 28, 2023. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for finance leases include thousand classified as operating cash flows and thousand classified as financing cash flows for the year ended February 28, 2022. 

Total finance lease payments

Less imputed interest

() 

Total finance lease liabilities

Related Party Leases

Included in the operating lease section above are leases for manufacturing and warehouse facilities leased from Southeast Metro Savings, LLC and Honeyhill Properties, LLC (entities which are controlled by the Company s chief executive officer) under operating leases expiring at various dates through . Rent expense under these leases totaled approximately million in fiscal 2023 and million in fiscal 2022.

2025

and of consolidated net sales in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. Sales to foreign customers were of consolidated net sales in fiscal 2023 and of consolidated net sales in fiscal 2022. The Company had customers who comprised more than of the Company s sales in fiscal year 2023 and ). In addition, the Company had three customers that in aggregate comprised approximately of consolidated accounts receivable as of February 28, 2023. 

Non-cash
 activity:

Note payable to officer

Forgiveness of PPP loans (Note 4)

Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) 

Gross profit (loss)

() 
 
 Net income (loss)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Basic net income (loss) per share

() 

() 

() 
 
 Diluted net income (loss) per share

() 

() 

() 

2022

First

 Quarter

Second

 Quarter

Third

 Quarter

Fourth

 Quarter

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Net sales

Gross profit

() 

() 
 
 Net income (loss)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Basic net income (loss) per share

() 

() 

() 
 
 Diluted net income (loss) per share

() 

() 

() 
 
 3 7

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of the end of the period covered by this report (February 28, 2023). Our disclosure controls and procedures are intended to ensure that the information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as the principal executive and financial officers, respectively, to allow final decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on their evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of February 28, 2023, the CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. In the prior fiscal quarter, our CEO and CFO concluded that as of November 30, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relating to inventory. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, management remediated the material weakness identified in the prior fiscal quarter related to inventory. The Company incorporated new policies and procedures to effect stronger controls around it s inventory In fiscal 2023. The controls included regular cycle counts including a review of the activity of the items counted to strengthen the timeliness of evaluating the inventory s net realizable value given the changes in market conditions in the Company s industry. Tighter controls were imposed on incoming and outgoing shipments to ensure proper timing of the recording of these shipments. These controls were audited by management to ensure compliance. Given the new procedures and the emphasis on these internal controls, the Company believes it can rely on the internal controls around the proper timing and valuation of the inventory. The required certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer are included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The disclosures set forth in this Item 9A contain information concerning the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, internal control over financial reporting and changes to internal control referred to in those certifications. Those certifications should be read in conjunction with this Item 9A for a more complete understanding of the matters covered by the certifications. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. All internal controls, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of February 28, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO (2013 Framework) entitled Internal Control- Integrated Framework. Based on such assessment, our management concluded that as of February 28, 2023 our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Except for the remediation of the material weakness described above, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. Inherent limitations on the effectiveness of controls An effective internal control system, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error or overriding of controls, and therefore can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to reliable financial reporting. Because of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. Item 9B. Other Information. None. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The information contained in Video Display Corporation s Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days of the Company s 2023 fiscal year end (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), with respect to directors and executive officers of the Company under the headings Election of Directors and Executive Officers , is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item; provided, however, that the information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading Compensation and Stock Option Committee Report or under the heading Performance Graph shall not be incorporated herein by reference. Item 11. Executive Compensation. The information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading, Executive Compensation and Other Benefits , with respect to executive compensation, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Common Stock Ownership and Executive Compensation and Other Benefits , is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. The information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading, Transactions with Affiliates , is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading, Audit Fees and All Other Fees is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Report: Financial Statements: The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries and the Reports of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms are included in Part II, Item 8. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consolidated Balance Sheets as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022. Consolidated Statements of Operations Fiscal Years Ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022. Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) Fiscal Years Ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Fiscal Years Ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 

3(a) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3A to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-18 filed January 15, 1985). (P) 

3(b) 
 
 By-Laws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3B to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-18 filed January 15, 1985). (P) 

10(a) 
 
 Lease dated April 1, 2015 by and between Registrant (Lessee) and Ronald D. Ordway (Lessor) with respect to premises located at 1868 Tucker Industrial Road, Tucker, Georgia (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.) 

10(b) 
 
 Lease dated February 19, 2015 by and between Registrant (Lessee) and Ordway Properties LLC (Lessor) with respect to premises located at 5155 King Street, Cocoa, FL. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) to the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.) 

10(c) 
 
 Video Display Corporation 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s 2006 Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A) 

21 
 
 Subsidiary Companies 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Hancock Askew Co., LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: May 30, 2023 

VIDEO DISPLAY CORPORATION 

By: 
 
 /s/ Ronald D. Ordway 

Ronald D. Ordway 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY Know all men by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Ronald D. Ordway as attorney-in-fact, with power of substitution, for him in any and all capacity, to sign any amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature -Name 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/ Ronald D. Ordway 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, 
 
 May 30, 2023 
 
 Ronald D. Ordway 
 
 Treasurer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Gregory L. Osborn 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 May 30, 2023 
 
 Gregory L. Osborn 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

<EX-21>
 2
 d357819dex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 Video Display Corporation 
 Subsidiary Companies AYON CyberSecurity,
Inc. 5155 King Street Cocoa, Florida 32926 
 Lexel Imaging Systems 510 Henry Clay Blvd. 
 Lexington, Kentucky 40505 Unicomp GA, LLC 
 510 Henry Clay Blvd. Lexington, Kentucky 40505 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 d357819dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated May 30, 2023, relating to our audit of the Video Display Corporation and subsidiaries
(the Company consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended February 28, 2023, which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Registration Statements (No. 333-15337 and No. 333-138076) on Form S-8. 

/s/ Hancock Askew Co., LLP 

Peachtree Corners, Georgia 
 
 May 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 d357819dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ronald D. Ordway, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Video Display
Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: May 30, 2023 

/s/ Ronald D. Ordway 

Ronald D. Ordway 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 d357819dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Gregory L. Osborn, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Video Display
Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: May 30, 2023 

/s/ Gregory L. Osborn 

Gregory L. Osborn 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 d357819dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C SECTION 1350) 
 The undersigned, as the Chief Executive Officer of Video Display Corporation, certifies that, to the best of his knowledge and belief, the Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 (the Report ), which accompanies this certification, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Video Display Corporation at the dates and for the periods indicated. The foregoing certification
is made pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) and shall not be relied upon for any other purpose. 

This 30th day of May, 2023 

/s/ Ronald D. Ordway 

Ronald D. Ordway 

Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or
otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Video Display Corporation and will be retained by Video Display Corporation and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C SECTION 1350) The undersigned, as the Chief Financial Officer of Video Display Corporation, certifies that, to the best of his
knowledge and belief, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 (the Report ), which accompanies this certification, fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Video Display Corporation at the dates and for the
periods indicated. The foregoing certification is made pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) and shall not be relied upon for any other purpose. 

This 30th day of May, 2023 

/s/ Gregory L Osborn 

Gregory L Osborn 

Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or
otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Video Display Corporation and will be retained by Video Display Corporation and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The information in this Exhibit 32.1 shall not be deemed filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such
filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 vide-20230228.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vide-20230228_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vide-20230228_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vide-20230228_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

