<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230410_10-K_edgar_data_925660_0001548123-23-000072.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4126691</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>129815</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>876116</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>854599</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1157461</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1033032</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001548123-23-000072.hdr.sgml : 20230410
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230407175446
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001548123-23-000072
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230410
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLEXPOINT SENSOR SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000925660
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEASURING & CONTROLLING DEVICES, NEC [3829]
		IRS NUMBER:				870620425
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24368
		FILM NUMBER:		23809357

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5718 WEST DANNON WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			WEST JORDAN
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84081
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-568-5111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5718 WEST DANNON WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			WEST JORDAN
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84081

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MICROPOINT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980424

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NANOTECH CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940620

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001548123-23-000072.txt : 20230410

10-K
 1
 flxt-20221231.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

[ ] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition
period ___to___ 

Commission file number: No. 

FLEXPOINT SENSOR SYSTEMS,
INC . 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code : - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

 Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).	 [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer [ ] [X] Accelerated filer [ ] Smaller reporting company [ ] Emerging growth company 

1 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has filed a report on and
attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant
recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes [ ] No [ ] 

The aggregate market value of 104,990,446 shares of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold 0.03), as of the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) was approximately . 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock,
as of April 7, 2023, was . 

Documents incorporated by reference: 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 12 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 12 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 12 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 12 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 13 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 18 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 35 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 35 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 36 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 36 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 37 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 38 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 40 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 40 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 41 
 
 Signatures 
 42 

3 

In this annual report references to Company , Flexpoint ,
 Flexpoint Sensor, we, us, and our refer to Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc. 

 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC encourages
companies to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand future prospects and make informed investment
decisions. This report contains these types of statements. Words such as may, expect, believe, 
 anticipate, estimate, project, or continue or comparable terminology used in connection
with any discussion of future operating results or financial performance identify forward-looking statements. You are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. All forward-looking
statements reflect our present expectation of future events and are subject to a number of important factors and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

HISTORICAL DEVELOPMENT 

Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc. was incorporated in the state of Delaware
in June 1992 as Nanotech Corporation. In April 1998, Nanotech changed the company name to Micropoint, Inc. and in July 1999 Micropoint
changed its name to Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc. Flexpoint was forced to seek bankruptcy protection on July 3, 2001, and filed a voluntary
petition for reorganization pursuant to Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. On February 24, 2004, the bankruptcy court confirmed
Flexpoint's Plan of Reorganization. We used fresh-start reporting and all assets of Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc. were restated
to reflect their reorganization value, which approximated the fair value at the date of reorganization. 

BUSINESS OVERVIEW 

Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc. Flexpoint , or Company ),
is principally engaged in designing, engineering and manufacturing bend sensor technology and products using its patented Bend Sensor 
technology, (a flexible potentiometer technology). We continue to make further improvements to our technologies, manufacturing and developing
fully integrated devices and related products that we have been marketing and selling to a variety of companies in diverse industries.
We are negotiating and signing agreements, including licensing agreements, purchase orders and contracts that have provided some revenues
and have proven that our sensors are more durable, adaptable and cost effective than any other product currently on the market. 

The Company owns six patents, including patents on specific devices that
use the Bend Sensor and we have exclusive rights through licensing agreements to other patents and devices. We are continuing
to develop and enhance our intellectual properties that could result in additional patents being filed. The Company currently manufactures,
and has jointly developed, at least thirty products that are being sold and supplied to current customers and we continue to receive orders
for custom prototype sensors as well as our standard sensors. We are continuing to develop and enhance our intellectual properties that
could result in additional patents being filed. 

The COVID-19 Pandemic the Pandemic ), and its continuation
and resurgence, has had a dramatic effect on our business as well as the business of our customers. The wide-ranging effects on the world-wide
business market has led to either a slowdown or a general reluctance for businesses to move forward with entering into major commitments
until their future markets have been clarified. Because of this, we have experienced a significant slowdown in the size and number of
orders received and, while we cannot predict when the influence of the Pandemic will end, we have recently experienced an upturn in orders
and we expect that orders will return to their former levels and even increase following a return to normal business operations. 

During 2022 we focused our marketing efforts on a number of larger
domestic and international companies that have applications which have the potential to greatly increase the volume of sensors we
are currently manufacturing. As of the date of this report, the Company had a number of global commercial partners covering a
variety of different products. In coordination with its partners, the Company introduced several new products during the last two
years. Management believes this growth in sales channels will allow the Company to grow at an increasingly accelerated rate over the
next several quarters. 

Our sales and marketing efforts have been targeted toward the development
of new relationships with clients while maintaining and strengthening relationships already developed with several Tier 1 (major) suppliers
in the automotive, health and AR/VR industries. We have built and shipped orders to a number of these companies to enable them to test
the utilization of our sensors into their existing, new and developing product lines. 

4 

The Company continues to develop relationships in a number of application
fields. Flexpoint has established relationships with several medical IoT vendors. These include companies like Neofect and Gloreha; all
with a focus on medical rehabilitation with a different approach. Products from these companies range from gloves to prosthetics to virtual
reality, all with the intention of improving medical health or medical rehab. On December 15, 2022 the Company announced successful delivery
of significant glove orders, with additional orders from top innovative medical rehabilitative equipment leader Idrogenet/Gloreha. 

In July 2021 we announced the addition of key resellers and partners in
the Pacific Rim. These are companies Flexpoint has done business with in the past, and these moves strengthen and expand the strategic
nature of the relationships. We are realizing new orders from them and anticipate additional immediate and significant volume purchases
which will propel us further into existing key markets, as well as expand the reach of the Bend Sensor technology into new vertical
markets and geographies. 

We also announced that Flexpoint continues to work with Resellers/Channel
partners such as PayPal, Woo Commerce, Amazon, and from orders placed on our website. We are working to increase this market area as it
provides effective and significant growth and scale. 

In addition to the sale of our products and engineering and design services,
we also may consider generating revenues through licensing our unique technology for field of use or territory. We will attempt to negotiate
each license agreement to contain a provision for either first right of refusal to manufacture, or royalty provisions for specific products
or applications, or both. We have continued to concentrate our marketing efforts on sensors and electronics which we consider to be quick-to-market
production orders, and on engineering services that have generated limited, but immediate, revenues that have provided cash flow and name
recognition. We have also continued our marketing efforts in the automotive industry. Due to the size and the numerous regulations inherent
in the automotive industry, it requires a significantly longer time to develop and acquire approvals for new technologies. However, as
there are high volumes and long-term contracts associated within the automotive industry, we anticipate that this industry will potentially
generate significant long-term revenue streams. 

We continue to work with Tier 1 automotive suppliers on a variety of products
that are in various stages of development and implementation. Both the medical and automotive industries have undergone significant changes
over the past several years. This changing environment has created delays in the implementation of the automotive and medical devices
and therefore, over the past several years, we have focused our limited resources and marketing efforts on sensors and products that,
in the aggregate, will generate a smaller dollar volume than those anticipated from our medical or automotive devices, but have a quicker
pathway to market and have generated needed limited, but immediate, cash flow while providing additional name and product recognition
that we believe will provide long term benefits. Based upon the current interest in our sensors from both the automotive and medical industries,
we anticipate that over the next twelve months, we will begin producing larger repeatable volumes of sensors and devices in these focus
industries. 

PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS 

Bend Sensor Technology 

The Company owns the patent rights to our Bend Sensor 
technology. The Bend Sensor is a flexible potentiometer; the bend sensor consists of a coated substrate, such as plastic,
that changes electrical conductivity as it is bent in a consistent manner. Electronic systems connect to this sensor and measure in detail
the amount of bending or movement that occurs in a predictable manner. Certain applications of the Bend Sensor potentiometer
have been patented (See Patents and Intellectual Property, below). 

A typical potentiometer functions through the means of metal contacts
swiping or rubbing across a resistive element. Our Bend Sensor potentiometer is a single layer with no mechanical assembly
which makes it more reliable and significantly smaller, lighter in weight and usually less expensive than mechanical potentiometers. Management
believes many sensor applications can be improved using our technology and that the use of our technology will result in new products
and new sensor applications, including the USB Bend Sensor kit, which has found application in a wide range of products
since its introduction in 2015. 

Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc. is a company engaged principally in
improving its unique sensor technology, expanding its suite of products, developing new sensor applications, obtaining financing and seeking
long-term sustainable manufacturing contracts. Our operations have not yet commenced to a commercially sustainable level and include
designing, engineering, manufacturing and selling sensor technology and products featuring our Bend Sensor technology
and equipment. 

We have developed the following applications and devices using the
Bend Sensor technology and are currently marketing these items: 

5 

Glove Systems 

In the rapidly growing and emerging wearables space, Flexpoint has recently
received additional purchase orders from multiple glove manufacturers across various market sub-segments, including medical, gaming and
virtual reality. The speed to market commercialization plans of these companies are driving this increased order volume.
Flexpoint is aggressively going after this evolving market. The Pandemic has slowed the orders and, while we cannot predict when the influence
of the Pandemic will end, we have seen a recent increase in both the size and number of orders and expect this pattern to continue and
increase throughout the remainder of 2023 following a return to business. In aggregate, Bend Sensor wearables order volumes are expected
to number in the tens of thousands in 2023. The wearables market segment is clearly one where our technology is easily adapted and truly
illustrates our technological differentiation. Flexpoint s willingness and ability to customize sensors for these innovative companies
and deliver them at a competitive price point allows us to deliver real value to our customers. 

On June 15, 2020, Flexpoint announced its largest order from Manus VR https://manus-vr.com/,
consisting of 1,000 pairs of sensors for gloves to be phased into three deliveries. All of the products ordered have been delivered. In
early 2021 we received an even larger order for 3,200 sensors from Manus VR. We delivered the first 800 sensors during the second quarter
of 2021 and the remaining 2,400 sensors were produced and delivered during the third quarter of 2021. 

The Company s Bend Sensor continues to be a part of the world s
most trending sectors, one being the VR/AR market. The VR/AR industry is predicted to reach more than 25 billion by 2025 and show steady
growth, thereafter. We later announced on-time delivery of those orders and receipt of additional orders. 

In June of 2022 we announced significant
growth and high demand for the Flexpoint Glove Bend Sensor. This sensor has been well developed over the years and is now highly sought
after by the large Virtual Reality (VR) companies and their markets. The Company currently has 20 different customers ordering the patented
Bend sensor with approximately 10 of these being major companies giving us reoccurring orders. Our largest companies being Manus and a
Pacific Rim Supplier. 

The Company has received Glove
Sensor orders totaling 130,000 during the last quarter of 2021 and first quarter of 2022 with approximately 35,000 additional orders
in May. We are now seeing significantly larger orders of the Glove Sensor from larger companies on a reoccurring basis and believe that
this revenue source will continue to grow. 

In July of 2022 we announced the
on-time delivery of the previously announced orders from top virtual reality leaders, Manus VR and Neofect. Flexpoint's Bend Sensor 
continues to be highly sought after as the Virtual Reality (VR) market accelerates and the demand for innovative medical equipment grows. 

In November of 2022 we announced
receipt of additional glove orders from virtual reality leaders Manus VR and Idrogenet/Glohrea. 

In December of 2022 we announced
delivery and receipt of additional orders from Idrogenet/Gloreha. 

Manus VR has many clients of large industries such as Netflix, Google,
and Rolls Royce. Manus VR is widely known for its role in virtual reality gaming and recently announced its newest design, Manus Polygon.
Manus Polygon is a tracking system that eliminates the need for any kind of full-body suit, providing a full-body solution for enterprise
VR. Manus Polygon is the latest in real-time software to enable fluid full-body motion within any virtual environment. 

Other 

These ground-breaking glove systems, combined with unique, leading edge
software applications, also adapt to a wide range of other applications, including health rehabilitation, unmanned systems control, smartphone
interaction and professional training across multiple industries. In addition to producing an array of Bend Sensors , the
Company is under agreement to supply integrated assemblies comprised of multiple sensor types and associated electronics. 

In the VR/VA market space, orders of increasing size and frequency were
received during 2022 and additional orders are expected in 2023 from Manus VR and Neofect as they strive to fulfill production orders.
Flexpoint also received orders from other global VR/AR customers during the last quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022. It is
expected that these orders will increase as the impact of the Pandemic enables businesses to resume normal operations. 

Finalizing long-term, constant revenue generating production contracts
with our existing and additional customers remains our greatest challenge because our on-going business is dependent on the types of revenues
and cash flows generated by such contracts. Cash flow and cash requirement risks are closely tied to and are dependent upon our ability
to attract significant long-term production contracts. We must continue to obtain funding to operate and expand our operations so that
we can deliver our unique Bend Sensor and Bend Sensor related technologies and products to the market.
 Management believes that even though we are making positive strides forward with our business plan we will need to raise additional
operating capital. 

6 

Automotive Products 

For the past several years, we have been in negotiations with several Tier
1 suppliers and OEMs and have proved the benefit and capabilities of the Bend Sensor technology in the automotive industry. 

In May 2021, Flexpoint announced that they had formalized a Joint Development
and Supply Agreement between Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc. and De Amertek Corporation. The companies will work together and collaborate
to develop electronics with integrated sensor technologies for an occupant classification system and other automotive products. We are
currently collaborating on three separate projects with domestic and foreign automotive manufacturers. De Amertek is a leading designer
and manufacturer of microelectronics and one of the most specialized sources of custom-made electronic modules. Headquartered in Chicago,
IL, its world-class manufacturing facility and supply chain network exceeds customer expectations in quality, delivery, service and time
to market. De Amertek is making way for futuristic developments and setting trends in the technology world. 

In July 2021 we announced that we are continuing to work closely with a
Fortune 50 automotive company on the integration of a system utilizing Flexpoint s patented Bend Sensor technology which was
included in a patent issued to the major automotive manufacturer. By utilizing Flexpoint s technology, this manufacturer, along
with Flexpoint, has created an innovative application for automobiles and trucks which allows them to optimize the ride quality of the
vehicle. Flexpoint is actively working with the manufacturer on implementation of this new technology in vehicles. 

In August 2021 we announced that the Company has entered into an agreement
with a leading manufacturer of autonomous vehicles for the design and production of an impact detection system utilizing Flexpoint s
patented Bend Sensor technology. This manufacturer is a significant player in autonomous vehicle development and production. The
initial order will be delivered within 45 days with the probability of larger scale production occurring during 2022. 

In September 8, 2021, we announced that they have recently entered into
a new agreement with a major automotive manufacturer for the design and production of parts to be utilized in the finalization of an innovative
application of Flexpoint s technology for cars and trucks to maximize the ride quality of the vehicle. We believe this application
will provide significant cost savings over existing systems and lead to wide spread application of this technology. 

In August of 2022 we announced delivery of sensors under the second purchase
order for an impact detection system for an autonomous vehicle manufacturer. We later announced additional interest from another manufacturer
of autonomous vehicles in our OCS system. 

Additionally, in August of 2022 we announced that we have seen significant
market interest and the recent adoption of a variety of sensor applications including the Flexpoint seat occupancy sensor and the companies 
more sophisticated, Occupant Classification System (OCS), along with integration of the Impact Detection System. We are currently working
with both North American and foreign automotive manufacturers on these systems. These companies include Fortune 500 automotive manufacturers
as well as new, well financed companies in the EV and Autonomous Driving vehicle market spaces. We look forward to announcing production
agreements with our partners and their anticipated production schedules as the agreements are formalized. We are also working on entering
into an arrangement with a large after-market seller for seat products. 

In October of 2022 we announced completion
of deliveries under the second purchase order for an Impact Detection System. As previously announced Flexpoint has entered into
an agreement with a leading US based manufacturer/OEM to provide an impact detection system for their autonomous vehicles in the United
States. An autonomous vehicle is a driverless vehicle that is capable of sensing its environment and moving safely with little or no human
input. 

In November of 2022 we announced completion and delivery of the previous
order and receipt of an order for delivery of additional sensors for an impact detection sensor for the manufacturer of autonomous vehicle
that we have been working with. 

Medical Devices 

Disposable Colonoscope 

We have partnered with Haemoband Surgical Ltd. and have satisfactorily
completed initial testing for their disposable colonoscope device, which uses our Bend Sensor technology to monitor the
device's position while the procedure is conducted on the patient. Testing to date has demonstrated the ability of Flexpoint's sensor
to graphically display the shape of the colonoscope and to accurately detect any looping of the scope. With more accurate readings on
the position of the device, doctors can minimize complications that can arise from the colonoscope coiling, and can reduce the time required
to perform the procedure. With the Bend Sensor the current monitoring equipment can graphically display the position and
formation of the colonoscope. We are currently waiting for Haemoband to develop a market for the product. 

7 

Other Medical Devices 

Flexpoint has had repeat, multiple order volume from medical IoT customers
such as South Korea-based Neofect. These customers produce award winning and commercially available Bend Sensor - based
rehabilitation systems. 

Flexpoint is also involved in the following products for the automotive
industry: 

Emergency Vehicles 

Intertek Industrial Corp., located in Jacksonville, Florida, is a
leading supplier of quality seatbelt systems and safety devices to the emergency vehicle market. Their Protek Passenger Awareness System
uses our Bend Sensor technology to enhance the safety of passengers and personnel in emergency vehicles. The system is
installed in the seats of the rear compartments of the emergency vehicle and provides the driver with constant feedback as to the seated
and secured status of passengers and personnel in the rear of the vehicle. The system is currently installed in about 30 ambulances
and is being tested for use in other types of emergency vehicles. Intertek continues to issue additional purchase orders for their existing
and new customers. 

Flow Control Applications 

Our flexible sensor has proven to be an extremely robust and durable
flow control switch. The Bend Sensor product allows for the measurement of liquid and air flow, and has been tested
to over 35 million cycles without failure. The Company is currently working with a global leader in cleaning, sanitizing, food
safety products who have been testing the Bend Sensor as a measuring and dispensing device for their harsh chemical
products. When the Bend Sensor device is placed in a flow stream, it can measure if flow is occurring, or it
can measure the amount of flow that is occurring. The fact that our design incorporates a single layer flexible device allows it to
effectively operate in many harsh environments. While other technologies are affected by dirt, dust, and liquids, the Bend
Sensor product is able to reliably operate in those environments. An international supplier of integrated
tinting solutions is interested in a similar dispensing system for its paint manufacturers, retail chains and plastic producers. We
continue to receive inquiries from a variety of industries for flow applications. In July of 2022 we announced the delivery of
specialized sensors for detection of over pressure rising in hydraulic systems and has delivered Flexpoint s Bend Sensors to a
global manufacturer of rupture discs, pressure and vacuum-relief valves, and other safety-critical pressure-relief products. We
received an additional order for delivery in the first quarter of 2023 and expect to continue to receive orders for this and related
products from this manufacturer. 

Monitoring Systems 

In October, 2018, the Company announced it had signed a five-year manufacturing
and supply agreement with Counted LLC. Counted LLC conceived of a medication delivery monitoring system and dispensing monitoring system.
Flexpoint designed and produced the monitoring system with Flexpoint features, Flexpoint technology and Flexpoint designed electronics
to track and report the dispensing of medications in real time. The information has the potential to be transmitted to physicians, pharmacists
and government agencies. Prototypes have been built and successfully tested with additional production and testing continuing. Counted
LLC has recently raised capital to complete the development and testing of necessary software to bring the product to market. 

In July of 2022 we announced the advancement of the pill dispensing application
to work with wireless communication protocols. In September we announced that there has been a significant increase in efforts to complete
development of the Pill Pack for prescription tracking. 

Shoe Application 

We have continued our work with Bend Tech, LLC to develop and market a
sensor system that will provide real time feedback and analysis on balance, performance and cadence to runners and other athletes. Utilizing
several of our patented Bend Sensor technology sensors, located within the shoe, provides real-time feedback of a runner's
performance that can be utilized for training and teaching proper technique that will aid in the prevention of injuries. 

Because the sensor features a single layer construction, the sensors are
not damaged or degraded by dust, dirt or other particulates. Moisture and immersion in mud, water, sweat and many other chemicals are
not an issue. 

The system will provide real time analysis showing balance, performance
and other pertinent data relating to the performance of the individual. The fast response time of the sensor allows it to provide time
differentials between heel and toe strike. Other metrics like cadence, ground contact time, the time the foot is not in contact with the
ground; shoe loading and unloading profiles and information critical to training and injury prevention can be measured and captured for
later review and analysis. Running information can be easily integrated into social media and training logs for quick feedback and analysis.
The electronics include miniaturized printed circuit boards, a wireless communication system, blue tooth technologies, wireless rechargeable
batteries and "smart phone" interface. 

8 

While introduction of the electronics for the product has been delayed,
we expect to have the product available for delivery in 2023. Bend Tech is attempting to finalize partnerships with larger companies already
involved in the athletic shoe industry for distribution. 

Swell Sensor 

On July 25, 2019, the Company announced that they had filed a provisional
patent for the new Swell Sensor or Battery Expansion Sensor, BXS ), designed to detect and stop a Lithium
ion or Lithium Polymer battery from charging or discharging, preventing a thermal runway; one of the major ways battery fires occur. 

Li-ion and Li-polymer batteries are used today in everything from phones
to electric cars. Flexpoint s technology included in the provisional patent provides a method to protect these batteries, their
products and those who use them every day, measuring the expansion or swelling of the battery effectively stopping a potentially dangerous
state. 

Batteries become over heated, over
charged, or simply fail due to old age. When this occurs, it s possible for the inner cells of the battery to outgas a flammable
electrolyte mixture, causing the battery to swell. The Flexpoint BXS Sensor addresses the swollen battery effect, as batteries are designed
to contain as a failsafe the measure of out gassing. The Flexpoint Swell Sensor detects the condition, effectively shutting down
the short circuit. Without this type of detection, some batteries can eventually reach temperatures over 1000 F. Designed to detect
the dangerous expansion and stop a Lithium ion or Lithium polymer battery from charging or discharging, the Flexpoint battery expansion
sensor was created to prevent thermal runaway (this is how most battery fires occur). The battery expansion sensor can detect a swollen
battery and take appropriate action, effectively shutting it down and sending a notice to the user that the battery is no longer safe. 

The Company is currently collaborating with Fortune 100 companies involving
the battery expansion sensor. The overall testing phases range from six to nine months. With confidentiality agreements in place, Flexpoint
is now in development with these and other companies to integrate the Battery Expansion Sensor into their products. 

During a conference call announcing operating results for the second quarter
of 2020 representatives of the Company announced that with the agreements that had been signed and the projects they were pursuing, it
was transitioning from a development company to a sales and marketing company. This represents a significant change for the Company. The
Company continues to negotiate additional significant orders with major revenue potential as the bend sensor gains global awareness. 

Other Applications 

Management believes the potential market for our technology includes
using the technology to replace or upgrade existing devices used in industrial control systems, medical equipment and instrumentation,
computer peripherals, automotive transmission equipment, commercial vending equipment and other devices. We have developed, or are
developing: 

a rupture disc/bursting disc utilizing the Bend Sensor as the detection/alarm element
of a ruptured disc device; 

video gaming devices; and 

other sports applications 

We intend to further identify applications of our technology in numerous
fields and industries. A core marketing strategy is to seek applications of our technology for products used by customers that emphasize
functionality, reliability, quality, and user convenience. 

BUSINESS STRATEGY 

Due to the many potential applications of our technology and our limited
financial and other resources, management made the decision to focus our marketing efforts on a few products that can be brought to market
quickly, will provide maximum exposure for the technology and will generate additional orders for products from a growing customer base.
This has required us to coordinate our product design, manufacturing, distribution and service strategies in a long-term business model,
while still generating short term revenues. Another strategic marketing strategy has been to develop a standard line of sensor products
with corresponding hardware, electronics and software to facilitate ease of implementation of our technology into a customer's existing
system. 

Our standard product line is expected to be sold directly to the customer
and through manufacturer's representatives and distributors and on-line sales channels. We have also expanded our product offering to
include substantially complete value-added assemblies, which includes the electronics and software. We continue to consider the licensing
of our technology and/or products or strategic partnership arrangements that will generate sufficient revenues to sustain our operations.
We anticipate selling primarily to OEM or Tier 1 suppliers for worldwide distribution. For our international customers, we anticipate
selling and distributing our products through various manufacturer representatives and distributors. 

9 

Since our intended customers are typically technology companies, the
design phase of the sales cycle is extremely important and considerably longer than in other industries. The original equipment manufacturers
typically approach us with a conceptual product and request that we assist in the initial engineering, design, development and production
of a working prototype from which we generate limited revenues. The prototype is then tested in the environment in which the ultimate
product will be placed. During this process, the customer is in frequent contact with our application and electrical engineers.
Customers also meet with internal sales and support individuals to discuss marketing and distribution channels and strategies for the
end consumer products. 

We also have added value by expanding our sensor product lines to
include circuit boards, enclosures, etc. and have moved toward a fully integrated product while validating and showing the versatility
of our Bend Sensor technology. As mentioned above we currently have several such fully developed products that will directly
compete with existing products in the automotive industry. We have also used like designs to develop similar products in other industries,
thus leveraging the initial engineering and design work. We believe our products provide great reliability and functionality and can be
implemented at a lower overall cost to the customer. These fully integrated products will create a much larger value-added profit margin
for us. However, there is no assurance that such profit margins will be achieved or that these products will be produced in volumes sufficient
to generate significant revenue in the near future. 

MARKETING AND SALES 

Our products are being marketed directly to manufacturers or distributors
and we offer our automotive products primarily to original equipment manufacturers OEM s ), either directly or through
Tier 1 suppliers, or through collaborative efforts with other specialized suppliers. Our primary marketing objectives are to continue
to generate demand for our products, enhance name and product recognition and support OEM s and manufactures. As we gain success
in branding our name and product recognition, we believe the successful use of our products by OEM s and Tier 1 suppliers will generate
additional demand for higher quantity orders of our existing products. We also anticipate that the success of our existing products will
allow us to successfully introduce new products and applications to the market. 

Due to limited resources our sales strategy depends on a few OEM s
and manufacturers and, were we to lose their business, it will have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations until alternative
distribution channels can be established. We may consider contractual commitments to OEM s and Tier 1 suppliers in exchange
for fees and/or royalties. In addition, because we sell on a limited basis directly to end users, we are dependent, in part, on
the OEM s for information about retail product sales and demand for sensor technology. Accordingly, any rapid cessation of
purchases or a switch to other companies' products by end users may not be immediately evident to us, and could result in increased product
returns. 

We have enhanced our website at www.flexpoint.com to include videos
on our current projects and also intend to market our products through the use of other social media, and by developing a field sales
force which includes direct marketing employees in strategic areas and potentially manufacturer s representatives nationwide to
generate OEM and Tier 1 supplier customers. As our market grows, we anticipate expanding our distribution network throughout the
world. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing such a sales force or in expanding our distribution network. 

MANUFACTURING AND DISTRIBUTION 

Automobile manufacturers, Tier 1 suppliers and many international companies
require all parts to be manufactured in ISO/TS-16949 certified facilities. IS0/TS-16949 is a Quality Management System that contains the
particular requirements for the application of ISO 9001:2000 for automotive production and relevant service part organization. TS-16949
is based on ISO requirements 9001:2000, but contains additional requirements that are specific to the automotive industry. These
additions are considered automotive interpretations by the ISO community of accreditation bodies and registrars. TS-16949
is a common supplier quality standard for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, Ford Motor Company and General Motors Corporation. TS-16949 applies
to suppliers of production materials, production and service parts, heat treating, painting and plating and other finishing services.
It does not, therefore, apply to all suppliers of the major automotive companies. 

When volumes dictate, our goal will be to either qualify our production
line and facility as an ISO/TS 16949 production line and facility as it is required for manufacturing automotive and related parts, or
to enter into manufacturing agreements with other qualified manufacturers. We may qualify our production line and facilities. We have
entered into an agreement with the Walker Component Group to assist in meeting these qualifications now. The Walker Component Group is
a well-established manufacturing company with expertise and certifications, including ISO 9001:2008, ROHS and REACH certifications that
will dramatically enhance Flexpoint s assembly infrastructure and assist to market products such as those that have been developed
with HTK Engineering and InterTek. With numerous Fortune 100 clients, the Walker Component Group will add considerable experience, prestige,
and confidence to every project that it enters into with Flexpoint. This agreement will increase
the marketability of our products to automotive Tier 1 and major parts suppliers. 

10 

SOURCE OF RAW MATERIALS 

The Bend Sensor product consists of a coated substrate,
such as plastic, that changes in electrical conductivity as it is bent. Electronic systems connect to the sensor and measure with fine
detail the amount of bending or movement that occurs. The single layer design of the Bend Sensor eliminates many of the
problems associated with conventional sensors such as dust, dirt, liquids, heat or pressure. Depending on the application an over-laminate
or over-molding may also be applied to the sensors for added environmental protection. Due to its unique construction and the ability
to use multiple types of substrates, all raw materials needed to produce the Bend Sensor are readily available and therefore
the Company is not reliant on a single supplier. 

COMPETITION 

The sensor business is highly competitive and competition is expected
to continue to increase. We will compete directly with firms that have longer operating histories, more experience, substantially
greater financial resources, greater size, more substantial research and development and marketing organizations, established distribution
channels and are better situated in the market. We do not yet have an established long term customer base that orders products on
a constant basis and we will encounter a high degree of competition as we develop a larger customer base. 

To management's knowledge, technology similar to our technology is
currently in production by other competitors. Management believes that our products will be sufficiently distinguishable from the existing
products so that it will not compete directly with existing sensor products. Certain force transducer sensors and fiber optic sensors
are comparable to our Bend Sensor technology; however, management believes that the force transducer sensor is not as
reliable as our Bend Sensor technology and that the fiber optic sensors are not as cost effective as our Bend Sensor 
technology. As this new area grows, additional manufacturers may attempt to introduce similar products and competition could intensify. 

In the medical electronics field, our competitors are the potentiometer
manufacturers. In the auto seat field, our competitors are the numerous capacitive, piezo, infrared, force sensor resister and ultrasonic
sensor manufacturers. Such competitors may use their economic strength and relationships to influence the market to continue to
buy their existing products. One or more of these competitors could use their resources to improve their current products or develop
new products that may compete more effectively with our products. New competitors may emerge and may develop products and capabilities
which compete directly with our products. No assurance can be given that we will be successful in competing in the industries identified
or in other industries that would benefit from our Bend Sensor technology. 

We intend to compete by offering products that have enhanced value,
added features, ease of use, functionality, compatibility, reliability, comparable price, quality and support. Management also believes
our intellectual property provides an advantage over current competitors. Although management believes that our products will be
well received in the various sensor markets because of their innovative features, performance characteristics and cost-effective pricing,
there can be no assurance that comparable or superior products incorporating more advanced technology or other features or having better
price or performance characteristics will not be introduced by competitors with greater resources than ours. 

PATENTS AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

We regard certain of our designs as proprietary and attempt to protect
them with patents and by restricting disclosure of the designs as trade secrets. We have six issued or pending patents for our Bend
Sensor technology and have exclusive rights to additional patents and intellectual property, and are in the process of
preparing additional patents for new types of sensors and devices using our technology. Due to the joint development of the medical bed
product, we believe we also have claims and protection under the patents filed for this specific application. Patents do expire
and it will be necessary for us to file patents in the United States and in various foreign countries for each application we develop
so that it is protected from competition. We also have products that use our unique sensor technology and we are exploring the
viability of filing new patents based on the enhancements and the specific applications or value-added products. We must file patents
on any technology for which we develop enhancements that contain material improvements to the original technology, thereby extending the
original life of our original patents. We are aware of three potentially conflicting patents which we believe will not affect our
current or planned use of our technology. 

There can be no assurance that the protection provided by patents
and patent applications, if issued, will be broad enough to prevent competitors from introducing similar products or that such patents,
if challenged, will be upheld by the courts of any jurisdiction. Patent infringement litigation, either to enforce our patents or defend
us from infringement suits, are expensive and could divert resources from other planned uses. 

11 

Patent applications filed in foreign countries and patents in those
countries are subject to laws and procedures that differ from those in the United States. Patent protection in foreign countries
may be different from patent protection under United States laws and may not be as favorable to us. We also attempt to protect our
proprietary information through the use of confidentiality agreements and by limiting access to our facilities. There can be no
assurance that our program of patents, confidentiality agreements and restricted access to our facilities will be sufficient to protect
our proprietary technology. 

Management believes that because of the rapid pace of technological
change in our markets, legal protection of our proprietary information is less significant to our competitive position than factors such
as continuing product innovation in response to evolving industry standards, technical and cost-effective manufacturing expertise, effective
product marketing strategies and customer service. Without legal protection; however, it may be possible for third parties to commercially
exploit the proprietary aspects of our products. 

MAJOR CUSTOMERS 

Currently, we have a limited customer base and for the year ending
2022 five customers represented approximately 88 of the Company s revenue. 

EMPLOYEES 

As of the date of this filing we have three full time employees, one
part-time employee, and we employ three to five sub-contractors and multiple consultants. Until we are under full production with some
of our products, we will continue to use sub-contractors and consultants which helps to keep our overall labor cost to a minimum. Our
employees are not presently covered by any collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages and believe
that our relations with our employees are good. 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 

Additional information is available on our website at www.flexpoint.com 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, we are not required to provide the information for this Item. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

 We currently occupy approximately 8,029 square feet of office
and manufacturing space leased from D M Management, Inc. The building is located in a commercial business district in West Jordan,
Utah, which consists primarily of high-tech manufacturing firms and it is located adjacent to a major intersection, allowing easy access
to Utah s main interstate highway. The lease is for a period of twelve months with a 90-day notice clause if our intent is to renew
the lease for additional periods. 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not a party to any legal proceedings as of the date of this filing. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable to our operations. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER 

 MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

MARKET INFORMATION 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol
 FLXT. Any over-the-counter market quotations in this trading system reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up,
mark-downs or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

12 

Our shares are subject to Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Securities
and Exchange Act, commonly referred to as the penny stock rule. The rule defines penny stock to be any equity security that
has a market price less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. These rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to
trade or maintain a market in our common stock and may affect the ability of shareholders to sell their shares. Broker-dealers who
sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must make a special suitability determination for
the purchase of the security. Accredited investors, in general, include individuals with assets in excess of 1,000,000 (not including
the value of their personal residence) or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 together with their spouse, and certain institutional
investors. The rules require the broker-dealer to receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the
purchase and require the broker-dealer to deliver a risk disclosure document relating to the penny stock prior to the first transaction.
 A broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, and current
quotations for the security. Finally, monthly statements must be sent to customers disclosing recent price information for the penny
stocks. 

HOLDERS 

As of March 25, 2023 we had approximately 481 stockholders of
record of our common stock, which does not include street accounts of securities brokers. Our transfer agent is
Standard Registrar Transfer Co., Inc., located in Salt Lake City, Utah. 

DIVIDENDS 

We have not paid cash or stock dividends and have no present plan
to pay any dividends. We intend to retain any earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business and the payment of
any cash dividends on our common stock is unlikely. However, our board of directors may revisit this matter from time to time and
may determine our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors allow the payment of dividends. 

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 

On March 15, 2022, Capital Communications converted two notes into
shares of the Company s restricted common stock. One note was entered into on April 10, 2018 in the amount of 200,000 which
had a principal balance of 210,000 and interest accrued but unpaid of 74,775. The second note was entered into on September 10,
2020 in the amount of 245,000 and had accrued and unpaid interest of 28,271. Both of the notes provided for conversion rates at
 0.05 per share. The conversion resulted in the issuance of 11,160,931 shares of restricted common stock. The conversion is reported
in the results of the year ended December 31, 2022. We relied on an exemption from the registration requirements provided
by Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act. 

ISSUER PURCHASE OF SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc. is a company engaged principally in
improving its unique sensor technology, expanding its suite of products, developing new sensor applications, obtaining financing and seeking
long-term sustainable manufacturing contracts, licensing agreements and royalty agreements. Our operations have not yet commenced
to a commercially sustainable level and include designing, engineering, manufacturing, licensing and selling sensor technology and products
featuring our Bend Sensor technology and equipment. 

Finalizing long-term, constant revenue generating production contracts
with our existing and other customers remains our greatest challenge because our on-going business is dependent on the types of revenues
and cash flows generated by such contracts. Cash flow and cash requirement risks are closely tied to and are dependent upon our ability
to attract significant long-term production contracts. We must continue to obtain funding to operate and expand our operations so that
we can deliver our unique Bend Sensor and Bend Sensor related technologies and products to the market.
 Management believes that even though we are making positive strides forward with our business plan we will need to raise additional
operating capital. 

13 

Worldwide automakers are faced with the challenge of providing a safer,
more energy efficient, longer lasting product that consumers can afford. This has required automakers to search new and innovative ways
to lower the overall weight of the vehicle and to improve its fuel efficiencies, while lowering the cost. We continue to experience an
increased interest regarding automotive and other potential applications for our sensor technology because they meet this criterion. With
its versatility, light weight, single layer construction and the fact that it is currently being used in various safety devices the Bend
Sensor is positioned well to meet the challenges that the automobile industry is facing. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Currently our revenue is primarily from design contract, testing and production
services for prototypes and samples and recurring business, and is not to a level to support our operations. However, we believe,
based upon current orders and projected orders over the next twelve months, that we could be producing sensors under long-term contracts
that will help support our existing operations and potential future growth. Management recognizes such contracts usually go through a
long negotiation process and there can be no guarantee that we will be successful in our negotiations or that such contracts will be sufficient
to support our current operations in the near future. 

For the past twelve months we have relied on the proceeds of
convertible loans from existing shareholders and proceeds from sales. During 2022 and 2021, the Company secured financing to fund
its operations by issuing additional convertible notes to Capital Communications LLC, First Equity Holdings and officers, the
balances of which were 180,000 and 510,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, net of 455,000 and 0 in notes
converted to shares of restricted common stock in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The notes have an annual interest rate of 10 and
default rate of 15 , have various maturity dates, and are secured by the Company s business assets. The Company also received
funds under the Paycheck Protection Program. 

Management believes that our current cash burn rate is
approximately 60,000 per month and that proceeds from additional convertible notes and estimated revenues for engineering design
and prototype products will be sufficient to fund the next twelve months of operations. Our auditors have expressed doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern and that we may not realize significant revenue or become profitable within the next twelve
months. We will require additional financing to fund our short-term cash needs. We will have to rely on additional debt financing,
loans from existing shareholders and private placements of common stock for additional funding. Based upon our current purchase
orders and anticipated purchase orders over the next twelve months our projected revenues by the end of 2022 are anticipated to
cover our projected operating expenses, based on our current burn rate. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain
short-term financing, or that sources of such financing, if any, will continue to be available, and if available, that they will be
on terms favorable to us. Nor is there any guarantee that the projected volume of purchase orders will meet the volumes that we
anticipate. 

It is also possible that in the short term we may have to continue to issue
common stock to pay for services and agreements rather than use our limited cash resources. Any issuance of common stock will likely be
pursuant to exemptions provided by federal and state securities laws. The purchasers and manner of issuance will be determined according
to our financial needs and the available exemptions. We also note that if we issue more shares of our common stock our shareholders may
experience dilution in the value per share of their common stock. 

As we enter into new agreements, we must ensure that those agreements
provide adequate funding for any pre-production research and development and manufacturing costs. If we are successful in establishing
agreements with adequate initial funding, management believes that our operations for the long term will be funded by revenues, licensing
fees and/or royalties related to these agreements. However, we have formalized only a few agreements during the past four years and there
can be no assurance that the agreements will generate sufficient revenues or be profitable in the future or that a desired technological
application will be successful enough to produce the volumes and profits necessary to fund our operations. 

Finalizing long-term, constant revenue generating production contracts
with our existing and other customers remains our greatest challenge because our on-going business is dependent on the types of revenues
and cash flows generated by such contracts. Cash flow and cash requirement risks are closely tied to and are dependent upon our ability
to attract significant long-term production contracts. This process has been impacted by the recent Pandemic and we are unable to determine
what the long-term effect of these impacts will be at this time. We must continue to obtain funding to operate and expand our operations
so that we can deliver our unique Bend Sensor and Bend Sensor related technologies and products to the market. Management believes
that even though we are making positive strides forward with our business plan we will need to raise additional operating capital 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Our principal commitments at December 31, 2022 consist of total current
liabilities of 3,956,658, which includes 398,513 in convertible notes. 

14 

We currently occupy approximately 8,029 square feet of office and manufacturing
space leased from D M Management, Inc. The building is located in a commercial business district in West Jordan, Utah which consists
primarily of high-tech manufacturing firms and it is located adjacent to a major intersection, allowing easy access to Utah s main
interstate highway. The lease is for a period of twelve months with a 90-day notice clause if our intent is to renew the lease for additional
periods. We pay 6,787 per month for this lease. 

Our total current liabilities include accounts payable of 265,271 related
to normal operating expenses, including health insurance, utilities, production supplies, legal expenses and travel expense. Accrued
liabilities at December 31, 2022, were 2,416,589 and were related to payroll tax liabilities, tax expenses, accrued interest, investor
relations consulting, and accrued Paid Time Off, a combination vacation-sick leave policy, and amounts due to related parties. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or
are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would be considered material to investors. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussions are based on the consolidated operations
of Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Sensitron, Inc. and Flexpoint International, LLC, and should be read in
conjunction with our audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. These financial statements are
included in this report at Part II, Item 8, below. 

SUMMARY OF OPERATING RESULTS 

For the year ended 

For the year 
 ended 

December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Engineering, contract, licensing and testing revenue 
 151,156 
 
 0,249 
 
 Total operating costs and expenses 
 (880,406) 
 
 (923,523) 
 
 Net other income (expense) 
 (75,582) 
 
 25,572 
 
 Net loss 
 (804,832) 
 
 (687,702) 
 
 Basic and diluted loss per common share 
 (0.01) 
 
 (0.01) 

Our revenue for 2022 decreased 59,093 as compared to 2021. The
decrease resulted from lower product sales and development fees. The decrease of our revenue was primarily the result of world-wide
impacts from the Covid 19 crisis including delays in manufacturing orders for the wearable and toy industries, design and
development engineering, prototype products and sales of our fully integrated products. Revenue from research and development
engineering and prototype product contracts is generally recognized as the services are provided and accepted by the customer.
Revenue from the sale of a product is recorded at the time of shipment to the customer. Management anticipates that revenue will
increase as we continue to provide engineering services and our customers continue to order more frequently and in larger
quantities. 

Total operating costs and expenses were 880,406 in 2022
compared to 923,523 in 2021. Administrative and marketing expenses for 2022 were lower, as 34,669 in moving expenses were included
in the 2021 totals. As we are working to commercialize products and establish distribution channels, we are also working to bring
greater efficiencies and cost reductions to our operations. 

For the year ending December 31, 2022 net other expense was
 75,582. This compares to other income of 25,572 in 2021, which was benefited from gain on forgiveness of PPP loans in the amount
of 119,000. Other expense in 2022 is comprised primarily of interest expense of 76,782. Other income of 25,572 in 2021 was
comprised of 119,000 gain on forgiveness of PPP loans, offset by 96,983 in interest expense in 2021. 

As we continued to mature into a manufacturing company our engineering
design and production revenues increased. As we expand and sell our existing suite of products, and as we grow the relationship with our
customers, we expect this trend to continue in the future. We are not able to guarantee that our operating losses will be reduced in the
short term. The chart below presents a summary of our consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

15 

SUMMARY OF BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION 

Year ended 
 December 31, 2022 

Year ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 - 
 
 402 
 
 Total current assets 
 29,083 
 
 9,832 
 
 Total assets 
 5,194,143 
 
 4,920,373 
 
 Total liabilities 
 4,154,725 
 
 3,634,168 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (30,887,205) 
 
 (30,082,373) 
 
 Total stockholder s equity 
 1,039,417 
 
 1,286,205 

Cash and cash equivalents were -0- in 2022
compared to cash of 402 in 2021, a decrease of 402. The cash decrease in 2022 is attributable to the difficulty in raising funds
to cover operating expenses. Until such time as our revenue increases, cash to fund our operations will be our most critical factor.
As we expand our customer base and product offerings, we will need to raise additional operating capital during 2022. It is expected
that this will be accomplished by securing additional loans from related parties and existing shareholders, through the private
placement of stock, or through the licensing of our technology. We anticipate that we will need to raise approximately 500,000 to
 800,000 in funding to support our existing operations and our anticipated growth during 2023. 

Our current assets increased to 29,083 during the year ending
December 31, 2022 compared to 9,832 during the same period in 2021. This increase is primarily due to increases of 11,217 in
accounts receivable and 8,346 in deposits. Our fixed assets and patents and proprietary technology are all fully amortized.

Accrued liabilities increased at December 31, 2022 by 212,862
when compared to December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to the accrual of interest expense related to notes payable and
accrued consulting fees. Total liabilities increased by 520,557 at December 31, 2022 due to the aforementioned increased in accrued
liabilities, notes payable due on demand and lease liabilities relating to the building lease, offset by the convertible notes
converted to shares of common stock and by the retirement of the PPP loan through forgiveness of debt. 

TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accounts payable
of 44,713 and 20,481 to its Chief Executive Officer for reimbursement of various operating expenses paid by him and a loan which he
made the Company. 

During 2019, the Company and the Company s CEO and the Chairman of
the Board agreed to convert 17,000 and 22,000, respectively, of accounts payable into convertible debt bearing 8 annual
interest (with a 12 default rate) and are convertible into shares of common stock at the rate of 0.06 per share. At December 31,
2021 there are related party convertible notes outstanding with principal balances of 164,257 and 54,257 which are due to the CEO
and the Chairman of the Board of the Company, respectively. Of the total balance, 114,514 are convertible
notes bearing an 8 annual rate of interest (with a 12 default rate) and are convertible into shares of common stock at the rate of 0.07
per share and 104,000 are convertible notes bearing 8 annual interest (with a 12 default rate) and are convertible into shares of common
stock at the rate of 0.06 per share. All the convertible notes payable related parties have a maturity date of March 31, 2023. 

The Company filed an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation whereby
the shareholders approved an increase in the number of shares of common stock authorized. With the filing of the amendment the Company
now has sufficient authorized shares to issue to convert all convertible notes and stock options and therefore no longer needs to treat
those financial instruments as derivatives. The notes are secured by the business equipment of the Company. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Estimates of particular significance in our financial
statements include goodwill and the annual tests for impairment of goodwill and valuing stock option compensation. 

We annually test long-lived assets for impairment or when a triggering
event occurs. Impairment is indicated if undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the assets. The analysis compared
the present value of projected net cash flows for the remaining current year and next two years against the carrying value of the long-lived
assets. Under similar 

16 

analysis no impairment charge was taken during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 or the
twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Impairment tests will be conducted on a regular basis and, should they indicate a carrying value
in excess of fair value, additional charges may be required. 

We account for stock options under Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards, Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Stock Compensation. The pronouncement requires that recognition of the cost of
employee services received in exchange for stock options and awards of equity instruments be based on the grant-date fair value of such
options and awards and is recognized as an expense in operations over the period they vest. The fair value of the options we have
granted is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes American option-pricing model. Option pricing models require the
input of highly sensitive assumptions, including expected stock volatility. Also, our stock options have characteristics significantly
different from those of traded options, and changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate.
Management believes the best input assumptions available were used to value the options and that the resulting option values are reasonable.
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we recognized 0 and 0, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense for our
stock options and there is no additional unrecognized compensation cost related to employee stock options that will be recognized based
upon the current grants issued. 

17 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

FLEXPOINT SENSOR SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 19 

Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 22 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 23 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 24 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 25 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 26 - 34 

18 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Flexpoint
Sensor Systems, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance
sheet of Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related
statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements,
the Company has an accumulated deficit and suffered losses for the period. These factors, among others, raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also
described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matter communicated below
is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the board of directors and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

 Potential for Goodwill Impairment 
Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 

 Critical Audit Matter Description 

 The Company tests goodwill for impairment at
least annually via comparison of the fair value of the Company to the carrying value of the Company s net assets. An impairment
of goodwill is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over the determined fair value. Management has determined that
there is one reporting unit and that use of the market price at year end is appropriate. 

19 

Auditing management s assessment as to
whether impairment is required is highly judgmental. 

 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

 Our principal audit procedures to evaluate management s
assessment consisted of the following, among others: 

We evaluated management s processes and
determinations underlying the estimation (including the market capitalization model) and whether they are in compliance with ASC 350 Intangibles
 Goodwill and Other . 

Performed an independent calculation to determine
whether there is indication that impairment is required and compared to management s conclusions. 

We evaluated the relevance and reliability of
the data used for calculations. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. (PCAOB ID April 7, 2023 

20 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Flexpoint
Sensor Systems, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc.( the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the year then ended and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of
the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

 PCAOB ID 

March 31, 2022 

21 

FLEXPOINT SENSOR SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 - 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and 

Deposits and prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Long-Term Deposits 

Property and Equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

of and 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Patents and Proprietary Technology, net of accumulated 

amortization of and 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease Right-of-use asset 

- 
 
 Goodwill 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Bank overdraft 

- 
 
 Accounts payable 

Accounts payable related party 

Accrued liabilities 

Lease liability current portion 

- 
 
 Notes payable due on demand 

Convertible notes payable 

Convertible notes payable to related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Lease liability long-term 

- 
 
 Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' Equity 

Preferred stock 0.001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; 

no shares issued or outstanding 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock 0.001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; 

shares and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Total Stockholders' Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

22 

FLEXPOINT SENSOR SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years 

Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Engineering, Contract and Testing Revenue 

Operating Costs and Expenses 

Cost of revenue 

Administrative and marketing 

Research and development 

Total Operating Costs and Expenses 

Loss from operations 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest expense 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Interest income 
 - 

Other income 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Gain on sale of assets 
 - 

Net Other Income (Expense) 
 ) 

Net Loss 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Basic and Diluted Loss Per Common Share 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Basic and Diluted Weighted-Average 

Common Shares Outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

23 

FLEXPOINT SENSOR SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Common 
 
 Total 

Paid-in 
 Stock to 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholder 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Be Issued 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance - December 31, 2020 

) 

Common stock issued against stock subscription payable 

) 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 ) 
 ) 

Balance December 31, 2021 

- 
 ) 

Common stock issued in full settlement of convertible note conversion 

- 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 ) 
 ) 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

- 
 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

24 

FLEXPOINT SENSOR SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years 

Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 - 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 
 ) 

Amortization of Right-of-Use Asset	 

-

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Deposits and prepaid expense 
 ) 

Accounts payable 

) 

Accounts payable related party 

Lease liability 
 ) 
 
 - 

Accrued liabilities 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from (payments to) bank overdraft 

) 

Proceeds from (payments to) note payable 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Proceeds from borrowings under convertible note payable 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 ) 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period 

- 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 
 - 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 
 - 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 
 - 

Supplemental Disclosure on Noncash Investing and Financing Activities 

Common stock issued for subscription payable 
 - 

Initiation
 of operating lease 

- 

Conversion of note payable and accrued interest to common stock to be issued 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

25 

FLEXPOINT SENSOR SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Intercompany balances
are eliminated at the consolidation. 

of the quoted price prior to the commencement of work. The
deposit is considered deferred income until the entire project is completed and accepted by the customer, at which time the entire contract
price is billed to the customer and the deposit applied. The Company has established an allowance for bad debts based on a historical
experience and an analysis of risk associated with the account balances. The balance in the allowance account was and 
in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

26 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Company had
an accumulated deficit of . These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or
the amount and classification of liabilities that might result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

million,
which includes raised in 2022, in additional capital, including accrued interest, through the issuance of long and short-term
notes to related and other parties. All of the notes had an annual interest rate of or and were secured by the Company s
business equipment. The notes also had a conversion feature for restricted common shares ranging from to per share with maturity
dates of December 31, 2018 through March 31, 2021. Management continues to work with investor groups to provide funds for the Company s
operations until its operations produce a positive cash flow. 

to years. 

to years. An impairment charge is recognized if the carrying amount is not recoverable and the carrying amount exceeds the fair
value of the intangible assets as determined by projected discounted net future cash flows. Under similar analysis there was no impairment
charge taken during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

27 

of the value of the order. That amount is put in a customer deposit account
until the entire order has been manufactured and shipped. At the ship date the Company has no further obligations under the contract and
the revenue from the sale is recognized. 

- 

- 

International 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Components 

- 

- 

Engineering Services 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

28 

and , respectively, from convertible notes and from options for common stock. These common
share equivalents were not included in the computation of diluted loss per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive, thereby
decreasing loss per common share. 

of sales and three customers represented of accounts receivable. A customer who is utilizing
our technology for commercialization in shoes represented of accounts receivable at December 31, 2022. The Company has a strong relationship
with these customers and does not believe this concentration poses a significant risk, as their products are based entirely on the Company s
technologies. During 2022, five customers constituted of the sales. 

to . Depreciation expense
was - - and - - for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in the administrative and marketing
expense on the statement of operations. 

Office equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Total Property and Equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Net Property and Equipment 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

29 

- 
 
 Proprietary Technology 

- 
 
 Total Amortizing Asset 

- 

December 31, 2021 
 Gross Carrying Amount 
 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 
 Net Carrying Amount 

Patents 

- 
 
 Proprietary Technology 

- 
 
 Total Amortizing Asset 

- 

- and - - for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization related to proprietary technology was - - and - - for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. Patent and proprietary technology amortization is charged to operations. 

Origination and amortization of 
 interest on convertible notes 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Change in derivative liabilities 

Options issued for services 

Total Deferred Tax Assets 

Valuation allowance 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net Deferred Tax Asset 
 -- 
 -- 

, and , respectively. A portion of the net operating loss carry forwards includes losses
incurred prior to February 24, 2004, when a change of greater than in ownership of the Company occurred. As a result of the
change of ownership, only a portion of the net operating loss carry forwards incurred prior to the change becomes available each
year. The net operating loss carry forwards began to expire in 2020. 

30 

) 
 ) 
 
 Options issued for services 
 - 
 - 

Origination and amortization of interest 
 on convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for Income Taxes 
 -- 
 -- 

percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. Unrecognized tax benefits are tax benefits
claimed in the company's tax return that do not meet these recognition and measurement standards. 

to effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017. ASC 470 requires the
Company to re-measure the existing net deferred tax asset in the period of enactment. The Act also provides for immediate expensing of
 or the costs of qualified property that is incurred and placed in service during the period from September 27, 2017 to December 31,
2022. Beginning January 1, 2023, the immediate expensing provision is phased down by per year until it is completely phased out as
of January 1, 2027. Additionally, effective January 1, 2018, the Act imposes possible limitations on the deductibility of interest expense.
As a result of the provisions of the Act, the Company s deduction for interest expense could be limited in future years. The effects
of other provisions of the Act are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

. Of that total, are with Capital Communications, with First Equity,
 with Empire Fund, all of which bear annual interest of , and with John Kelly, which is non-interest bearing. At
December 31, 2021 there were on demand notes totaling . All of these notes are due on demand. At December 31, 2022, there is
 in accrued interest relating to these notes. 

31 

, compared to convertible notes of at December 31, 2021. Of the notes, are convertible
notes bearing a annual rate of interest (with a default rate) and are convertible into shares of common stock at the rate of 
per share. The remaining is a convertible note entered into on August 8, 2011 with a former Company Director. That note was due
on December 31, 2015, and bears a default interest rate of and is convertible at per share. 

in convertible notes and
 in accrued interest notified the Company of their intent to convert the debt into shares of common stock. The note holder
agreed to waive default interest in exchange for a reduced conversion price of per share and the Company issued shares
of its restricted common stock in full settlement of its obligations. 

each were granted to the
Company. The Company applied for forgiveness of these loans, as provided for under the program. Subsequently, the Company was notified
that the entire principal of the loans and all accrued and unpaid interest was fully forgiven. The Company recognized a gain on forgiveness
of PPP loans in the 2021 Statement of Operations. 

to officers of the Company. Additionally, on July 12, 2017 two officers assumed responsibility for of
debt owed by the Company. The officers made monthly payments against those debts until the obligation was paid in full. 

and which are due to the CEO and the Chairman of
the Board of the Company, respectively. Of the total balance, are convertible notes bearing an annual rate of
interest (with a default rate) and are convertible into shares of common stock at the rate of per share and are
convertible notes bearing annual interest (with a default rate) and are convertible into shares of common stock at the
rate of per share. All the convertible notes payable related parties have a maturity date of . The holders of the notes will extend the maturity dates of these notes. 

shares of preferred
stock with a par value of per share authorized. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or
outstanding. 

shares of common stock
with a par value of per share authorized. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted
common stock for the conversion of of convertible notes payable and of accrued interest. During the year ended December
31, 2021, there were shares of common stock issued. 

, terminating on August 25, 2015. This plan was approved by the stockholders of the Company at their annual meeting
of shareholders on November 22, 2005. Under the Plan, the exercise price for all options issued will not be less than the average quoted
closing market price of the Company s trading common stock for the thirty-day period immediately preceding the grant date plus a
premium of ten percent. The maximum aggregate number of shares that may be awarded under the plan is shares. The Company
continues to utilize the Black-Scholes option-pricing model for calculating the fair value of the options granted as defined by ASC Topic
718, which is an acceptable valuation approach under ASC 718. This model requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the expected
price volatility of the underlying stock. 

shares of the Company s common stock. Of the total issued, options were issued to replace
options held by directors and employees which 

32 

options were issued to new employees.
Of the options issued, have an option price of per share, have an option price of per share, have
an option price of per share, and have an option price of per share. Options issued as replacement shall have immediate
vesting terms. Options which are not replacements shall vest over a two -year four-month period in equal installments on the last day of
2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. 

shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from to per share.
The options all vested by December 31, 2017 and expire years from the date of grant. 

per share. The Company recorded a charge of as the result
of this change. 

of stock-based compensation expense, which includes charges of in 2020 and -0- in 2019, leaving
 in unrecognized expense as of December 31, 2022. There were and employee stock options outstanding at December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

-- 
 
 Granted 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Expired 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Forfeited 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Outstanding at the end of Period 

-- 
 
 Exercisable at the end of Period 

-- 

square feet of
office and manufacturing space leased from D M Management, Inc. The building is located in a commercial business district in
West Jordan, Utah which consists primarily of high-tech manufacturing firms and it is located adjacent to a major intersection,
allowing easy access to Utah s main interstate highway. The lease is for per month and is for a period of twelve months
with a 90-day notice clause if our intent is to renew the lease for additional periods. Minimum payments under the lease for
the current term and assuming the lease renewal for an additional three years is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total payments 

Imputed interest 
 ) 
 
 Lease liability as of period end 

Short-term lease liability 
 ) 
 
 Lease liability 

years 

Weighted average discount rate 

and , respectively, to its Chief Executive Officer for reimbursement of various operating expenses paid by him and a
loan which he made the Company. 

33 

and which are due to the CEO and the Chairman of
the Board of the Company, respectively. Of the total balance, are convertible notes bearing a annual rate
of interest (with a default rate) and are convertible into shares of common stock at the rate of per share and 
are convertible notes bearing annual interest (with a default rate) and are convertible into shares of common stock at the
rate of per share. All the convertible note payable related parties have a maturity date of March 31,
2023. 

in funding from an investor. The fundings have not yet been reduced to a formalized convertible note; therefore, there are no
terms for interest rate or maturity date associated with these funds. The Company also received loans in the amount of from an
officer and director. 

34 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING 

 AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

The Company has had no disagreements with its independent registered public
accounting firms with respect to accounting practices or procedures or financial disclosure. In February 2023, the Board of Directors
approved the appointment of Associates II, PLLC as its independent registered accounting firm, replacing Sadler, Gibb and
Associates, LLC. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, we carried out
an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer, who also acts as our Principal Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Our controls and procedures are designed to allow information
required to be disclosed in our reports to be recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the specified periods, and accumulated
and communicated to management to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure of material information. Our disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Based upon the evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at that reasonable assurance level as of the end
of the period December 31, 2022 for the reasons discussed below. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes of accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. The policies and procedures include: 

maintenance of records are in reasonable detail to accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of assets, 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors, and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving their control objectives. 

Our Chief Executive Officer evaluated the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of the end of the period December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated
Framework - 2013. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer concluded that as of the end of the fiscal year December 31, 2022,
our internal control over financial reporting was not effective at that reasonable assurance level. 

The material weaknesses relate to the limited number of persons responsible
for the recording and reporting of financial information, the lack of separation of financial reporting duties, and the limited size of
our management team in general. We are in the process of evaluating methods of improving our internal control over financial reporting,
including the possible addition of financial reporting staff and the increased separation of financial reporting responsibility, and intend
to implement such steps as are necessary and possible to correct these material weaknesses 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There have
been no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

35 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

None; not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

Our directors and executive officers are listed below, with their respective
ages, positions and biographical information. Our bylaws provide that the directors shall be divided into three classes. A
class of directors shall be elected for a one-year term, a class of directors for a two-year term and a class of directors for a three-year
term. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, successors to the class of directors whose term expires at that meeting
shall be elected for a three-year term. On December 28, 2018 our shareholders elected John A. Sindt for a three-year term and Clark
M. Mower for a two-year term. We currently have a vacancy in the one-year term. Our executive officers are chosen by our board of directors
and serve at its discretion. There are no family relationships between or among any of our directors and executive officers. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position Held 
 Director Term of Office 
 
 Clark M. Mower 
 76 
 President, CEO and Director 
 From December 2018 to next shareholder
 meeting 
 
 John A. Sindt 
 78 
 Chairman of the Board 
 From December 2018 to next shareholder meeting 

Clark M. Mower --Mr. Mower was appointed President and
CEO in January 2005. He was appointed as Director, President and CEO of Sensitron in February 2005. In December 2018 he was
elected to serve a two-year term as a director. He formerly served as Senior Vice President - Mergers and Acquisitions - Merchant Energy
Group for El Paso Energy Corporation (NYSE: EP). From August 2002 through 2004 he was the managing member of Polaris Energy, LLC,
a non-affiliated consulting company to energy related mergers and acquisition. From August 2002 to July 2004, he was a management
committee member for Saguaro Power Company, a non-affiliated company operating a 100 megawatts power plant in Henderson, Nevada. Prior
to that he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Bonneville Pacific Corporation (a public company) for eight years until
El Paso Corporation acquired Bonneville Pacific Corporation in October 1999. 

John A. Sindt --Mr. Sindt has served as a director of
the Company since 1999 and in December 2018 he was elected to serve a three year term. He served as President and Chief Executive and
Financial Officer from 2001 to 2004. He served as Secretary/Treasurer from January 2005 through July 2005. Mr. Sindt also
served as the Chairman of the Board of Sensitron, one of our former subsidiaries. He was employed from 1965 to late 2019 as a Salt
Lake County, Utah Constable. He has also served as President, Corporate Secretary and Director for the National Constables Association.

During the past ten years none of our executive officers have been involved
in any legal proceedings that are material to an evaluation of their ability or integrity; namely: (1) filed a petition under federal
bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws, nor had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer appointed by a court for the business
or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing,
or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing;
(2) been convicted in a criminal proceeding or named subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
minor offenses); (3) been the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court
of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him or her from or otherwise limiting his/her involvement in any type
of business, securities or banking activities; or (4) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, by the SEC or
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any federal or state securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or
finding by the SEC has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE 

Our audit committee consists of our Board of Directors. Our audit
committee has a charter and management believes Mr. Mower qualifies as an audit committee financial expert because of his extensive experience
in finance. Based upon the definition of independent director under NASDAQ Stock Market Rule 5605(a) (2), Mr. Mower is not independent
of management. 

36 

OTHER COMMITTEES 

We do not have a standing nominating committee for directors or a
compensation committee. Our entire board of directors, including Messrs. Mower and Sindt, act as our nominating and compensation committee. 

CODE OF ETHICS 

We adopted a Business Ethics and Code of Conduct in November 2000.
 Upon written request we will provide a copy of the Business Ethics and Code of Conduct to any person without charge. Address
your request to: 

Shareholder Communications 

 Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc. 

 5718 West Dannon Way, Suite B 

 West Jordan Utah 84081 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Compensation Objectives -- Our compensation philosophy is to align executive
compensation with the interests of stockholders, attract, retain and motivate a highly competent team of executives, and link pay to performance. 

Base Salary -- Base salaries for our executives depend on the scope of
their responsibilities and their performance. Base salary is designed to compensate the executives for services rendered during the year.
These salaries are compared to amounts paid to the executive s peers outside our Company. As we have not yet established a Compensation
Committee, salary levels are typically reviewed annually by the Board of Directors performance review process, with increases based on
the assessment of the performance of the executive. 

Long-term Compensation -- The Board of Directors determined that long-term
incentive compensation would be in the form of stock options granted. We have a stock option plan and implemented which has been approved
by the shareholders to provide long-term compensation to directors and employees of the company. 

Perquisites - The only material perquisite provided to our executive officers
is reimbursement for use of a personal automobile while engaged on company business. 

Retirement Benefits - We have no retirement benefits currently in place.
It is the intent of the company to add such benefits at a future date. 

Employee agreements - We have not entered into employment contracts with
our executive officers and their compensation is determined at the discretion of our board of directors. 

Termination and Change of Control Payments -- The Company does not currently
have employment agreements with its executive officers and there are no agreements providing for severance should a change of control
take place 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

The following table shows the compensation paid to our Chief Executive
Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and our most highly compensated executive officer for the last two fiscal years: 

Name and Principal Position 

Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Option Awards (1) ) 

All Other Compensation ) 

Total 
 ) 
 
 Clark M. Mower, President, CEO, PFO and Director 
 
 2022 
 2021 

72,000 
 72,000 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

72,000 
 72,000 

(1) Represents value of options granted computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 

37 

Because the Company did not meet its projected revenues during the
year ending December 31, 2014, Mr. Mower continued to voluntarily take a reduced salary through the end of 2022. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS 

The following table shows outstanding equity awards granted to our
named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 

Name 
 
 (a) 

Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 (#) 
 Exercisable 
 
 (b) 

Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 
 (c) 
 
 Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options 
 (#) 
 
 (d) 

Option 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 ) 
 
 (e) 

Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 (f) 

Clark M. Mower, CEO, President and Director 

500,000 
 600,000 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0.05 
 0.05 

8/25/25 
 8/25/25 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

We do not have any standard arrangement for compensation of our directors
for any services provided as a director, including services for committee participation or for special assignments. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

 AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

SECURITIES UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 

The following table lists the securities authorized for issuance under
any equity compensation plans approved by our shareholders and any equity compensation plans not approved by our shareholders as of December
31, 2022. This chart also includes individual compensation arrangements described below. 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

Plan category 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of
 outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (a) 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding
 options, 
 warrants and rights 
 (b) 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for
 future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,900,000 
 0.05 
 0 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 0 
 0.00 
 0 
 
 Total 
 1,900,000 
 0.05 
 0 

38 

2005 Stock Incentive Plan 

On August 25, 2005, our Board adopted the Flexpoint Sensor Systems,
Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The purposes of the Plan were to attract and retain the best available
personnel for positions of substantial responsibility, to provide additional incentive to employees, directors and consultants, and to
promote the success of our business. 

The Plan became effective upon its adoption by the Board and continued
in effect for a term of ten (10) years. The Plan expired August 25, 2015. The maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock that
could be sold under the Plan was 2,500,000 shares. The term of each option and its exercise price was stated in an option agreement; provided
that the term does not exceed ten (10) years from the date of grant. The plan provided that a grant of a stock option to an employee
shall have an exercise price of no less than 110 of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. As a condition of the
grant, vesting or exercise of an option granted under the Plan, the participant shall be required to satisfy any applicable federal, state,
local or foreign withholding tax obligations that may arise in connection with the grant, vesting or exercise of the option or the issuance
of shares. 

Pursuant to the Plan, on August 24, 2015, the Board approved the surrender
and cancellation of 1,540,000 options granted to five officers and employees and in exchange granted options to purchase 1,960,000 to
those individuals. In addition, the Board granted options to purchase 225,000 shares to two employees. 

In December 2020, the Board of Directors approved the revaluing of
all outstanding stock options to 0.05 per share. 

BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP 

The following table lists the beneficial ownership of our
outstanding common stock by our management and each person or group known to us to own beneficially more than 5 of our voting
common stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or
investment power with respect to securities. Based on these rules, two or more persons may be deemed to be the beneficial
owners of the same securities. Except as indicated by footnote, the persons named in the table below have sole voting power
and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. The percentage of
beneficial ownership is based on 125,557,174 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023, plus an aggregate of
1,300,000 shares which the following persons may acquire within 60 days by the exercise of rights, warrants and/or options. 

CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS 

MANAGEMENT 
 
 Name of beneficial owner 
 
 Amount and nature 
 of beneficial ownership 
 Percent of class 
 
 Clark M. Mower 
 1,989,100 (1) 
 1.56 
 
 John A. Sindt 
 1,402,266 (2) 
 1.10 

Directors and officers as a group 
 3,419,938 
 2.67 

(1) 
 Represents 889,100 shares held and vested options to purchase 1,100,000 shares. 

(2) Represents 1,202,266 shares held and vested options to purchase 200,000 shares. 

39 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES 

The following information summarizes transactions we have either engaged
in since the beginning of the last two completed fiscal years, or propose to engage in, involving our executive officers, directors, more
than 5 stockholders, or immediate family members of these persons. These transactions were negotiated between related parties without
 arm s length bargaining and, as a result, the terms of these transactions may be different than transactions negotiated
between unrelated persons. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accounts payable
of 44,713 and 20,481, respectively, owed to Clark Mower, Chief Executive Officer, for reimbursement of various operating expenses paid
by him and a loan which he made the Company. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021 there are related party
convertible notes outstanding with principal balances of 164,257 and 54,257 which are due to the Mr. Mower and Mr.
Sindt, respectively. Of the total balance, 114,514 are convertible notes bearing a 8 annual
rate of interest (with a 12 default rate) and are convertible into shares of common stock at the rate of 0.07 per share and
 104,000 are convertible notes bearing 8 annual interest (with a 12 default rate) and are convertible into shares of common
stock at the rate of 0.06 per share. All the convertible note payable related parties has a maturity date of March 31,
2023. 

The Company filed an amendment to their Articles of Incorporation whereby
the shareholders approved an increase in the number of shares of common stock authorized. With the filing of the amendment the Company
now has sufficient authorized shares to convert all convertible notes and stock options and therefore no longer needs to treat those financial
instruments as derivatives. The notes are secured by the business equipment of the Company. 

DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

An independent director is defined under NASDAQ Stock Market Rule
5605(a) (2). This rule defines persons as "independent" who are neither officers nor employees of the company and have no relationships
that, in the opinion of the board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities
as directors. We do not currently have a director who qualifies as independent. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES 

ACCOUNTANT FEES 

The Company has selected Fruci Associates II, PLLC as its independent
public accounting firm, effective with the audit of our 2022 financial results. Expected fees to be paid are: 

 1) Audit Fees - The aggregate fees incurred for professional services rendered
by our principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements ending December 31, 2022 will be approximately 15,000 to
 18,000 and 3,000 for the review of each of our quarterly financial statements during the initial three quarters of 2023. 

 2) Audit-Related Fees. 0 and 0. 

 3) Tax Fees. 0 and 0. 

 4) All Other Fees. 0. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company paid audit fees of 31,907
to Sadler, Gibb Associates LLC. 

PRE-APPROVAL POLICIES 

Our audit committee makes recommendations to our board of directors
regarding the engagement of an auditor. Our board of directors approves the engagement of the auditor before the firm renders audit and
non-audit services. Our audit committee does not rely on pre-approval policies and procedures. 

40 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

The audited financial statements of Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc. are
included in this report under Item 8 on pages 19 to 33. 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules are included in the footnotes to the
financial statements or are inapplicable or not required. 

(a)(3) Exhibits 

The following documents have been filed as part of this report 

No. 
 Description 
 
 3(i).1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Flexpoint Sensor, as amended (Incorporated
 by reference to exhibit 3.1 for Form 10-QSB, filed August 4, 2006) 

3(i).2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Flexpoint Certificate of Incorporation,
 dated October 11, 2019 
 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3(i).2 of Form 8-K, filed October
 15, 2019) 

3(ii) 
 
 Bylaws of Flexpoint Sensor, as amended (Incorporated by reference
 to exhibit 3.4 of Form 10-QSB, filed May 3, 2004) 

4.6 
 
 Description of Securities (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.6
 of Form 10-K, filed March 31, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Office Building Lease between Flexpoint Sensor Systems and FGBP, LLC,
 dated December 9, 2019(Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of Form 10-K, filed March 30, 2020) 

10.2 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement between Flexpoint Sensor Systems and subVo,
 LLC, dated June 19, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 of Form 10-Q, filed August 14, 2019) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant,
 dated August 24, 2015	(Incorporated by reference to exhibit 
 10.4 of Form 10-K, filed April 14,
 2016) 

20.2 
 
 Audit Committee Charter (Incorporated by reference to Schedule 14A,
 filed October 27, 2005) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Clark M. Mower pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Clark M. Mower pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE	 
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

41 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FLEXPOINT SENSOR SYSTEMS, INC. 

Date: April 7,
2023	 By: /s/
Clark M. Mower 

 Clark M. Mower, President 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: April 7,
2023	 	 /s/
Clark M. Mower 

 Clark M. Mower 

 President 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 Principal Financial Officer 

 Director 

Date: April 7,
2023	 /s/
John A. Sindt 

 John A. Sindt 

 Chairman of the Board 

42 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION OF CLARK M. MOWER

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Clark M. Mower, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April
 7, 2023 
 
 /s/ Clark M. Mower 
 Clark M. Mower 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION OF CLARK M. MOWER

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Clark M. Mower, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 7, 2023 

/s/ Clark M. Mower 
 Clark M. Mower 
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm
 1350 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), Clark M. Mower, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in our Annual Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, our financial condition and result of operations. 

Dated: April 7,
2023 /s/
Clark M. Mower 

 Clark M. Mower 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 flxt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 flxt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 flxt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 flxt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 flxt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

