<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1413891_0001213900-23-030267.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11457889</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>392443</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1945141</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2713583</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3076252</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3065976</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030267.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417163636
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030267
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001413891
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				260592672
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53461
		FILM NUMBER:		23824389

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		980 N. FEDERAL HIGHWAY, SUITE 304
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33432
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(604) 560-1503

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		980 N. FEDERAL HIGHWAY, SUITE 304
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33432

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HWN, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210825

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mantra Venture Group Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030267.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_highwire.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered OTCQB 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 based on the closing sales price of the
Common Stock as quoted on the OTCQB was . For purposes of this computation, all officers, directors, and 5 percent beneficial
owners of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed an admission that such directors, officers,
or 5 percent beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. 

As of April 10, 2023, there were shares
of registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 22 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART II 
 
 23 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 24 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 37 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 37 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 37 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 38 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 38 

PART III 
 
 39 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 39 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 41 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 
 43 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 44 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 44 

PART IV 
 
 45 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 45 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not directly or exclusively relate
to historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, 
 should, could, would, expects, plans, anticipates, 
 believes, estimates, projects, forecasts, predicts, potential, 
or the negative of those terms, and similar expressions and comparable terminology. These include, but are not limited to, statements
relating to future events or our future financial and operating results, plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Although we
believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these expectations may not be achieved. Forward-looking
statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors outside of our control that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ
materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
or implied in the forward-looking statements. 

You
should consider the areas of risk described in connection with any forward-looking statements that may be made herein. You should also
consider carefully the statements under Item 1A. Risk Factors appearing in this report, which address additional factors that could cause
our actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include: 

our
 ability to successfully execute our business strategies, including the acquisition of other businesses to grow our company and integration
 of recent and future acquisitions; 

changes
 in aggregate capital spending, cyclicality and other economic conditions, and domestic and international demand in the industries
 we serve; 

the
 ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may, directly or indirectly, adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition; 

our
 ability to adopt and master new technologies and adjust certain fixed costs and expenses to adapt to our industry s and customers 
 evolving demands; 

our
 ability to obtain additional financing in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms when required; 

our
 ability to adequately expand our sales force and attract and retain key personnel and skilled labor; 

shifts
 in geographic concentration of our customers, supplies and labor pools and seasonal fluctuations in demand for our services; 

our
 dependence on third-party subcontractors to perform some of the work on our contracts; 

our
 ability to comply with certain financial covenants of our debt obligations; 

the
 impact of new or changed laws, regulations or other industry standards that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business;
 and 

changes
 in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those
 resulting from natural or man-made disasters. 

These
risk factors also should be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons
acting on our behalf may issue. All written and oral forward looking statements made in connection with this report that are attributable
to our company or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Given these
uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements and you should carefully review this report
in its entirety. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, and you should not rely on these statements
without also considering the risks and uncertainties associated with these statements and our business. 

Except
for our ongoing obligations to disclose material information under the Federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to release
publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events. We do
not undertake any obligation to review or confirm analysts expectations or estimates or to release publicly any revisions to any
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
events, except as required by applicable law or regulation. 

ii 

PART
I 

Unless
specifically set forth to the contrary, when used in this report the terms we , our , the Company 
and similar terms refer to High Wire Networks, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

The
information that appears on our website at www.HighWireNetworks.com is not part of this report. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Business
Overview 

HWN, Inc., (d/b/a High Wire
Network Solutions, Inc.) HWN was incorporated in Delaware on January 20, 2017. HWN is a global provider of managed cybersecurity,
managed networks, and tech enabled professional services delivered exclusively through a channel sales model. Our Overwatch managed security
platform-as-a-service offers organizations end-to-end protection for networks, data, endpoints and users via multiyear recurring revenue
contracts in this fast-growing technology segment. HWN has continuously operated under the High Wire Networks brand for 23 years. 

HWN and JTM Electrical Contractors,
Inc. JTM ), an Illinois Corporation, entered into an operating agreement through which High Wire owned 50 of JTM. On February
15, 2022, HWN sold its 50 interest in JTM. 

On June 16, 2021, we completed
a merger with Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc. On January 7, 2022, Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc. legally changed its name to High Wire
Networks, Inc. High Wire ). The merger was accounted for as a reverse merger. At the time of the reverse merger, High Wire s
subsidiaries included ADEX Corporation, ADEX Puerto Rico LLC, ADEX Canada, ADEX Towers, Inc. and ADEX Telecom, Inc. (collectively ADEX 
or the ADEX Entities ), AW Solutions Puerto Rico, LLC AWS PR ), and Tropical Communications, Inc. Tropical ).
For accounting purposes, HWN is the surviving entity. On March 6, 2023, HWN divested the ADEX Entities. 

On November 4, 2021, we closed
on the acquisition of Secure Voice Corp SVC ). The closing of the acquisition was facilitated by a senior secured promissory
note which has been repaid. 

Our AWS PR and Tropical subsidiaries
are professional services organizations that deliver services for Enterprise clients as well as wireline and wireless carriers. These
subsidiaries are operated as part of our Technology segment. Our SVC subsidiary is a wholesale network services provider with network
footprint in the Northeast United States. This network carries VoIP and other traffic for other service providers. 

We
provide the following categories of offerings to our customers: 

Security : High Wire s award-winning Overwatch Managed Security offers organizations end-to-end protection for networks, data, endpoints, and users via multiyear recurring revenue contracts in this fast-growing technology segment. This segment is nearly 100 recurring revenue with multi-year contracts. Overwatch delivers services through Managed Service Providers (MSPs), strategic partnerships and alliances, Value Added Resellers (VARs), Distributors, and Network Service Providers. 

Technology Solutions : We provide technology enabled professional and managed services for a wide array of clients exclusively through our channel partner relationships with the largest technology companies in the world. We deliver in the Enterprise, Wireline Carrier, Wireless Carrier, Network Backbone Carriers, State and Local Government, Federal Government, and Data Center market segments. We deliver services for most of the Fortune 500 alongside our channel partners. We deliver a wide array of services across a wide variety of technologies that include Wi-Fi, networking, SD-WAN, Distributed Antenna Systems, Wireless Carrier Networking, Fiber Backhaul, and many more. We provide planning, installation, project management, and ongoing support for break/fix services. We operate 24/7/365 around the world. We leverage our own technology platform, Workview, to deliver these services cost effectively and in a highly efficient and scalable manner. 

1 

Our
Technology Solutions division is supported by our subsidiaries: HWN, Inc.; AW Solutions Puerto Rico, LLC and Tropical Communications,
Inc. (collectively known as AWS or the AWS Entities and SVC. 

Our
Operating Units 

Our
company is comprised of the following: 

Managed Services: The Managed Services Segment encompasses all of our recurring revenue businesses including our Overwatch Managed Security, all network managed services, all managed services performed under a Statement of Work (SoW), and our SVC revenue. 

Technology Solutions: The Technology Solutions group is all service and project revenue generally globally by HWN, Tropical, and AWS PR. These business perform professional services for the Enterprise, SMB, Data Center, Carrier Wireline, Carrier Wireless, and Network Service Provider markets. 

Our
Industry 

As technology evolves, the demand for more robust networks, faster
speeds, better experiences, and protection from the ever-evolving cyber threat landscape continues to grow at a robust pace. This demand
has been compounded by the global COVID-19 pandemic and the rapid transition to work from home for large swaths of the global
workforce. Remote learning, remote video meetings, collaboration software, increased email volumes, all have transformed the way we share
information, and created strain on the way business used to be done. Nearly two years later, the technology demands are yet again changing
as businesses are calling staff back to the office and needing to refresh, redesign, and secure their networks. Next generation networks
rely on cloud, on-premise, and remote work models, which brings new complexity and requires new strategies to defend this ever expanding
attack surface. 

With the rapid proliferation
of device connectivity and the transition of the workforce to remote or hybrid, the demands on Enterprise networks and all traditional
networks have shifted. Cyber security risks have proliferated right along with it. According to the IBM Cost of Data Breach 
report, the average cost of a data breach in the United States is now 9.4 million, 113 higher than the global average for the 12 th 
year in a row. Cyber risk is now something that every business is forced to address around the globe. Allianz Global and Specialty Report
2023 indicates that cyber incidents are the number one source of business disruption at 44 of reported claims. Closer to home, a patchwork
of legislation has emerged in the United States with various states enacting different requirements for protection of sensitive data,
networks, and adding duties to disclose. Congress has yet to enact federal laws mandating cyber security protections thus far, but there
have been many discussions, task forces, and the Department of Defense has updated standards for private sector companies doing business
with them. 

Global Cyber Security spending
is expected to reach 376 billion annually by 2029, a 13.9 CAGR according to Fortune Business Insighted (March 22). Service Providers,
Wireless Providers, and Managed Service Providers are all working at a feverish pace to keep up with emerging threats. There are over
4000 different point solutions on the market today. Most focused on a single part of the problem or attack surface .
Traditional solutions require a lot of work to deploy, constant monitoring, and well-trained people to interpret the massive amounts of
data they produce. This sets the stage for managed service solutions that meld best in breed tools together into a comprehensive solution,
manage the solution 24x7x365, to detect and respond to threats. 

2 

High
Wire Networks, Inc. was recently recognized by Frost and Sullivan in the 2023 Frost Radar: America s Top Professional and Managed
Cybersecurity Companies, as one of the top 12 companies in the Americas. This was based on a number of criteria around growth and innovation,
ranking us amongst the largest and best companies in the industry. One of these criteria is identification and exploitation of mega trend
opportunities in the space. Our Overwatch Managed Cybersecurity platform is built around an open ecosystem that is vendor and technology
agnostic, and built for scale around extensive automation capabilities. Identifying that customers need vendors that can meet
them exactly where they are at and truly operationalize cybersecurity for them in a way that they often cannot themselves, resonates
with customers as they seek to better improve their security posture. 

In 2020, companies around
the world shifted their technology spend to rapidly enable work from home capabilities for their workforce in response to the COVID-19
pandemic. As the pandemic waned in late 2022, companies began revisiting their workforce needs and planning for significant return to
the office migrations. Over those three years, infrastructure upgrades were infrequent or non-existent. Companies are confronted with
the need for technology refresh deployments to replace or upgrade outdated infrastructure or infrastructure components that are no longer
deemed secure. With the continued sprawl of business applications and cloud native operations, networking connectivity and security are
front of mind and point to increased spending cycles for the foreseeable future. 

INDUSTRY
TRENDS AND OPPORTUNITIES 

Cyber
 Security Managed Service 

Network
 buildout and deployment 

IOT
 creating deployment and cyber security opportunities 

Fiber
 backhaul network buildouts 

Future
 forward Cloud Area Networks 

Monetize
 existing technology intellectual property and develop the portfolio 

International
 growth, developing and emerging markets 

Monetize
 our existing telecom network (Secure Voice Corp) in new ways 

Competitors 

We
provide, managed and professional services to carriers, service provider, utilities and enterprise clients on a national and international
basis. Demand for our services is strong and growing in all segments of the business. Our channel-oriented sales model provides for very
rapid expansion within our clients as they win contracts, develop new programs, build out their own suite of services, or leverage our
portfolio to expand their own under private label. 

Managed
Services is a very competitive market and as such, our strategy to work exclusively through distribution channels with existing customer
bases and robust sales organizations that can provide rapid growth. Most of our competitors are not channel only, but rather serve customers
directly as well as have a channel component. Many are also wed to their own software, which makes it challenging to pivot as threats
change. Some of our significant competitors would be Arctic Wolf, Herjevic Group, SecureWorks, and numerous smaller competitors. This
space is rapidly evolving and hiring and retaining talent can be challenging. The company that develops a competitive edge in recruitment
and employee retention will have a significant advantage. In a crowded and evolving landscape, there will be a continued need to spend
on marketing and sales to acquire partners and help them convert and acquire new customers. We believe that with the combination of businesses
we have, we are able to differentiate our services and compete aggressively in this market. 

3 

Our
Competitive Strengths 

We believe our market advantage
is our positioning as a trusted authority in the space and the long-term relationships, Master Service Agreements (MSAs), industry leading
provider of solutions and a reputation and track record of our ability to perform with agility, quality on a seamless and flawless manner
for our clients is key in our success to date. High Wire s ability to provide a wide range of services in a turn-key integrated
solution is critical to our clients. Our highly experienced and professional team provide such services as: Managed Services, Cyber security
services, and high Technology Enabled Professional Services. 

We
believe our additional strengths described below will enable us to continue to compete effectively and to take advantage of anticipated
growth opportunities: 

A significant portion of our overall revenues are derived from multi-year recurring revenue contracts providing stability and predictable cash flow. 

Established expertise in Cyber Security and manage services with over 230 established MSP channel partners 

Established expertise as demonstrated by Frost and Sullivan in the 2023 Frost Radar as one of the Top 12 Professional and Managed Service Companies in the Americas. 

Established operational expertise and channel partnerships with the largest technology resellers and channel partners in the world 

Sample
Customers 

Technology Resellers such as Presido, Tech Data/Synnex, Worldwide Technologies, NWN Carousel, Sirius, Myriad 360, HPE-Aruba, and many more. 

Long-Term
 Master Service Agreements (MSA) and Contracts: We have MSA s and agreements with service providers, OEMs, software manufacturers,
 technology resellers, managed services providers, value added distributors and other clients. Our relationships with our customers
 and existing master service agreements position us to continue to capture existing and emerging opportunities, both domestically
 and internationally. We believe the barriers are extremely high for new entrants to obtain master service agreements with service
 providers and OEMs unless there are established relationships, proven ability to execute, national coverage and licensing, spotless
 safety records and broad and deep insurance coverage. 

Proven
 Ability to Recruit, Manage and Retain High-Quality Personnel. Our ability to recruit, manage and retain skilled labor is a critical
 advantage in an industry where a shortage of highly skilled and experience personal is limited. This is often a key factor in our
 customers selecting High Wire Networks over our competitors. We believe that our highly skilled professionals with professional certifications
 gives us a competitive edge over our competitors as we continue to expand and meet our national and international clients needs across
 their entire service footprints. 

Expansion
 of our recurring revenue streams through increased focus on managed services, cyber security services, and professional services
 programs that are multiple years in duration will increase client retention, grow margins, and make the business more predictable
 through uncertain economic cycles. 

Increased
 value creation through continued expansion of our intellectual property (IP) and potential acquisition of additional IP. 

4 

Our
 sales organization has extensive expertise and deep industry relationships. Paired with an effective and efficient marketing message
 that drives new client acquisition, we believe they position us to compete very well. 

Our
 highly experienced management team has deep industry knowledge and brings extensive combined experience across a broad range of disciplines.
 We believe our senior management team is a key driver of our success and is well-positioned to execute our strategy. 

KEY
ASPECTS 

Strong
 management team in place 

Extensive automation capabilities in Managed Cyber Services enabling scalability at high margin 

Competing
 in high growth markets 

Global
 operational capabilities 

Effective
 marketing and strong brand awareness in the industry 

Vast
 expertise in technology domains 

Top
 customers in the industry in every segment 

Diverse
 customer base of nearly 500 channel partners across three different sales channels 

Focused
 on high growth markets 

Multiple
 data centers/clouds and intellectual property portfolio 

Our
Growth Strategy 

Under
 our current management team we have developed a growth strategy based on a combination of organic growth and growth through operations.
 Our strategy is focused on building the business on high margin recurring revenue to drive long term sustainability. We have consolidated
 our sales and management team to leverage the strength of our clients and sell across the existing base. We will continue to focus
 on existing offerings while adding robust new capabilities. 

We
 will continue to grow and expand our award winning, channel only Overwatch Managed Cyber Security platform. This service leverages
 our extensive expertise to prevent, detect, and respond to cyber threats 24x7x365. These services are in high demand around the world,
 and our platform is cutting edge. 

Grow Revenues and Market Share through acquisition of recurring revenue in the highly fragmented managed services provider space without acquiring and integrating the entire business. This strategy is underpinned by our substantial investment in automation technologies which allow us to perform managed services with a fraction of the normal labor burden. 

5 

Aggressively
 Expand Our Organic Growth Initiatives around our Professional Services Business. Our customers have an extensive array of needs and
 business segments they serve. We will expand our offerings, skillsets, and geographic reach with our customers to support their clients.
 As we expand the breadth of our service offerings through both organic growth and selective acquisitions, we believe we have opportunities
 to expand revenues with our existing clients. 

Expand
 Our Relationships with New Service Partners. We plan to capture and expand new relationships. We believe that the business model
 for the expansion of these relationships, leveraging our core strengths, experience and broad array of service solutions, will support
 our business model for organic growth. 

Increase
 Operating Margins by Leveraging Operating Efficiencies. We believe that by centralizing administrative functions, consolidating insurance
 coverage and eliminating redundancies across our newly acquired businesses, we will be positioned to offer more integrated end-to-end
 solutions and increase operating margins. 

Expansion
 of Sales and Marketing. We believe that we can continue to expand our outside sales team, build an effective inside sales team, and
 provide additional momentum through marketing support and partner focused events. 

Our
Services 

We provide award winning managed
cyber security solutions, managed services, and wholesale communications exclusively through our channel partners around the world. We
leverage state of the art cyber security tools to deliver these services. We have built out extensive data center/cloud infrastructure
enabling our partners to provide concierge level security services and extend their value proposition to their own clients with a high
degree of certainty. Our U.S. based Security Operations Center (SOC) provides SOC as a Service (SOCaaS) to manage all of the tools 24x7x365.
Our cybersecurity operations are 100 U.S. based with no offshore presence, entirely provided by our own employees. Our open architecture
ecosystem is vendor and technology agnostic and allows us to integrate and automate with a nearly limitless number of security tools and
solutions. 

Our Technology Services teams
support the deployment of new networks and technologies, expand and maintain existing networks, as well as decommissioning obsolete legacy
networks. We also design, install and maintain hardware solutions for the leading OEMs that support voice, data and optical networks.
Our consulting and professional solutions to the service-provider and enterprise market in support of all facets of telecommunications
and next-generation networks, including project management, network implementation, network installation, network upgrades, rebuilds,
maintenance and consulting services. Our global certified professional services organization offers consulting, design, engineering, integration,
implementation and ongoing support of all solutions offered by our company. We believe our ability to respond rapidly is a differentiating
factor for national and international-based customers needing a broad range of our services and solutions. 

6 

Customers 

On behalf of our clients, we provide services for most of the Fortune
1000 enterprises and the like, software and hardware OEMs, wireless and wireline service providers, cable broadband MSOs and telecommunications
OEMs. Our current service provider and OEM customers include the largest resellers of technology in the world, technology manufacturers,
telecom carriers, and over 230 managed service providers. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, our top four customers accounted for approximately 50 and 55 of our
total revenues. 

A
substantial portion of our revenue is derived from work performed under multi-year master service agreements and multi-year service contracts.
We have entered into master service agreements, or MSAs, with numerous service providers and OEMs, and generally have multiple agreements
with each of our customers. MSAs are generally the contracting vehicle with work awarded primarily through a competitive bidding process
based on the depth of our service offerings, experience, price, geographic coverage and capacity. MSAs generally contain customer-specified
service requirements, such as discrete pricing for individual tasks, but do not require our customers to purchase a minimum amount of
services. To the extent that such contracts specify exclusivity, there are often a number of exceptions, including the ability of the
customer to issue work orders valued above a specified dollar amount to other service providers, perform work with the customer s
own employees and use other service providers. Most of our MSAs may be cancelled by our customers upon minimum notice (typically 60 days),
regardless of whether we are or are not in default. In addition, many of these contracts permit cancellation of particular purchase orders
or statements of work without any prior notice but do allow for payment for services performed up to the point of hold or cancellation. 

Suppliers
and Vendors 

We
have supply agreements with major technology vendors and material supply houses. However, for a majority of the professional services
we perform, our customers supply the necessary major equipment and materials. We expect to continue to further develop our relationships
with our technology vendors and to broaden our scope of work with each of our partners. In many cases, our relationships with our partners
have extended for over a decade, which we attribute to our commitment to excellence. It is our objective to selectively expand our partnerships
moving forward in order to expand our service offerings. 

Safety
and Risk Management 

We
require our employees to participate in internal training and service programs from time to time relevant to their employment and to
complete any training programs required by law. The telecommunications division has not had any OSHA recordable incidents, lost workdays
or fatalities since inception which includes: 2006 through 2022. Our policy is to review accidents and claims from our operations, examine
trends and implement changes in procedures to address safety issues. We have no Claims in our business related to: workers compensation
claims, general liability and damage claims, or claims related to vehicle accidents, including personal injury and property damage. We
insure against the risk of loss arising from our operations up to certain deductible limits in all of the states in which we operate.
In addition, we retain risk of loss, up to certain limits, under our employee group health plan. We evaluate our insurance requirements
on an ongoing basis to help ensure we maintain adequate levels of coverage internally and externally for our clients. 

Our
internal policy is to carefully monitor claims and actively participate with our insurers in determining claims estimates and adjustments.
The estimated costs of claims are accrued as liabilities and include estimates for claims incurred but not reported. If we experience
future insurance claims in excess of our umbrella coverage limit, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 

7 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 342 full-time employees and 6 part-time employees, of whom 30 were in administration and corporate management,
5 were accounting personnel, 23 were sales personnel and 290 are engaged in professional engineering, operations, project managerial
and technical roles. 

We maintain a core of professional, technical, and managerial personnel
and add employees as deemed appropriate to address operational and scale requirements related to growth. Additionally, we will flex 
our work force through the use of temporary or agency staff and through subcontractors. 

Environmental
Matters 

A portion of the work related to the telecommunication division is
work associated with above ground and underground networks of our customers. As a result, we are potentially subject to material liabilities
related to encountering underground objects that may cause the release of hazardous materials or substances. We are subject to federal,
state, and local environmental laws and regulations, including those regarding the removal and remediation of hazardous substances and
waste. These laws and regulations can impose significant fines and criminal sanctions for violations. Costs associated with the discharge
of hazardous substances may include clean-up costs and related damages or liabilities. These costs could be significant and could adversely
affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

Regulation 

Our
operations are subject to various federal, state, local and international laws and regulations, including licensing, permitting and inspection
requirements applicable to electricians and engineers; building codes; permitting and inspection requirements applicable to construction
and installation projects; regulations relating to worker safety and environmental protection; telecommunication regulations affecting
our wireless, wireline and fiber optic business; labor and employment laws; laws governing advertising, and laws governing our public
business. 

Our
Corporate Information 

Our
principal offices are located at 30 North Lincoln Street, Batavia, Illinois 60510. Our telephone number is (952) 974-4000. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and all other information contained in this
report before purchasing our securities. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could
lose some or all of your investment. 

In
addition to the other information in this annual report, you should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating us and our
business. This annual report contains, in addition to historical information, forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties,
some of which are beyond our control. Should one or more of these risks and uncertainties materialize or should underlying assumptions
prove incorrect, our actual results could differ materially. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but
are not limited to, those discussed below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this annual report, including the documents incorporated
by reference. 

There
are risks associated with investing in companies such as ours. In addition to risks which could apply to any company or business, you
should also consider the business we are in and the following: 

8 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Results and Financing Plans 

We
have a history of losses and may continue to incur losses in the future. 

We have a history of losses and may continue to incur losses in the
future, which could negatively impact the trading value of our common stock. We incurred losses from operations of 23,661,958 and 3,674,429
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, we incurred a net loss attributable to common stockholders
of 19,035,088 and 19,191,952 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We may continue to incur operating and net
losses in future periods. These losses may increase, and we may never achieve profitability for a variety of reasons, including increased
competition, decreased growth in the unified communications industry, and other factors described elsewhere in this Risk Factors 
section. If we cannot achieve sustained profitability, our stockholders may lose all or a portion of their investment in our company. 

If
we are unable to grow our revenue, we may never achieve or sustain profitability. 

To
become profitable, we must, among other things, continue increase our revenues. We have experienced significant growth in recent years,
primarily due to our strategic acquisitions. Our total revenues increased from 27,206,689 in the year ended December 31, 2021 to 55,049,441
in the year ended December 31, 2022. In order to become profitable and maintain our profitability, we must, among other things, continue
to increase our revenues. We may be unable to sustain our recent revenue growth, particularly if we are unable to develop and market
our telecommunications, increase our sales to existing customers or develop new customers. However, even if our revenues continue to
grow, they may not be sufficient to exceed increases in our operating expenses or to enable us to achieve or sustain profitability. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the ADEX Entities, which were divested in March 2023, accounted for 28,270,502 and 11,868,619,
respectively, of revenue. 

Our
substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to meet our
payment obligations. 

As
of December 31, 2021, we had total indebtedness of 10,053,665, consisting of 3,223,894 of convertible debentures, 2,931,147 of loans
payable, 209,031 of loans payable to related parties, and 3,689,593 of factor financing. 8,091,050 of this debt is due within the
year ending December 31, 2023. Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to our stockholders. For example, it could: 

increase
 our vulnerability to and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business; 

place
 us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; 

limit
 our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of assets, pay dividends, and make certain investments; and 

make
 us more vulnerable to a general economic downturn than a company that is less leveraged. 

A
high level of indebtedness would increase the risk that we may default on our debt obligations. Our ability to meet our debt obligations
and to reduce our level of indebtedness will depend on our future performance. General economic conditions and financial, business, and
other factors affect our operations and our future performance. Many of these factors are beyond our control. We may not be able to generate
sufficient cash flows to pay the interest on our debt and future working capital, borrowings or equity financing may not be available
to pay or refinance such debt. Factors that will affect our ability to raise cash through an offering of our capital stock or a refinancing
of our debt include our ability to access the public equity and debt markets, financial market conditions, the value of our assets and
our performance at the time we need capital. 

9 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

Our
inability to obtain additional capital may prevent us from completing our acquisition strategy and successfully operating our business;
however, additional financings may subject our existing stockholders to substantial dilution. 

We
expect to finance our anticipated future strategic acquisitions through public or private equity offerings or debt financings. Additional
funds may not be available when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may
be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more strategic acquisitions or business plans. To the extent that we raise
additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution. In addition, debt financing, if
available, may involve restrictive covenants. We may seek to access the public or private capital markets whenever conditions are favorable,
even if we do not have an immediate need for additional capital at that time. Our access to the financial markets and the pricing and
terms we receive in the financial markets could be adversely impacted by various factors, including changes in financial markets and
interest rates. 

Our
future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the costs and timing of our future acquisitions. 

A
failure to successfully execute our strategy of acquiring other businesses to grow our company could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We
intend to continue pursuing growth through the acquisition of companies or assets to expand our product offerings, project skill sets
and capabilities, enlarge our geographic markets, and increase critical mass to enable us to bid on larger contracts. However, we may
be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates or to complete acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. Moreover, any completed
acquisition may not result in the intended benefits. For example, while the historical financial and operating performance of an acquisition
target are among the criteria we evaluate in determining which acquisition targets we will pursue, there can be no assurance that any
business or assets we acquire will continue to perform in accordance with past practices or will achieve financial or operating results
that are consistent with or exceed past results. Any such failure could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results
of operations. In addition, any completed acquisition may not result in the intended benefits for other reasons and our acquisitions
will involve a number of other risks, including: 

We
 may have difficulty integrating the acquired companies; 

Our
 ongoing business and management s attention may be disrupted or diverted by transition or integration issues and the complexity
 of managing geographically or culturally diverse enterprises; 

We
 may not realize the anticipated cost savings or other financial benefits we anticipated; 

We
 may have difficulty retaining or hiring key personnel, customers and suppliers to maintain expanded operations; 

Our
 internal resources may not be adequate to support our operations as we expand, particularly if we are awarded a significant number
 of contracts in a short time period; 

We
 may have difficulty retaining and obtaining required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits; 

We
 may not be able to obtain additional equity or debt financing on terms acceptable to us or at all, and any such financing could result
 in dilution to our stockholders, impact our ability to service our debt within the scheduled repayment terms and include covenants
 or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations; 

We
 may have failed to, or be unable to, discover liabilities of the acquired companies during the course of performing our due diligence;
 and 

10 

We
 may be required to record additional goodwill as a result of an acquisition, which will reduce our tangible net worth. 

Any
of these risks could prevent us from executing our acquisition growth strategy, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our
engagements can require longer implementations and other professional services engagements. 

Our
implementations can involve a longer period of delivery of telecommunication and infrastructure services and technologies. In addition,
existing customers for other professional services projects often retain us for those projects sometime beyond an initial implementation.
A successful implementation or other professional services project requires a close working relationship between us, the customer and
often third- party consultants and systems integrators who assist in the process. These factors may increase the costs associated with
completion of any given project award/sale, increase the timeline risks of collection of amounts due during implementations or other
professional services projects, and increase risks of delay of such projects. Delays in the completion of an implementation or any other
professional services project may require that the revenues associated with such implementation or project be recognized over a longer
period than originally anticipated, or may result in disputes with customers, third-party consultants or systems integrators regarding
performance as originally anticipated. Such delays in the implementation may cause material fluctuations in our operating results. In
addition, customers may defer implementation projects or portions of such projects and such deferrals could have a material adverse effect
on our business and results of operations. 

Our
future success is substantially dependent on third-party relationships. 

An
element of our strategy is to establish and maintain alliances with other companies, such as suppliers of products and services for construction
and maintenance. These relationships enhance our status in the marketplace, which generates new business opportunities and marketing
channels and, in certain cases, additional revenue and profitability. To effectively generate revenue out of these relationships, each
party must coordinate and support required hence the sales and marketing efforts of the other, often including making a sizable investment
in such sales and marketing activity. Our inability to establish and maintain effective alliances with other companies could impact our
success in the marketplace, which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. In addition, as we cannot control
the actions of these third-party alliances, if these companies suffer business downturns or fail to meet their objectives, we may experience
a resulting diminished revenue and decline in results of operations. 

If
we do not accurately estimate the overall costs when we bid on a contract that is awarded to us, we may achieve a lower than anticipated
profit or incur a loss on the contract. 

A
portion of our revenues from our technology and professional services offerings are derived from fixed unit price contracts that require
us to perform the contract for a fixed unit price irrespective of our actual costs. We bid for these contracts based on our estimates
of overall costs, but cost overruns may cause us to incur losses. The costs incurred and any net profit realized on such contracts can
vary, sometimes substantially, from the original projections due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

onsite
 conditions that differ from those assumed in the original bid and do not qualify for a job change order; 

delays
 in project starts or completion; 

contract
 modifications creating unanticipated costs not covered by change orders; 

development
 of new technologies; 

availability
 and skill level of workers in the geographic location of a project; 

our
 suppliers or subcontractors failure to perform due to various reasons, including bankruptcy; 

fraud
 or theft committed by our employees or others; 

citations
 or fines issued by any governmental authority; 

delays
 caused by any government authority; 

difficulties
 in obtaining required governmental permits or approvals or performance bonds; 

labor
 and material cost greater than anticipated; 

11 

changes
 in applicable laws and regulations; and 

claims
 or demands from third parties alleging damages arising from our work or from the project of which our work is a part. 

These
factors may cause actual reduced profitability or losses on projects, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

Our
contracts may require us to perform extra or change order work, which can result in disputes and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our
contracts generally require us to perform extra or change order work as directed by the customer, even if the customer has not agreed
in advance on the scope or price of the extra work to be performed. This process may result in disputes over whether the work performed
is beyond the scope of the work included in the original project plans and specifications or, if the customer agrees that the work performed
qualifies as extra work, the price that the customer is willing to pay for the extra work. Even when the customer agrees to pay for the
extra work, we may be required to fund the cost of such work for a lengthy period of time until the change order is approved by the customer
and we are paid by the customer. 

To
the extent that actual recoveries with respect to change orders or amounts subject to contract disputes or claims are less than the estimates
used in our financial statements, the amount of any shortfall will reduce our future revenues and profits, and this could adversely affect
our reported working capital and results of operations. In addition, any delay caused by the extra work may adversely impact the timely
scheduling of other project work and our ability to meet specified contract milestone dates. 

We
derive a significant portion of our revenue from a few customers and the loss of one of these customers, or a reduction in their demand
for our services, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our
customer base on the telecommunication sector is highly concentrated. Due to the size and nature of our contracts, one or a few customers
have represented a substantial portion of our consolidated revenues and gross profits in any one year or over a period of several consecutive
years. Our top four customers accounted for approximately 50 and 55 of our revenue in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Revenues under our contracts with significant customers may continue to vary from period to period depending on the timing or volume
of work that those customers order or perform with in-house service organizations. A limited number of customers may continue to comprise
a substantial portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. 

Because
we do not maintain any reserves for payment defaults, a default or delay in payment on a significant scale could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We could lose business from a significant customer for a variety
of reasons, including: 

the
 consolidation, merger, or acquisition of an existing customer, resulting in a change in procurement strategies employed by the surviving
 entity that could reduce the amount of work we receive; 

our
 performance on individual contracts or relationships with one or more significant customers could become impaired due to another
 reason, which may cause us to lose future business with such customers and, as a result, our ability to generate income would be
 adversely impacted; 

key
 customers could slow or stop spending on initiatives related to projects we are performing for them due to increased difficulty in
 the markets as a result of economic downturns or other reasons. 

Since
many of our customer contracts allow our customers to terminate the contract without cause, our customers may terminate their contracts
with us at will, which could impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

12 

Our
failure to adequately expand our direct sales force will impede our growth. 

We
will need to continue to expand and optimize our sales infrastructure in order to grow our customer base and our business. We plan to
continue to expand our account management/sales force, both domestically and internationally. Identifying and recruiting qualified personnel
and training them requires significant time, expense, and attention. If we are unable to hire, develop and retain talented account management/sales
personnel or if the personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, we may not be able to
realize the intended benefits of this investment or increase our revenue. 

If
we are unable to attract and retain qualified executive officers and managers, we will be unable to operate efficiently, which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We
depend on the continued efforts and abilities of our management, as well as the senior management of our subsidiaries, to establish and
maintain our customer relationships and identify strategic opportunities. The loss of any one of them could negatively affect our ability
to execute our business strategy and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Competition
for managerial talent with significant industry experience is high and we may lose access to executive officers for a variety of reasons,
including more attractive compensation packages offered by our competitors. Although we have entered into employment agreements with
certain of our senior level management, we cannot guarantee that any of them or other key management personnel will remain employed by
us for any length of time. 

We
derive a significant portion of our revenues from master service agreements that may be cancelled by customers on short notice, or which
we may be unable to renew on favorable terms or at all. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we derived substantially all of our revenues from master service agreements and long-term
contracts, none of which require our customers to purchase a minimum amount of services. The majority of these contracts may be cancelled
by our customers upon minimal notice (typically 60 days), regardless of whether or not we are in default. In addition, many of these
contracts permit cancellation of particular purchase orders or statements of work without any notice. 

These
agreements typically do not require our customers to assign a specific amount of work to us until a purchase order or statement of work
is signed. Consequently, projected expenditures by customers are not assured until a definitive purchase order or statement of work is
placed with us and the work is completed. Furthermore, our customers generally require competitive bidding of these contracts. As a result,
we could be underbid by our competitors or be required to lower the prices charged under a contract being rebid. The loss of work obtained
through master service agreements and long-term contracts or the reduced profitability of such work could adversely affect our business
or results of operations. 

Unanticipated
delays due to adverse weather conditions, global climate change and difficult work sites and environments may slow completion of our
contracts, impair our customer relationships and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Because
some of our work in the telecommunication sector is performed outdoors, our business is impacted by extended periods of inclement weather
and is subject to unpredictable weather conditions, which could become more frequent or severe if general climatic changes occur. Generally,
inclement weather is more likely to occur during the winter season, which falls during our first and fourth fiscal quarters. Additionally,
adverse weather conditions can result in project delays or cancellations, potentially causing us to incur additional unanticipated costs,
reductions in revenues or the payment of liquidated damages. In addition, some of our contracts require that we assume the risk that
actual site conditions vary from those expected. Significant periods of bad weather typically reduce profitability of affected contracts,
both in the current period and during the future life of affected contracts, which can negatively affect our results of operations in
current and future periods until the affected contracts are completed. 

13 

Some
of our projects involve challenging engineering, procurement and construction phases that may occur over extended time periods, sometimes
up to several years. We may encounter difficulties in engineering, delays in designs or materials provided by the customer or a third
party, equipment and material delivery delays, schedule changes, delays from customer failure to timely obtain rights-of-way, weather-related
delays, delays by subcontractors in completing their portion of the project and other factors, some of which are beyond our control,
but which may impact our ability to complete a project within the original delivery schedule. In some cases, delays and additional costs
may be substantial, and we may be required to cancel a project and/or compensate the customer for the delay. We may not be able to recover
any of these costs. Any such delays, cancellations, defects, errors or other failures to meet customer expectations could result in damage
claims substantially in excess of revenue associated with a project. These factors could also negatively impact our reputation or relationships
with our customers, which could adversely affect our ability to secure new contracts. 

Environmental
and other regulatory matters could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and could require expenditures that could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our
operations are subject to laws and regulations relating to workplace safety and worker health that, among other things, regulate employee
exposure to hazardous substances. While immigration laws require us to take certain steps intended to confirm the legal status of our
immigrant labor force, we may nonetheless unknowingly employ illegal immigrants. Violations of laws and regulations could subject us
to substantial fines and penalties, cleanup costs, third- party property damage or personal injury claims. In addition, these laws and
regulations have become, and enforcement practices and compliance standards are becoming, increasingly stringent. Moreover, we cannot
predict the nature, scope or effect of legislation or regulatory requirements that could be imposed, or how existing or future laws or
regulations will be administered or interpreted, with respect to products or activities to which they have not been previously applied.
Compliance with more stringent laws or regulations, as well as more vigorous enforcement policies of the regulatory agencies, could require
us to make substantial expenditures for, among other things, pollution control systems and other equipment that we do not currently possess,
or the acquisition or modification of permits applicable to our activities. 

Fines,
judgments and other consequences resulting from our failure to comply with regulations or adverse outcomes in litigation proceedings
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

From
time to time, we may be involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions, including class action lawsuits that are brought or threatened against
us in the ordinary course of business. These actions may seek, among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury, workers 
compensation, violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act and state wage and hour laws, employment discrimination, breach of contract,
property damage, punitive damages, civil penalties, and consequential damages or other losses, or injunctive or declaratory relief. Any
defects or errors, or failures to meet our customers expectations could result in large damage claims against us. Claimants may
seek large damage awards and, due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any
such proceedings. Any failure to properly estimate or manage cost, or delay in the completion of projects, could subject us to penalties. 

The
ultimate resolution of these matters through settlement, mediation or court judgment could have a material impact on our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. Regardless of the outcome of any litigation, these proceedings could result in substantial cost
and may require us to devote substantial resources to defend ourselves. When appropriate, we establish reserves for litigation and claims
that we believe to be adequate in light of current information, legal advice and professional indemnity insurance coverage, and we adjust
such reserves from time to time according to developments. If our reserves are inadequate or insurance coverage proves to be inadequate
or unavailable, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may suffer. 

14 

If
we are required to reclassify independent contractors as employees, we may incur additional costs and taxes which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We
use a significant number of independent contractors in our operations for whom we do not pay or withhold any federal, state or provincial
employment tax. There are a number of different tests used in determining whether an individual is an employee or an independent contractor
and such tests generally take into account multiple factors. There can be no assurance that legislative, judicial, or regulatory (including
tax) authorities will not introduce proposals or assert interpretations of existing rules and regulations that would change, or at least
challenge, the classification of our independent contractors. Although we believe we have properly classified our independent contractors,
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. federal or state authorities or similar authorities of a foreign government may determine
that we have misclassified our independent contractors for employment tax or other purposes and, as a result, seek additional taxes from
us or attempt to impose fines and penalties. If we are required to pay employer taxes or pay backup withholding with respect to prior
periods with respect to or on behalf of our independent contractors, our operating costs will increase, which could adversely impact
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our
dependence on subcontractors and suppliers could increase our cost and impair our ability to complete contracts on a timely basis or
at all. 

We
rely on third-party subcontractors to perform some of the work on our contracts. We also rely on third-party suppliers to provide materials
needed to perform our obligations under those contracts. We generally do not bid on contracts unless we have the necessary subcontractors
and suppliers committed for the anticipated scope of the contract and at prices that we have included in our bid. Therefore, to the extent
that we cannot engage subcontractors or suppliers, our ability to bid for contracts may be impaired. In addition, if a subcontractor
or third-party supplier is unable to deliver its goods or services according to the negotiated terms for any reason, we may suffer delays
and be required to purchase the services from another source at a higher price. We sometimes pay our subcontractors and suppliers before
our customers pay us for the related services. If customers fail to pay us and we choose, or are required, to pay our subcontractors
for work performed or pay our suppliers for goods received, we could suffer an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. 

Our
insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all significant risk exposures. 

We
will be exposed to liabilities that are unique to the services we provide. While we intend to maintain insurance for certain risks, the
amount of our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear substantial costs
resulting from risks and uncertainties of our business. It is also not possible to obtain insurance to protect against all operational
risks and liabilities. The failure to obtain adequate insurance coverage on terms favorable to us, or at all, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

A
portion of our operations are subject to hazards that may cause personal injury or property damage, thereby subjecting us to liabilities
and possible losses, which may not be covered by insurance. 

Our
workers are subject to hazards associated with providing construction and related services on construction sites. For example, some of
the work we perform is underground. If the field location maps supplied to us are not accurate, or if objects are present in the soil
that are not indicated on the field location maps, our underground work could strike objects in the soil containing pollutants that could
result in a rupture and discharge of pollutants. In such a case, we may be liable for fines and damages. These operating hazards can
cause personal injury and loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, plant and equipment and environmental damage. Even though
we believe that the insurance coverage we maintain is in amounts and against the risks that we believe are consistent with industry practice,
this insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses or liabilities that we may incur in our operations. To the extent that we experience
a material increase in the frequency or severity of accidents or workers compensation claims, or unfavorable developments on existing
claims, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 

The
Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, or OSHA, establishes certain employer responsibilities, including the maintenance
of a workplace free of recognized hazards likely to cause death or serious injury, compliance with standards promulgated by the Occupational
Health and Safety and Health Administration and various recordkeeping, disclosure, and procedural requirements. While we have invested,
and will continue to invest, substantial resources in occupational health and safety programs, serious accidents or violations of OSHA
rules may subject us to substantial penalties, civil litigation, or criminal prosecution, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. However, our record to date has had no incidents or losses and we are in full
compliance with a 100 safety record. 

15 

Errors
in our contracting services may give rise to claims against us, increase our expenses, or harm our reputation. 

Our
contracting services are complex and our final work product may contain errors. We have not historically accrued reserves for potential
claims as they have been immaterial. The costs associated with such claims, including any legal proceedings, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The
extent to which the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak and measures taken in response thereto impact our business, results
of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

Global
health concerns relating to the coronavirus outbreak have been weighing on the macroeconomic environment, and the outbreak has significantly
increased economic uncertainty. Risks related to consumers and businesses lowering or changing spending, which impact domestic and international
spend. The outbreak has resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions,
quarantines, shelter in place orders, and business shutdowns. These measures have not only negatively impacted consumer spending and
business spending habits, they have also adversely impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations and the operations of
our customers, suppliers and business partners. These measures may remain in place for a significant period of time and they are likely
to continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
spread of the coronavirus has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation
of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities
or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers and business partners. There is no certainty that such measures
will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus or otherwise be satisfactory to government authorities. 

The
extent to which the coronavirus outbreak impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity,
the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can
resume. Even after the coronavirus outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience materially adverse impacts to our business as
a result of its global economic impact, including any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. 

There
are no comparable recent events which may provide guidance as to the effect of the spread of the coronavirus and a global pandemic, and,
as a result, the ultimate impact of the coronavirus outbreak or a similar health epidemic is highly uncertain and subject to change.
We do not yet know the full extent of the impacts on our business, our operations, or the global economy as a whole. However, the effects
could have a material impact on our results of operations, and we will continue to monitor the coronavirus situation closely. As of March
2021, multiple variants of the COVID-19 virus are circulating globally that are highly transmissible, and there is uncertainty around
vaccine effectiveness on the new strains of the virus. Uncertainty around vaccine distribution, supply and effectiveness will impact
when the negative economic effects as a result of COVID-19 will abate or end and the timing of such recovery may affect our financial
condition. 

16 

Risks
Related to Our Industry 

Our
industry is highly competitive, with a variety of larger companies with greater resources competing with us, and our failure to compete
effectively could reduce the number of new contracts awarded to us or adversely affect our market share and harm our financial performance. 

The contracts on which we bid are generally awarded through a competitive
bid process, with awards generally being made to the lowest bidder, but sometimes based on other factors, such as shorter contract schedules,
larger scale to complete projects or prior experience with the customer. Managed Services is a very competitive market and as such, our
strategy to work exclusively through distribution channels with existing customer bases and robust sales organizations that can provide
rapid growth. Most of our competitors are not channel only, but rather serve customers directly as well as have a channel component. Many
are also wed to their own software, which makes it challenging to pivot as threats change. Some of our significant competitors would be
Arctic Wolf, Herjevic Group, SecureWorks, and numerous smaller competitors. In some segments of our business, price is often an important
factor in determining which service provider is selected by our customers, especially on smaller, less complex projects. As a result,
any organization with adequate financial resources and access to technical expertise may become a competitor. Smaller competitors are
sometimes able to win bids for these projects based on price alone because of their lower costs and financial return requirements. Additionally,
our competitors may develop the expertise, experience and resources to provide services that are equal or superior in price to our services,
and we may not be able to maintain or enhance our competitive position. 

Some
of our competitors have already achieved greater market penetration than we have in the markets in which we compete, and some have greater
financial and other resources than we do. A number of national companies in our industry are larger than we are and, if they so desire,
could establish a presence in our markets and compete with us for contracts. As a result of this competition, we may need to accept lower
contract margins in order to compete against competitors that have the ability to accept awards at lower prices or have a pre-existing
relationship with a customer. If we are unable to compete successfully in our markets, our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 

Many
of the industries we serve are subject to consolidation and rapid technological and regulatory change, and our inability or failure to
adjust to our customers changing needs could reduce demand for our services. 

We
derive, and anticipate that we will continue to derive, a substantial portion of our revenue from customers in the telecommunications
and utilities industries. The telecommunications and utilities industries are subject to rapid changes in technology and governmental
regulation. Changes in technology may reduce the demand for the services we provide. For example, new or developing technologies could
displace the wireline systems used for the transmission of voice, video and data, and improvements in existing technology may allow telecommunications
providers to significantly improve their networks without physically upgrading them. Alternatively, our customers could perform more
tasks themselves, which would cause our business to suffer. Additionally, the telecommunications and utilities industries have been characterized
by a high level of consolidation that may result in the loss of one or more of our customers. Our failure to rapidly adopt and master
new technologies as they are developed in any of the industries we serve or the consolidation of one or more of our significant customers
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Further,
many of our telecommunications customers are regulated by the Federal Communications Commission, or the FCC, and other international
regulators. The FCC and other regulators may interpret the application of their regulations in a manner that is different than the way
such regulations are currently interpreted and may impose additional regulations, either of which could reduce demand for our services
and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Economic
downturns could cause capital expenditures in the industries we serve to decrease, which may adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The
demand for our services has been, and will likely continue to be, cyclical in nature and vulnerable to general downturns in the United
States economy. The current election cycle may cause economic uncertainty. The wireless and wireline telecommunications industry are
cyclical in nature and vulnerable to general downturns in the United States and international economies. Our customers are affected by
economic changes that decrease the need for or the profitability of their services. This can result in a decrease in the demand for our
services and potentially result in the delay or cancellation of projects by our customers. Slow-downs in real estate, fluctuations in
commodity prices and decreased demand by end-customers for services could affect our customers and their capital expenditure plans. As
a result, some of our customers may opt to defer or cancel pending projects. A downturn in overall economic conditions also affects the
priorities placed on various projects funded by governmental entities and federal, state, and local spending levels. 

17 

In
general, economic uncertainty makes it difficult to estimate our customers requirements for our services. Our plan for growth
depends on expanding our company both in the United States and internationally. If economic factors in any of the regions in which we
plan to expand are not favorable to the growth and development of the telecommunications industries in those countries, we may not be
able to carry out our growth strategy, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Other
Risks Relating to Our Company and Results of Operations 

Our
operating results may fluctuate due to factors that are difficult to forecast and not within our control. 

Our
past telecommunications operating results may not be accurate indicators of future performance, and you should not rely on such results
to predict our future performance. 

Our
operating results have fluctuated and could fluctuate in the future. Factors that may contribute to fluctuations include: 

changes
 in aggregate capital spending, cyclicality and other economic conditions, or domestic and international demand in the industries
 we serve; 

our
 ability to effectively manage our working capital; 

our
 ability to satisfy consumer demands in a timely and cost-effective manner; 

pricing
 and availability of labor and materials; 

shifts
 in geographic concentration of customers, supplies and labor pools; and 

seasonal
 fluctuations in demand and our revenue. 

Actual
results could differ from the estimates and assumptions that we use to prepare our financial statements. 

To
prepare financial statements in conformity with GAAP, management is required to make estimates and assumptions as of the date of the
financial statements that affect the reported values of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosures of contingent
assets and liabilities. Areas requiring significant estimates by our management include: 

contract
 costs and profits and application of percentage-of-completion accounting and revenue recognition of contract change order claims; 

provisions
 for uncollectible receivables and customer claims and recoveries of costs from subcontractors, suppliers, and others; 

valuation
 of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with business combinations; 

accruals
 for estimated liabilities, including litigation and insurance reserves; and 

goodwill
 and intangible asset impairment assessment. 

At
the time the estimates and assumptions are made, we believe they are accurate based on the information available. However, our actual
results could differ from, and could require adjustments to, those estimates. 

18 

We
exercise judgment in determining our provision for taxes in the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico that are subject to tax authority
audit review that could result in additional tax liability and potential penalties that would negatively affect our net income. 

The
amounts we record in intercompany transactions for services, licenses, funding, and other items affects our potential tax liabilities.
Our tax filings are subject to review or audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and state, local and foreign taxing authorities.
We exercise judgment in determining our worldwide provision for income and other taxes and, in the ordinary course of our business, there
may be transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Examinations of our tax returns could result
in significant proposed adjustments and assessment of additional taxes that could adversely affect our tax provision and net income in
the period or periods for which that determination is made. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

An
active trading market for our common stock may not develop. 

Our
common stock has not yet been listed on any national securities exchange and has not been quoted on The OTC Bulletin Board or any of
the marketplaces of OTC Link. We cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in us will lead to the development of an active
public trading market or how liquid that public market may become. 

Additionally,
because the quoted price of our common stock is less than 5.00 per share, our common stock is considered a penny stock, 
and trading in our common stock is subject to the requirements of Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act. Under this rule, broker/dealers
who recommend low-priced securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must satisfy special sales practice
requirements, including making an individualized written suitability determination for the purchaser and receiving the purchaser s
written consent prior to the transaction. Securities and Exchange Commission regulations also require additional disclosure in connection
with any trades involving a penny stock, including the delivery, prior to any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure
schedule explaining the penny stock market and its associated risks. These requirements severely limit the liquidity of securities in
the secondary market because few brokers or dealers are likely to undertake these compliance activities and this limited liquidity will
make it more difficult for an investor to sell his shares of our common stock in the secondary market should the investor wish to liquidate
the investment. In addition to the applicability of the penny stock rules, other risks associated with trading in penny stocks could
also be price fluctuations and the lack of a liquid market. 

Our
stock price may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to investors and litigation. 

In
addition to changes to market prices based on our results of operations and the factors discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors 
section, the market price of and trading volume for our common stock may change for a variety of other reasons, not necessarily related
to our actual operating performance. The capital markets have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating
performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. In addition,
the average daily trading volume of the securities of small companies can be very low, which may contribute to future volatility. Factors
that could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly include: 

the
 results of operating and financial performance and prospects of other companies in our industry; 

strategic
 actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

announcements
 of innovations, increased service capabilities, new or terminated customers or new, amended or terminated contracts by our competitors; 

the
 public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

lack
 of securities analyst coverage or speculation in the press or investment community about us or market opportunities in the telecommunications
 services and staffing industry; 

changes
 in government policies in the United States and, as our international business increases, in other foreign countries; 

19 

changes
 in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities or research analysts who track our common stock or failure of our actual results
 of operations to meet those expectations; 

market
 and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy; 

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations, or principles; 

any lawsuit involving us,
 our services, or our products; 

arrival and departure of
 key personnel; 

sales of common stock by
 us, our investors, or members of our management team; and 

changes in general market,
 economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from
 natural or man-made disasters. 

Any of these factors, as
well as broader market and industry factors, may result in large and sudden changes in the trading volume of our common stock and could
seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. This may prevent you from being able to
sell your shares at or above the price you paid for your shares of our common stock, if at all. In addition, following periods of volatility
in the market price of a company s securities, stockholders often institute securities class action litigation against that company.
Our involvement in any class action suit or other legal proceeding could divert our senior management s attention and could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The sale or availability for sale of substantial
amounts of our common stock could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Sales of substantial amounts
of shares of our common stock, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock
and could impair our future ability to raise capital through common stock offerings. As of December 31, 2022, we had 164,490,441 shares
of common stock issued and 164,488,370 shares outstanding, of which 12,118,167 shares were restricted securities pursuant to Rule 144
promulgated by the SEC. The sale of these shares into the open market may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

In addition, at December
31, 2022, we also had outstanding 3,332,925 aggregate principal and 516,864 accrued interest of convertible loans payable to related
parties and convertible notes that were convertible into 58,921,007 shares of common stock on that date. However, we cannot currently
determine the total number of shares of our common stock that may be issued upon the conversion or repayment of our convertible notes
because the total number of shares and the conversion prices or the prices at which we can issue our common stock to pay down the principal
of and interest on our convertible notes depend on a number of factors, including the prices and nature of any equity securities we may
issue in the future and the market prices of our common stock in the periods leading up to any particular amortization payment date on
which we elect to make amortization payments on our convertible notes in shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were
also outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 13,100,000 shares of our common stock at a weighted-average exercise price of 0.11
per share, all of which were exercisable as of such date, and outstanding stock options to purchase 11,937,568 shares of our common stock
at a weighted average exercise price of 0.26 per share, 7,306,444 of which were exercisable as of such date. As of December 31, 2022,
there were also outstanding preferred shares convertible into 94,585,681 shares of our common stock based on the conversion terms of
each class. The conversion of a significant principal amount of our outstanding convertible debt securities into shares of our common
stock, our repayment of a significant amount of principal, interest or other amounts payable under such debt securities in shares of
our common stock or the exercise of outstanding warrants at prices below the market price of our common stock could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock. The market price of our common stock also may be adversely affected by our issuance of shares of
our capital stock or convertible securities in connection with future acquisitions, or in connection with other financing efforts. 

20 

If we do not meet the listing standards
of a national securities exchange our investors ability to make transactions in our securities will be limited and we will be
subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our securities currently
are traded over-the-counter on the OTC QB market and are not qualified to be listed on a national securities exchange, such as NASDAQ.
Accordingly, we face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a
limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
liquidity with respect to our securities; 

our
shares of common stock are currently classified as penny stock which requires brokers trading in our shares of common stock
to adhere to more stringent rules, resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our shares of
common stock; 

a
limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a
decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities,
which are referred to as covered securities. Since our common stock is traded on the OTC Pink, our common stock is a covered
security. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute allows the states to investigate
companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the
sale of covered securities in a particular case. Further, if we were no longer traded over-the-counter, our common stock would not be
a covered security and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

Our shares of common stock are subject
to penny stock regulations. Because our common stock is a penny stock, holders of our common stock may find it difficult or may be unable
to sell their shares. 

The SEC has adopted rules
that regulate broker/dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with
a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system,
provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange system).
The penny stock rules require a broker/dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver
a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of
risks in the penny stock market. The broker/dealer also must provide the customer with bid and offer quotations for the penny stock,
the compensation of the broker/dealer, and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value
of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a
penny stock not otherwise exempt from such rules, the broker/dealer must make a special written determination that a penny stock is a
suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements
may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in any secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock
rules, and accordingly, holders of our common stock may find it difficult or may be unable to sell their shares. 

We have never paid cash dividends on our
common stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock. 

We have never paid cash dividends
and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any earnings
to finance our operations and growth. As a result, any short-term return on your investment will depend on the market price of our common
stock, and only appreciation of the price of our common stock, which may never occur, will provide a return to stockholders. The decision
whether to pay dividends will be made by our board of directors in light of conditions then existing, including, but not limited to,
factors such as our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions, and covenants under any applicable
contractual arrangements. Investors seeking cash dividends should not invest in our common stock. 

If equity research analysts do not publish
research or reports about our business, or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock, the market price of our
common stock will likely decline. 

The trading market for our
common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts, over whom we have no control, publish about
us and our business. We may never obtain research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no securities or industry analysts
commence coverage of our company, the market price for our common stock could decline. In the event we obtain securities or industry
analyst coverage, the market price of our common stock could decline if one or more equity analysts downgrade our common stock or if
those analysts issue unfavorable commentary, even if it is inaccurate, or cease publishing reports about us or our business. 

21 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive offices
are located in Batavia, Illinois. We are occupying our 2,400 sq ft offices under a five-year lease that expires in July 2023 and has current
monthly lease payments of 10,787. 

Set forth below are the locations
of the other properties leased by us, the businesses that use the properties, and the size of each such property. All such properties
are used by our company or by one of our subsidiaries principally as office facilities to house their administrative, marketing, and engineering
and professional services personnel. We believe our facilities and equipment to be in good condition and reasonably suited and adequate
for our current needs. 

Location 
 Owned or Leased 
 User 
 Size (Sq. Ft.) 
 
 Puerto Rico 
 Leased (1) 
 AW Solutions Puerto Rico, LLC 
 1,575 
 
 Miami, FL 
 Leased (2) 
 Tropical Communications, Inc. 
 3,400 

(1) 
 This facility is leased
 on a month-to-month basis and provides for monthly payments of 1,500. 

(2) 
 This facility is leased
 on a month-to-month basis and provides for monthly base rental payments of 3,792. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may
become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject
to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We
are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. 

On December 16, 2021, a former
employee filed a lawsuit against us and our Chief Executive Officer for unpaid commissions. The claim is for 100,000. On March 7, 2022,
we filed a response and counterclaim against the former employee. We settled the lawsuit for 39,000 during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

22 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Common Stock 

Our common stock is currently
available for quotation on the OTC QB market under the symbol HWNI . 

On April 10, 2023, the closing
sale price of our common stock, as reported by OTC Markets, was 0.11 per share. On April 10, 2023, there were 94 holders of record of
our common stock and 227,783,332 common shares outstanding. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions
on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 

Dividends 

We have never paid or declared
any dividend on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

Information regarding our
equity compensation plans is set forth in Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

In the fourth quarter of
2022, we issued securities in the following transactions, each of which was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act. Except for the shares of our common stock that were issued upon the conversion of our convertible debt securities, the grants of
shares of common stock under our 2012 Performance Incentive Plan, and the shares of common stock issued pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement discussed in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this report in Item 8, Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data, all of the below-referenced securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration under Section 4(2)
of the Securities Act and are deemed to be restricted securities for purposes of the Securities Act. There were no underwriters or placement
agents employed in connection with any of these transactions. Use of the exemption provided in Section 4(2) for transactions not involving
a public offering is based on the following facts: 

Neither we nor any person
 acting on our behalf solicited any offer to buy or sell securities by any form of general solicitation or advertising. 

The recipients were either
 accredited or otherwise sophisticated individuals who had such knowledge and experience in business matters that they were capable
 of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in our securities. 

The recipients had access
 to business and financial information concerning our company. 

All securities issued were
 issued with a restrictive legend and may only be disposed of pursuant to an effective registration or exemption from registration
 in compliance with federal and state securities laws. 

The shares of our common
stock that were issued upon the conversion of our convertible debt securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration
under Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and are deemed to be restricted securities for purposes of the Securities Act. 

23 

On October 11, 2022, we issued
1,179,245 shares of our common stock to FJ Vulis and Associates, LLC upon the conversion of 25 shares of Series D preferred stock with
a stated value of 10,000 per share. 

On November 11, 2022, we
issued 2,000,000 shares of our common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of 60,000 of principal and 40,000 of accrued
interest pursuant to a convertible debenture. 

On November 17, 2022, we
issued an aggregate of 80,000,000 shares of our common stock to Investors in exchange for aggregate cash proceeds of 5,950,000 pursuant
to a Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company deposited an additional 800,000 shares into escrow. 

On December 5, 2022, we issued
1,666,667 shares of our common stock to Keith Hayter upon the conversion of 100,000 of principal pursuant to a convertible loan payable
to a related party. 

On December 5, 2022, we issued
5,658,250 shares of our common stock to a holder upon the conversion of 124.4815 shares of Series E preferred stock with a stated value
of 10,000 per share. 

On December 15, 2022, we
issued an aggregate of 2,666,667 shares of our common stock to Investors in exchange for aggregate cash proceeds of 200,000 pursuant
to a Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company deposited an additional 266,667 shares into escrow. 

On December 30, 2022, we
issued an aggregate of 666,667 shares of our common stock to Investors in exchange for aggregate cash proceeds of 50,000 pursuant to
a Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company deposited an additional 66,667 shares into escrow. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect
Management s current views with respect to future events and financial performance. You can identify these statements by forward-looking
words such as may will, expect, anticipate, believe, estimate 
and continue, or similar words. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations
of us and members of its management team as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based. Prospective investors are cautioned
that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties, and that actual
results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. 

Readers are urged to carefully
review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Important factors known to us could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. We
undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated
events or changes in the future operating results over time. We believe that its assumptions are based upon reasonable data derived from
and known about our business and operations and the business and operations of our company. No assurances are made that actual results
of operations or the results of our future activities will not differ materially from its assumptions. Factors that could cause differences
include, but are not limited to, expected market demand for our services, fluctuations in pricing for materials, and competition. 

24 

Basis of Presentation 

Our
consolidated financial statements are stated in United States dollars ) and are prepared in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related
notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans,
estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that
could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report. 

Unless
otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars. All references to refer to United States
dollars and all references to common stock refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 

Unless
specifically set forth to the contrary, when used in this report the terms we , our , the Company 
and similar terms refer to High Wire Networks, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

The
information that appears on our website at www.HighWireNetworks.com is not part of this report. 

Description of Business 

Business Overview 

HWN, Inc., (d/b/a High Wire
Network Solutions, Inc.) HWN was incorporated in Delaware on January 20, 2017. HWN is a global provider of managed cybersecurity,
managed networks, and tech enabled professional services delivered exclusively through a channel sales model. Our Overwatch managed security
platform-as-a-service offers organizations end-to-end protection for networks, data, endpoints and users via multiyear recurring revenue
contracts in this fast-growing technology segment. HWN has continuously operated under the High Wire Networks brand for 23 years. 

HWN and JTM Electrical Contractors,
Inc. JTM ), an Illinois Corporation, entered into an operating agreement through which High Wire owned 50 of JTM. On February
15, 2022, HWN sold its 50 interest in JTM. 

On June 16, 2021, we completed
a merger with Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc. On January 7, 2022, Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc. legally changed its name to High Wire
Networks, Inc. High Wire ). The merger was accounted for as a reverse merger. At the time of the reverse merger, High Wire s
subsidiaries included ADEX Corporation, ADEX Puerto Rico LLC, ADEX Canada, ADEX Towers, Inc. and ADEX Telecom, Inc. (collectively ADEX 
or the ADEX Entities ), AW Solutions Puerto Rico, LLC AWS PR ), and Tropical Communications, Inc. Tropical ).
For accounting purposes, HWN is the surviving entity. On March 6, 2023, HWN divested the ADEX Entities. 

On November 4, 2021, we closed
on the acquisition of Secure Voice Corp SVC ). The closing of the acquisition was facilitated by a senior secured promissory
note which has been repaid. 

Our AWS PR and Tropical subsidiaries
are professional services organizations that deliver services for Enterprise clients as well as wireline and wireless carriers. These
subsidiaries are operated as part of our Technology segment. Our SVC subsidiary is a wholesale network services provider with network
footprint in the Northeast United States. This network carries VoIP and other traffic for other service providers. 

We
provide the following categories of offerings to our customers: 

Security : High Wire s award-winning Overwatch Managed Security offers organizations end-to-end protection for networks, data, endpoints, and users via multiyear recurring revenue contracts in this fast-growing technology segment. This segment is nearly 100 recurring revenue with multi-year contracts. Overwatch delivers services through Managed Service Providers (MSPs), strategic partnerships and alliances, Value Added Resellers (VARs), Distributors, and Network Service Providers. 

25 

Technology
 Solutions : We provide technology enabled professional and managed services for a wide array of clients exclusively through our
 channel partner relationships with the largest technology companies in the world. We deliver in the Enterprise, Wireline
 Carrier, Wireless Carrier, Network Backbone Carriers, State and Local Government, Federal Government, and Data Center market
 segments. We deliver services for most of the Fortune 500 alongside our channel partners. We deliver a wide array of
 services across a wide variety of technologies that include Wi-Fi, networking, SD-WAN, Distributed Antenna Systems, Wireless Carrier
 Networking, Fiber Backhaul, and many more. We provide planning, installation, project management, and ongoing support for break/fix
 services. We operate 24/7/365 around the world. We leverage our own technology platform, Workview, to deliver
 these services cost effectively and in a highly efficient and scalable manner. 

Our
Technology Solutions division is supported by our subsidiaries: HWN, Inc.; AW Solutions Puerto Rico, LLC and Tropical Communications,
Inc. (collectively known as AWS or the AWS Entities and SVC. 

Our Operating Units 

Our
company is comprised of the following: 

Managed Services: The Managed Services Segment encompasses all of our recurring revenue businesses including our Overwatch Managed Security, all network managed services, all managed services performed under a Statement of Work (SoW), and our SVC revenue. 

Technology Solutions: The Technology Solutions group is all service and project revenue generally globally by HWN, Tropical, and AWS PR. These business perform professional services for the Enterprise, SMB, Data Center, Carrier Wireline, Carrier Wireless, and Network Service Provider markets. 

Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 

The
extent to which the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak and measures taken in response thereto impact our business, results
of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

Global
health concerns relating to the COVID-19 outbreak have been weighing on the macroeconomic environment, and the outbreak has significantly
increased economic uncertainty. Risks related to consumers and businesses lowering or changing spending, which impact domestic and international
spend. The outbreak has resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions,
quarantines, shelter in place orders, and business shutdowns. These measures have not only negatively impacted consumer spending and
business spending habits, they have also adversely impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations and the operations of
its customers, suppliers and business partners. These measures may remain in place for a significant period of time and they are likely
to continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

26 

The
spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our company s business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations,
and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by
government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers and business partners. There is no
certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus or otherwise be satisfactory to government authorities. 

The extent to which the COVID-19
outbreak impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions to contain
the virus or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Even after the
COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of its global economic
impact, including any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. 

There are no comparable recent
events which may provide guidance as to the effect of the spread of COVID-19 and a global pandemic, and, as a result, the ultimate impact
of the COVID-19 outbreak or a similar health epidemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. We do not yet know the full extent of
the impacts on our business, our operations or the global economy as a whole. However, the effects could have a material impact on our
results of operations, and we will continue to monitor the COVID-19 situation closely. As of November 2021, multiple variants of the
COVID-19 virus are circulating globally that are highly transmissible, and there is uncertainty around vaccine effectiveness on the new
strains of the virus. Uncertainty around vaccine distribution, supply and effectiveness will impact when the negative economic effects
as a result of COVID-19 will abate or end and the timing of such recovery may affect our financial condition. 

Factors Affecting Our Performance 

Changes in Demand for Data Capacity and Reliability. 

The telecommunications industry
has undergone and continues to undergo significant changes due to advances in technology, increased competition as telephone and cable
companies converge, the growing consumer demand for enhanced and bundled services and increased governmental broadband stimulus funding.
As a result of these factors, the networks of our customers increasingly face demands for more capacity and greater reliability. Telecommunications
providers continue to outsource a significant portion of their engineering, construction and maintenance requirements in order to reduce
their investment in capital equipment, provide flexibility in workforce sizing, expand product offerings without large increases in incremental
hiring and focus on those competencies they consider core to their business success. These factors drive customer demand for our services. 

The proliferation of smart
phones and other wireless data devices has driven demand for mobile broadband. This demand and other advances in technology have prompted
wireless carriers to upgrade their networks. Wireless carriers are actively increasing spending on their networks to respond to the explosion
in wireless data traffic, upgrade network technologies to improve performance and efficiency and consolidate disparate technology platforms.
These customer initiatives present long-term opportunities for us for the wireless services we provide. Further, the demand for mobile
broadband has increased bandwidth requirements on the wired networks of our customers. As the demand for mobile broadband grows, the
amount of cellular traffic that must be backhauled over customers fiber and coaxial networks increases and, as a
result, carriers are accelerating the deployment of fiber optic cables to cellular sites. These trends are increasing the demand for
the types of services we provide. 

27 

Our Ability to Recruit, Manage and Retain
High-Quality IT and Telecommunications Personnel. 

The shortage of skilled labor
in the telecommunications industry and the difficulties in recruiting and retaining skilled personnel can frequently limit the ability
of specialty contractors to bid for and complete certain contracts. We believe our access to a skilled labor pool gives us a competitive
edge over our competitors as we continue to expand. 

Our Ability to Expand Internationally 

We believe international
expansion represents a compelling opportunity for additional growth over the long-term because of the worldwide need for telecommunications
infrastructure. We plan to expand our global presence either by expanding our current operations or by acquiring subsidiaries with international
platforms. 

Our Ability to Expand and Diversify Our Customer
Base. 

Our customers for specialty
contracting services consist of leading telephone, wireless, cable television, utility and other companies. Historically, our revenue
has been significantly concentrated in a small number of customers. Although we still operate at a net loss, we have acquired additional
subsidiaries and diversified our customer base and revenue streams. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our historical consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires
management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported therein and accompanying notes. On an ongoing basis,
we evaluate these estimates and assumptions, including those related to recognition of revenue for costs, the fair value of reporting
units for goodwill impairment analysis, the assessment of impairment of intangibles and other long-lived assets, income taxes, asset
lives used in computing depreciation and amortization, allowance for doubtful accounts, stock-based compensation expense, contingent
consideration and accruals for contingencies, including legal matters. These estimates and assumptions require the use of judgment as
to the likelihood of various future outcomes and as a result, actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 

We have identified the accounting
policies below as critical to the accounting for our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations because they
involve making significant judgments and estimates that are used in the preparation of our historical consolidated financial statements.
The impact of these policies affects our reported and expected financial results and are discussed in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We have discussed the development, selection and application
of our critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of our board of directors, and the Audit Committee has reviewed the disclosure
relating to our critical accounting policies in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations. 

Other significant accounting
policies, primarily those with lower levels of uncertainty than those discussed below, are also important to understanding our historical
consolidated financial statements. The notes to our consolidated financial statements in this report contain additional information related
to our accounting policies, including the critical accounting policies described herein, and should be read in conjunction with this
discussion. 

Our consolidated financial
statements are impacted by the accounting policies used and the estimates and assumptions made by management during their preparation.
A complete summary of these policies is included in Note 2 of the notes to our financial statements. We have identified below the accounting
policies that are of particular importance in the presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows, and which
require the application of significant judgment by management. 

28 

Revenue Recognition 

Adoption of New Accounting Guidance on Revenue
Recognition 

We recognize revenue based
on the five criteria for revenue recognition established under Topic 606: 1) identify the contract, 2) identify separate performance
obligations, 3) determine the transaction price, 4) allocate the transaction price among the performance obligations, and 5) recognize
revenue as the performance obligations are satisfied. 

Contract Types 

Our contracts fall under
two main types: 1) fixed-price and 2) time-and-materials. Fixed-price contracts are based on purchase order line items that are billed
on individual invoices as the project progresses and milestones are reached. Time-and-materials contracts include employees working permanently
at customer locations and materials costs incurred by those employees. 

A significant portion of
our revenues come from customers with whom we have a master service agreement MSA ). These MSA s generally contain
customer specific service requirements. 

Performance Obligations 

A performance obligation
is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is the unit of account in the new revenue standard.
The contract transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance
obligation is satisfied. For our different revenue service types the performance obligation is satisfied at different times. For professional
services revenue, the performance obligation is met when the work is performed. In certain cases this may be each day, or each week depending
on the customer. For construction services, the performance obligation is met when the work is completed and the customer has approved
the work. 

Revenue Service Types 

The following is a description
of our revenue service types, which include professional services and construction: 

Professional
services are services provided to the clients where we deliver distinct contractual deliverables and/or services. Deliverables may include
but are not limited to: engineering drawings, designs, reports and specification. Services may include, but are not limited to: consulting
or professional staffing to support our client s objectives. Consulting or professional staffing services may be provided remotely
or on client premises and under their direction and supervision. 

Construction
Services are services provided to the client where we may self-perform or subcontract services that require the physical construction
of infrastructure or installation of equipment and materials. 

Disaggregation of Revenues 

We disaggregate our revenue
from contracts with customers by contract type. We also disaggregate our revenue by operating segment and geographic location. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable include
amounts from work completed in which we have billed. The amounts due are stated at their net estimated realizable value. We maintain
an allowance for doubtful accounts to provide for the estimated amount of receivables that will not be collected. The allowance is based
upon an assessment of customer creditworthiness, historical payment experience, the age of outstanding receivables and collateral to
the extent applicable. 

29 

Contract Assets and Liabilities 

Contract assets include costs
and services incurred on contracts with open performance obligations. These amounts are included in contract assets on the consolidated
balance sheets. 

Contract liabilities include
payment received for incomplete performance obligations and are included in contract liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Fair Value Measurements 

We measure and discloses
the estimated fair value of financial assets and liabilities using the fair value hierarchy prescribed by US generally accepted accounting
principles. The fair value hierarchy has three levels, which are based on reliable available inputs of observable data. The hierarchy
requires the use of observable market data when available. The three-level hierarchy is defined as follows: 

Level 1 quoted
prices for identical instruments in active markets; 

Level 2 quoted
prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active;
and model derived valuations in which significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets; and 

Level 3 fair
value measurements derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 

Financial instruments consist
principally of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, restricted cash, accounts payable, loans payable and convertible debentures.
Derivative liabilities are determined based on Level 3 inputs, which are significant and unobservable and have the lowest
priority. The recorded values of all other financial instruments approximate their current fair values because of their nature and respective
relatively short maturity dates or durations. 

Fair value estimates are
made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial statement. These estimates
are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision.
Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

Derivative Liabilities 

We account for derivative
instruments in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging and all derivative instruments are reflected
as either assets or liabilities at fair value in the balance sheet. We use estimates of fair value to value our derivative instruments.
Fair value is defined as the price to sell an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between willing and able market
participants. In general, our policy in estimating fair values is to first look at observable market prices for identical assets and
liabilities in active markets, where available. When these are not available, other inputs are used to model fair value such as prices
of similar instruments, yield curves, volatilities, prepayment speeds, default rates and credit spreads, relying first on observable
data from active markets. Depending on the availability of observable inputs and prices, different valuation models could produce materially
different fair value estimates. The values presented may not represent future fair values and may not be realizable. We categorizes our
fair value estimates in accordance with ASC 820 based on the hierarchical framework associated with the three levels of price transparency
utilized in measuring financial instruments at fair value as discussed above. 

30 

Goodwill 

We test our goodwill for
impairment at least annually on December 31st and whenever events or circumstances change that indicate impairment may have occurred.
A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include,
among others: a significant decline in our expected future cash flows; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business
climate; unanticipated competition; and slower growth rates. Any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the
recoverability of goodwill and our consolidated financial results. 

We test goodwill by estimating
fair value using a Discounted Cash Flow DCF model. The key assumptions used in the DCF model to determine the highest
and best use of estimated future cash flows include revenue growth rates and profit margins based on internal forecasts, terminal value
and an estimate of a market participant s weighted-average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows to their present value.
There were no impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we identified indicators of potential
impairment. As a result, a goodwill impairment charge of 11,826,894 was recorded to the consolidated statement of operations for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

Intangible Assets 

At December 31, 2022 and
2021, definite-lived intangible assets consist of tradenames and customer relationships which are being amortized over their estimated
useful lives of 10 years. 

We periodically evaluate
the reasonableness of the useful lives of these assets. Once these assets are fully amortized, they are removed from the accounts. These
assets are reviewed for impairment or obsolescence when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not
be recoverable. If impaired, intangible assets are written down to fair value based on discounted cash flows or other valuation techniques.
We have no intangibles with indefinite lives. 

For long-lived assets, impairment
losses are only recorded if the asset s carrying amount is not recoverable through its undiscounted, probability-weighted future
cash flows. We measure the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and the estimated fair value. When an
impairment exists, the related assets are written down to fair value. There were no impairment charges during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

Long-lived Assets 

In accordance with ASC 360,
 Property, Plant and Equipment , we test long-lived assets or asset groups for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances
indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. Circumstances which could trigger a review include, but are not limited to:
significant decreases in the market price of the asset; significant adverse changes in the business climate or legal factors; accumulation
of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of the asset; current period cash
flow or operating losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the use of the asset; and
current expectation that the asset will more likely than not be sold or disposed significantly before the end of its estimated useful
life. Recoverability is assessed based on the carrying amount of the asset and its fair value, which is generally determined based on
the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and the eventual disposal of the asset, as well as specific appraisal
in certain instances. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. There were
no impairment charges recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We regularly evaluate estimates and assumptions
related to allowance for doubtful accounts, the estimated useful lives and recoverability of long-lived assets, equity component of convertible
debt, stock-based compensation, and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. We base our estimates and assumptions on current
facts, historical experience and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are
not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by our company may differ materially and adversely from our estimates.
To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will be affected. 

31 

Going Concern Assessment 

Management assesses going
concern uncertainty in our consolidated financial statements to determine whether there is sufficient cash on hand and working capital,
including available borrowings on loans, to operate for a period of at least one year from the date of the consolidated financial statements
are issued or available to be issued, which is referred to as the look-forward period , as defined in GAAP. As part of this
assessment, based on conditions that are known and reasonably knowable to management, management will consider various scenarios, forecasts,
projections, estimates and will make certain key assumptions, including the timing and nature of projected cash expenditures or programs,
its ability to delay or curtail expenditures or programs and its ability to raise additional capital, if necessary, among other factors.
Based on this assessment, as necessary or applicable, management makes certain assumptions around implementing curtailments or delays
in the nature and timing of programs and expenditures to the extent it deems probable those implementations can be achieved and management
has the proper authority to execute them within the look-forward period. 

We generated losses in 2022
and 2021, and High Wire has generated losses since its inception and has relied on cash on hand, sales of securities, external bank lines
of credit, and issuance of third-party and related party debt to support cash flow from operations. As of and for the year ended December
31, 2022, we had an operating loss of 23,661,958, cash flows used in operations of 1,941,141, and a working capital deficit of
 10,889,962. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from
the issuance of Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The impact of COVID-19 on
our business has been considered in these assumptions; however, it is too early to know the full impact of COVID-19 or its timing on a
return to more normal operations. Further, the recently enacted CARES Act provides for economic assistance loans through the SBA. As of
December 31, 2022, ADEX had 10,000 of PPP loans outstanding from the SBA under the CARES Act (in connection with the divestiture of the
ADEX Entities, the buyer assumed this note). The PPP provides that the PPP loans may be partially or wholly forgiven if the funds are
used for certain qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. ADEX used the proceeds from the PPP loans for qualifying expenses
and is applying for forgiveness of the PPP loans in accordance with the terms of the CARES Act. 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis under which we are expected to be able to realize its assets and satisfy
its liabilities in the normal course of business. 

Management believes that
based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable (including the cash proceeds from the Securities Purchase
Agreement discussed in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this report in Item 8, Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data), our forecasts of operations for one year from the date of the filing of the consolidated financial statements in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K indicate improved operations and our company s ability to continue operations as a going concern. We
have contingency plans to reduce or defer expenses and cash outlays should operations not improve in the look forward period. The continuation
of our company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from our shareholders, the ability of management
to raise additional equity capital through private and public offerings of our common stock, and the attainment of profitable operations.
These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts
and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Management requires additional
funds over the next twelve months to fully implement our business plan. Management is currently seeking additional financing through
the sale of equity and from borrowings from private lenders to cover our operating expenditures. There can be no certainty that these
sources will provide the additional funds required for the next twelve months. 

32 

Results of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to
Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The following summary of
our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Our operating results for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized as follows: 

For the years ended 

December 31, 
 
 Statement of Operations Data: 
 2022 
 2021 

Revenues 
 55,049,441 
 27,206,689 
 
 Operating expenses 
 78,711,399 
 30,881,118 
 
 Loss from operation 
 (23,661,958 
 (3,674,429 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 3,835,484 
 (10,003,201 
 
 Net income from discontinued operations, net of taxes 
 662,899 
 675,355 
 
 Net income from discontinued operations attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 128,487 
 (337,677 
 
 Deemed divided - Series D preferred stock modification 
 - 
 (5,852,000 
 
 Net loss attributable to common shareholders 
 (19,035,088 
 (19,191,952 
 
 Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 (0.28 
 (1.00 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 68,713,880 
 19,146,572 

Revenues 

Our revenue increased from
 27,206,689 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 55,049,441 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase is primarily related
to increased sales for our former ADEX subsidiary and HWN, which totaled 27,449,838 and 17,720,465, respectively, for the year ended
December 31, 2022, an increase of 16,126,544 and 4,728,940, respectively, from a total of 11,323,294 and 12,991,524, respectively
for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the addition of SVC, which accounted for 6,299,332 in revenue for the year ended December 31,
2022. SVC was acquired after the third quarter of 2021. 

As discussed above, we divested our ADEX Entities
during March 2023. The divestiture will result in lower consolidated revenue for 2023 along with decreases in certain operating expenses. 

A
significant portion of our services are performed under master service agreements and other arrangements with customers that extend for
periods of one or more years. We are currently party to numerous master service agreements, and typically have multiple agreements with
each of our customers. Master Service Agreements (MSAs) generally contain customer-specified service requirements, such as discreet pricing
for individual tasks. To the extent that such contracts specify exclusivity, there are often a number of exceptions, including the ability
of the customer to issue work orders valued above a specified dollar amount to other service providers, perform work with the customer s
own employees and use other service providers when jointly placing facilities with another utility. In most cases, a customer may terminate
an agreement for convenience with written notice. The remainder of our services are provided pursuant to contracts for specific projects.
Long-term contracts relate to specific projects with terms in excess of one year from the contract date. Short-term contracts for specific
projects are generally three to four months in duration. The percentage of revenue from long-term contracts varies between periods depending
on the mix of work performed under our contracts. 

Operating Expenses 

Cost of revenues includes
all direct costs of providing services under our contracts, including costs for direct labor provided by employees, services by independent
subcontractors, operation of capital equipment (excluding depreciation and amortization), direct materials, insurance claims and other
direct costs. 

For a majority of the contract
services we perform, our customers provide all required materials while we provide the necessary personnel, tools and equipment. Materials
supplied by our customers, for which the customer retains financial and performance risk, are not included in our revenue or costs of
revenues. 

33 

General and administrative
costs include all of our corporate costs, as well as costs of our subsidiaries management personnel and administrative overhead.
These costs primarily consist of employee compensation and related expenses, including legal, consulting, and professional fees, information
technology and development costs, provision for or recoveries of bad debt expense and other costs that are not directly related to performance
of our services under customer contracts. Information technology and development costs included in general and administrative expenses
are primarily incurred to support and to enhance our operating efficiency. We expect these expenses to continue to generally increase
as we expand our operations but expect that such expenses as a percentage of revenues will decrease if we succeed in increasing revenues. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, our operating expenses were 78,711,399, compared to operating expenses of 30,881,118 for the same period of 2021. The increase
of 47,830,281 is primarily related to a 22,480,488 increase in cost of revenues as a result of the increase in revenue discussed above
and a goodwill impairment charge of 11,826,894 during the year ended December 31, 2022, combined with increases of 8,458,765 and 4,236,730,
respectively, in salaries and wages and general and administrative expenses. 

Other Expense 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we had other income of 3,835,484, compared to other expense of 10,003,201 for the same period of 2021. The change of 13,838,685
is primarily related to a gain on change in fair value of derivatives and gain on PPP loan forgiveness of 6,445,531 and 2,000,000, respectively,
during the year ended December 31, 2022. These gains were partially offset by amortization of discounts on convertible debentures and
loans payable, interest expense, and initial derivative expense of debt of 3,196,589, 1,344,572, and 1,289,625, respectively, during
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net Loss 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred a net loss attributable to High Wire Networks, Inc. common shareholders of 19,035,088,
compared to a net loss attributable to High Wire Networks, Inc. common shareholders of 19,191,952 for the same period in 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, our total current assets were 10,669,831 and our total current liabilities were 21,559,793, resulting in a working
capital deficit of 10,889,962, compared to a working capital deficit of 20,788,076 as of December 31, 2021. 

We
suffered recurring losses from operations. The continuation of our company is dependent upon our company attaining and maintaining profitable
operations and raising additional capital as needed. In this regard, we have historically raised additional capital through equity offerings
and loan transactions. 

34 

Cash Flows 

For the years ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,941,141 
 (4,207,759 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 70,299 
 (593,347 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 2,249,016 
 5,124,824 
 
 Change in cash 
 378,174 
 323,718 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash increased 378,174, compared to an increase in cash of 323,718 for the same period of 2021. The
primary cash inflows during the year ended December 31, 2022 were 6,200,000 of proceeds from a Securities Purchase Agreement. The net
loss of 19,826,474 was partially offset by a net cash inflow from changes in operating assets and liabilities of 3,543,460. 

In order to improve our liquidity,
we intend to pursue additional equity financing from private placement sales of our equity securities or shareholders loans. Issuances
of additional shares will result in dilution to our existing shareholders. There is no assurance that we will be successful in completing
any further private placement financings. If we are unable to achieve the necessary additional financing, then we plan to reduce the
amounts that we spend on our business activities and administrative expenses in order to preserve our liquidity. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 886,369 compared to 508,395 as of December 31, 2021. 

Indebtedness 

As of December 31, 2022,
the outstanding balances of loans payable to related parties, loans payable, convertible debentures, and factor financing were 209,031,
 2,272,309, 3,223,894, and 3,689,593, respectively. The loans payable amount is net of debt discounts of 658,838. 

The total outstanding principal
balance per the loan agreements and factor financing due to our debt holders was 10,053,665 at December 31, 2022. We are currently in
discussions with certain of our creditors to restructure some of these loan agreements to reduce the principal balance and extend maturity
dates. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in reducing the principal balance or extending the maturity dates
of any of our outstanding notes. 

Loans Payable to Related Parties 

At December 31, 2022 and
2021, we had outstanding the following loans payable to related parties: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Convertible promissory note issued to Keith Hayter, 10 interest, unsecured, matures March 31, 2023, debt premium of 0 and 988,917, respectively 
 109,031 
 1,342,949 
 
 Promissory note issued to Mark Porter, 9 interest, unsecured, matured December 15, 2021, due on demand 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 
 Total 
 209,031 
 1,442,949 

Additional information on
our loans payable to related parties is set forth in our consolidated financial statements included in this report in Item 8, Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data. 

35 

Loans Payable 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, loans payable consisted of the following: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Promissory note issued to Cornerstone National Bank Trust, 4.5 interest, unsecured, matures on October 9, 2024 
 245,765 
 304,187 
 
 Future receivables financing agreement with Cedar Advance LLC, non-interest bearing, matures August 17, 2023, net of debt discount of 329,419 
 825,656 
 - 
 
 Future receivables financing agreement with Pawn Funding, non-interest bearing, matures August 17, 2023, net of debt discount of 329,419 
 825,656 
 - 
 
 EIDL Loan, 3.75 interest, matures October 12, 2050 
 147,832 
 149,284 
 
 CARES Act Loans 
 10,000 
 2,010,000 
 
 Promissory note issued to InterCloud Systems, Inc., non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on demand 
 217,400 
 217,400 
 
 Promissory note issued to Dominion Capital, LLC, 10 interest, unsecured, matures on September 30, 2022 
 - 
 1,552,500 
 
 Future receivables financing agreement with Cedar Advance LLC, non-interest bearing, matures August 31, 2022, net of debt discount of 191,371 
 - 
 754,575 
 
 Future receivables financing agreement with Pawn Funding, non-interest bearing, matures August 31, 2022, net of debt discount of 47,843 
 - 
 188,644 
 
 Total 
 2,272,309 
 5,176,590 

Less: Current portion of loans payable, net of debt discount 
 (1,934,694 
 (2,773,621 

Loans payable, net of current portion 
 337,615 
 2,402,969 

Additional information on
our loans payable is set forth in our consolidated financial statements included in this report in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Convertible Debentures 

At December 31, 2022 and
2021, we had outstanding the following convertible debentures: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Convertible promissory note, Jeffrey Gardner, 6 interest, unsecured, matured September 15, 2021, due on demand 
 125,000 
 125,000 
 
 Convertible promissory note, James Marsh, 6 interest, unsecured, matured September 15, 2021, due on demand 
 125,000 
 125,000 
 
 Convertible promissory note issued to Roger Ponder, 10 interest, unsecured, matures March 31, 2023, debt premium of 0 and 42,435, respectively 
 23,894 
 66,329 
 
 Convertible promissory note issued to the Mark Munro 1996 Charitable Remainder UniTrust, 9 interest, unsecured, due April 30, 2024 
 2,450,000 
 2,750,000 
 
 Convertible promissory note, FJ Vulis and Associates LLC, 12 interest, secured, matures May 11, 2023 
 500,000 
 - 
 
 Convertible promissory note, Cobra Equities SPV, LLC, 18 interest, unsecured, matured June 1, 2019 
 - 
 200,000 
 
 Convertible promissory note, Cobra Equities SPV, LLC, Tranche 1, 9 interest, secured, matures January 1, 2023, net of debt discount of 0 and 117,556, respectively 
 - 
 171,918 
 
 Convertible promissory note, Cobra Equities SPV, LLC, Tranche 2, 9 interest, secured, matures January 1, 2023, net of debt discount of 0 and 148,173, respectively 
 - 
 203,932 
 
 Convertible promissory note, Dominion Capital, LLC, 9.9 interest, senior secured, matures December 29, 2023, net of debt discount of 0 and 2,223,975, respectively 
 - 
 276,025 
 
 Convertible promissory note, Cobra Equities SPV, LLC, 9.9 interest, senior secured, matures December 29, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible promissory note, Cobra Equities SPV, LLC, 10 interest, secured, due on demand 
 - 
 125,680 
 
 Convertible promissory note, Cobra Equities SPV, LLC, 12 interest, secured, due on demand 
 - 
 89,047 
 
 Total 
 3,223,894 
 4,132,931 

Less: Current portion of convertible debentures, net of debt discount/premium 
 (1,598,894 
 (3,924,557 

Convertible debentures, net of current portion, net of debt discount 
 1,625,000 
 208,374 

Additional information on
our convertible debentures is set forth in our consolidated financial statements included in this report in Item 8, Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data. 

36 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no significant off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to our
stockholders. 

Inflation 

The effect of inflation on
our revenue and operating results has not been significant. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not required under Regulation
S-K for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

The financial statements
required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this report. An index of those financial statements is found in Item 15. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. 

Our management, with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule
13a-15 under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls
and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.
In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management
is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Based on management s
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer concluded that, as a result of the material weaknesses described below, as of December 31, 2022,
our disclosure controls and procedures are not designed at a reasonable assurance level and are not effective to provide reasonable assurance
that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The material
weaknesses, which relate to internal control over financial reporting, that were identified are: 

a) Due
to our small size, we do not have a proper segregation of duties in certain areas of our financial reporting process. The areas where
we have a lack of segregation of duties include cash receipts and disbursements, approval of purchases and approval of accounts payable
invoices for payment. This control deficiency, which is pervasive in nature, results in a reasonable possibility that material misstatements
of the consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis; and 

b) the
lack of the quantity of resources to implement an appropriate level of review controls to properly evaluate the completeness and accuracy
of transactions entered into by our company. 

We are committed to improving
our financial organization. In addition, we will look to increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the
accounting function to resolve non-routine or complex accounting matters. 

37 

Management s report on internal control
over financial reporting. 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 for the reasons discussed above. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting. 

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTION 

None. 

38 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our bylaws state that the
authorized number of directors shall be not less than one and not more than fifteen and shall be set by resolution of the board of directors.
Our board of directors consists of three (3) members, all of whom are not considered independent directors, as defined
in applicable rules of the SEC and NASDAQ. Officers are appointed and serve at the discretion of our board of directors. There are no
family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Our current directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Age 
 
 Date First Elected or Appointed 
 
 Mark W. Porter 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 50 
 
 March 1, 2021 
 
 Daniel J. Sullivan 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 65 
 
 April 28, 2021 
 
 Stephen W. LaMarche 
 
 Chief Operating Officer Director 
 
 59 
 
 August 9, 2021 
 
 Peter H. Kruse 
 
 Director 
 
 59 
 
 September 27, 2021 

All directors serve for one
year and until their successors are elected and qualified. All officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. There are no
family relationships among any of our officers and directors. 

The following is information
about the experience and attributes of the members of our board of directors and senior executive officers as of the date of this report.
The experience and attributes of our directors discussed below provide the reasons that these individuals were selected for board membership,
as well as why they continue to serve in such positions. 

Mark W. Porter, Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Board 

Mr. Porter was appointed
our Chief Executive Officer on March 1, 2021. Since January 2001, Mr. Porter has been President and Chief Executive Officer of HWN, Inc. High Wire Networks ). With over two decades of technology industry experience, Mr. Porter is a channel veteran with extensive
experience in pioneering new and more innovative ways to deliver professional and managed services. 

Daniel J. Sullivan, Chief Financial Officer 

On April 28, 2021, the Board
appointed Daniel J. Sullivan to serve as our Chief Financial Officer. Since 2003, Mr. Sullivan had been the President of PCN Enterprises,
Inc., which provides accounting related consulting services to public companies. 

Stephen W. LaMarche, Director 

On August 9, 2021, Stephen
W. LaMarche was appointed to the Board of Directors. Since 2019, Mr. LaMarche has been providing consulting services to the managed technology
and professional services space where he has extensive experience leading sales marketing, product and service innovation, finance
and operational management. From 2016 to 2018, Mr. LaMarche served as Vice President of Product Management at TPx Communications. On
February 1, 2023, the Board appointed Stephen W. LaMarche to serve as our Chief Operating Officer. 

39 

Peter H. Kruse, Director 

On September 27, 2021, Peter
H. Kruse was appointed to the Board of Directors. Since 2016, Mr. Kruse has been President of P410 Group LLC, which provides coaching
to companies to implement a practical business operating system to align, simplify and focus entrepreneurial businesses to achieve strong
results. 

Family Relationships 

None. 

Board Independence and Committees 

We are not required to have
any independent members of the Board of Directors. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge,
with the exception of the lawsuit discussed in Item 3. Legal Proceedings, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the
past ten years: 

1. been
convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 

2. had
any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association
of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that
time; 

3. been
subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or
federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type
of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with
persons engaged in any such activity; 

4. been
found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. been
the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation
of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance
companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty
or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire
fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. been
the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
(as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of
the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

40 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a Code of Ethics
applicable to all of our directors, officers, employees and consultants, which is a code of ethics as defined by applicable
rules of the SEC. Our Code of Ethics was attached as an exhibit to our Registration Statement filed on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on
February 26, 2008. If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics other than technical, administrative, or other non-substantive amendments,
or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of our Code of Ethics to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, or certain other finance executives, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom
it applies in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 

We have adopted a Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors. We will provide a copy of our Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics, without charge, to any person desiring a copy, by written request to our company at 30 North Lincoln Street, Batavia,
Illinois 60510. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance
Reporting 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class
of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual
reports concerning their ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5, respectively. Executive
officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
reports they file. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table provides certain summary information concerning
compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer, the two highest paid executive officers and up to two other
highest paid individuals whose total annual salary and bonus exceeded 100,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal 
 Fiscal 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock 
Awards 
 Option 
Awards 
 Non-Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Compensation 
 Changes in Pension Value and Non-Qualified 
 Deferred 
Compensation 
Earnings 
 All Other 
Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Mark W. Porter 
 2022 
 289,231 

30,000 (a) 
 319,231 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 201,539 
 
 729,292 
 86,147 

27,000 (a) 
 1,043,978 

Daniel J. Sullivan 
 2022 
 200,000 

14,493 

214,493 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 205,000 

119,073 

324,073 

Stephen W. LaMarche 
 2022 

Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 

Roger M. Ponder 
 2022 

Former Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 36,923 

186,423 

223,346 

Keith W. Hayter 
 2022 

Former President 
 2021 
 34,615 

202,096 

236,711 

(a) This
amount represents a car allowance. 

41 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table shows the outstanding equity awards held by the
named executive officers and directors as of December 31, 2022. 

Equity compensation 
 plans not approved by 
 shareholders 
 Equity compensation 
 plans approved by 
 shareholders 

Number of 
 securities 
 
 Number of securities 
 Number of 
 securities 
 Number of 
 securities 

underlying 
 unexercised 
 underlying 
 unexercised 
 underlying 
 unexercised 
 underlying 
 unexercised 
 Option 

options 
exercisable 
 options 
exercisable 
 options 
exercisable 
 options 
exercisable 
 exercise 
price 
 Option 
expiration 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 (#) 
 (#) 
 (#) 
 (#) 
 ) 
 date 
 
 Current Officers: 

Mark W. Porter 

First Award 
 
 3,318,584 

0.2500 
 June 16, 2026 
 
 Second Award 

218,892 
 93,811 
 0.2545 
 August 18, 2026 

Daniel J. Sullivan 

First Award 
 
 77,587 

0.5800 
 February 21, 2026 
 
 Second Award 

129,666 
 302,554 
 0.2545 
 August 18, 2026 
 
 Third Award 

120,000 
 51,429 
 0.0875 
 September 28, 2027 

Stephen W. LaMarche 

First Award 

100,603 
 0.2485 
 August 11, 2026 
 
 Second Award 

285,714 
 0.0875 
 September 28, 2027 

Current Directors: 

Peter H. Kruse 

First Award 

96,712 
 0.2545 
 August 18, 2026 
 
 Second Award 

285,714 
 0.0875 
 September 28, 2027 

Former Officers: 

Roger M. Ponder 

323,863 
 0.5800 
 February 21, 2026 
 
 Keith W. Hayter 

482,393 
 0.5800 
 February 21, 2026 

Employment Contracts and Termination of Employment
and Change-In-Control Arrangements 

Mark W. Porter Employment Agreement 

On March 31, 2021, we entered
into an employment agreement (the Employment Agreement with Mark W. Porter, our Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which
Mr. Porter will serve as our Chief Executive Officer for an initial term of five (5) years with automatic two (2) year renewals unless
terminated by us or Mr. Porter. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Porter will receive an annual base salary of 375,000, plus
an annual cash bonus based on our achievement of certain performance targets made at the discretion of our Board of Directors. If all
performance targets are achieved, Mr. Porter s annual cash bonus shall not be less than five percent (5 of our EBITDA for the
applicable year. 

Board of Directors Compensation 

Directors who are employees
of our company or of any of our subsidiaries receive no additional compensation for serving on our Board of Directors or any of its committees.
All directors who are not employees of our company or of any of our subsidiaries are compensated at the rate of 25,000 per year in stock
compensation and are paid 1,500 for each board meeting attended and are reimbursed for their expenses incurred in attending Board and
committee meetings. 

Fiscal 

Fees 
earned 
or paid 
in cash 

Stock 
Awards 

Option 
Awards 

Non-Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Compensation 

Non-Qualified 
Deferred 
Compensation 
Earnings 

All Other 
Compensation 

Total 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Stephen W. LaMarche (1) 

2022 

25,000 

165,000 
 (a) 

190,000 

Director 

2021 

1,500 

25,871 

75,000 
 (a) 

102,371 

Peter H. Kruse (2) 

2022 

25,000 

15,000 
 (a) 

40,000 

Director 

2021 

25,997 

22,500 
 (a) 

48,497 

(1) 
 Stephen W. LaMarche was
 appointed as a Director on August 9,2021 

(2) 
 Peter J Kruse was appointed
 as a Director on September 27,2021 

(a) 
 Represents consulting fees. 

42 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth, as of April 10, 2023, the names, addresses
and number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by all persons known to us to be beneficial owners of more than 5 of the
outstanding shares of our common stock, and the names and number of shares beneficially owned by all of our directors and all of our executive
officers and directors as a group (except as indicated, each beneficial owner listed exercises sole voting power and sole dispositive
power over the shares beneficially owned). As of April 10, 2023, we had a total of 227,783,332 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Number of 
shares and 
 Percent of 

nature of 
 beneficial 
 common stock 
 
 Name of beneficial owner 
 ownership (1) 
 outstanding (2) 
 
 Mark W. Porter (3) 
 26,374,172 
 10.3 
 
 Daniel J. Sullivan (4) 
 713,227 

Peter H. Kruse (5) 
 382,426 

Stephen W. LaMarche (6) 
 386,317 

All directors and officers as a Group 
 27,856,142 
 10.8 

Shannon Kizer (7) 
 40,000,000 
 14.9 
 
 Aaron Kizer (8) 
 20,000,000 
 8.0 
 
 Jason Kizer (9) 
 20,000,000 
 8.0 
 
 William Kizer (10) 
 20,000,000 
 8.0 
 
 Herald Investment Management (11) 
 16,000,000 
 6.5 
 
 Mark Munro 1996 Charitable Remainder UniTrust (12) 
 13,448,227 
 5.5 
 
 GSD Capital Management LLC (13) 
 12,500,000 
 5.2 

Less than
 1 

(1) 
 A person is considered
 to beneficially own any shares: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises
 sole or shared voting or investment power, or (ii) of which such person has the right to
 acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days (such as through exercise of stock
 options or warrants). Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power relating to
 the shares shown in the table for our directors and executive officers is exercised solely
 by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner s spouse or children.

(2) 
 Shares
 of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of our convertible preferred stock are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing
 the percentage shown above. In addition, for purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial
 ownership of any shares of common stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after the date of this annual
 report. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock held by each person or group of persons
 named above, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days after the date of this annual report
 is deemed to be outstanding, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other
 person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 

(3) 
 Represents 21,818,182 shares
 issuable upon the conversion of Series D preferred stock and 4,525,990 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options. 

(4) 
 Represents 454,545 shares
 issuable upon the conversion of Series E preferred stock and 258,682 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options. 

(5) 
 Represents 382,426 shares
 issuable upon the exercise of stock options. 

(6) 
 Represents 386,317 shares
 issuable upon the exercise of stock options. 

(7) 
 Represents 40,000,000 shares
 held in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement. The address of Shannon Kizer is 8917 Country Road, Lubbock, TX 79407. 

(8) 
 Represents 20,000,000 shares
 held in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement. The address of Aaron Kizer is 6970 Filly Road, Wolfforth, TX 79382. 

(9) 
 Represents 20,000,000 shares
 held in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement. The address of Jason Kizer is 5623 State Highway 206, Pep, NM 88126. 

(10) 
 Represents 20,000,000 shares
 held in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement. The address of William Kizer is 1698 South Roosevelt Road, Portales, NM
 88130. 

(11) 
 Represents 16,000,000 shares
 held in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement. The address of Herald Investment Management is 0-11 Charterhouse Square,
 London EC1M 6EE. 

(12) 
 Represents 8,295,545 shares
 issuable upon the conversion of Series D preferred stock and 5,152,682 shares issuable upon the conversion of Series E preferred
 stock. The address of the Mark Munro 1996 Charitable Remainder UniTrust is 980 North Federal Highway, Suite 304, Boca Raton, FL 33432. 

(13) 
 Represents 12,500,000 shares
 issuable upon the exercise of share purchase warrants. The address of GSD Capital Management LLC is 365 Fifth Ave, Naples, FL 34102. 

From time to time, the number
of our shares held in the street name accounts of various securities dealers for the benefit of their clients or in centralized
securities depositories may exceed 5 of the total shares of our common stock outstanding. 

43 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Other than compensation arrangements
for our named executive officers and directors, we describe below each transaction or series of similar transactions, since January 1,
2021, to which we were a party or will be a party, in which: 

the
amounts involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000; or 

any
of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing
persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

See Executive Compensation 
for a description of certain arrangements with our executive officers and directors. 

Loans Payable to Related Parties 

Convertible promissory note, Keith Hayter,
10 interest, unsecured, matures August 31, 2022 

On June 15, 2021, in connection
with the reverse merger with HWN, HWN assumed High Wire s convertible promissory note issued to Keith Hayter. The note was originally
issued on August 31, 2020 in the principal amount of 554,031. Interest accrues at 10 per annum. All principal and accrued but unpaid
interest under the note is due on March 31, 2023. The note is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed
conversion price of 0.06 per share, subject to adjustment based on the terms of the note. The embedded conversion option does not qualify
for derivative accounting. 

On January 1, 2023, the note was exchanged by the holder for a new
unsecured promissory note with no conversion feature. 

Promissory note, Mark Porter, 9 interest,
unsecured, matures December 15, 2021 

On June 1, 2021, the Company
issued a 100,000 promissory note to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company in connection with the reverse merger between High Wire
and HWN. The note matured on December 15, 2021 and is due on demand, and bears interest at a rate of 9 per annum. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The aggregate fees billed
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual
financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally
provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

For the year ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Sadler, Gibb Associates, LLC 

Audit Fees 

95,000 

169,531 

Audit-Related Fees 

25,500 

89,000 

Tax Fees 

- 

- 

All Other Fees 

- 

- 

Total 

120,500 

258,531 

Our board of directors pre-approves
all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors
either before or after the respective services were rendered. 

Our board of directors has
considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities
unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. 

44 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Financial Statements. 

See the Index to Consolidated
Financial Statements on page F-1 below for the list of financial statements filed as part of this report. 

Financial Statement Schedules. 

All schedules have been omitted
because they are not required or because the required information is given in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto
set forth below beginning on page F-1. 

Exhibits. 

See the Exhibit Index immediately
following the signature page of this Report on Form 10-K. The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index below are filed or incorporated by
reference as part of this Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

45 

HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Number Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of High Wire Networks,
Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of High Wire Networks, Inc., formerly known as Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc. High Wire or "the Company")
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' (deficit) equity, and cash flows for
each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial
statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in
the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
incurred losses since inception, has negative cash flows from operations, and has negative working capital, which creates substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical
audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Long-Lived Asset Impairment Assessment 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company performs impairment testing for its long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that its
carrying amount may not be recoverable and exceeds its fair value. Due to challenging industry economic conditions, the Company tested
its long-lived assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. The first step of the long-lived asset impairment review is a recoverability
test based upon projected future undiscounted cash flows. 

How the Critical
Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

We identified the evaluation of the impairment analysis for long-lived
assets as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management used in the undiscounted cash flow analysis.
Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates and assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment
and an increased extent of effort. 

Our audit procedures related to the following: 

Testing
 management s process for developing the fair value estimate. 

Evaluating
 the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model used by management. 

Testing
 the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the fair value estimate. 

Evaluating
 the significant assumptions used by management related to revenues, gross margin, operating
 expenses, and long-term growth rate to discern whether they are reasonable considering (i)
 the current and past performance of the entity; (ii) the consistency with external market
 and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained
 in other areas of the audit. 

In addition, professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge were utilized by the Firm to assist in the evaluation of the undiscounted cash flow model. 

Goodwill Impairment Assessment 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company tests goodwill for impairment annually at the reporting unit level, or more frequently if events or circumstances
indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Reporting units are tested
for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of a reporting
unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recorded based on the difference between the fair value and carrying amount,
not to exceed the associated carrying amount of goodwill. The Company s annual impairment test occurred on December 31, 2022. The
Company utilized a third-party valuation specialist to assist in the preparation of the goodwill impairment test for this reporting unit.
The Company primarily used a discounted cash flow income method to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit. 

How the Critical
Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

We identified the evaluation of the impairment analysis for goodwill as a critical audit matter
because of the significant estimates and assumptions management used in the discounted cash flow analysis performed by management to determine
fair value of the reporting unit. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates and assumptions required
a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with
specialized skill and knowledge. 

Our audit procedures related to the following: 

Testing management s process for developing the fair value of the reporting unit. 

Evaluating
the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model utilized by the Company. 

Testing
the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the fair value estimate. 

Evaluating
the significant assumptions provided by management or developed by the third-party valuation specialist related to revenues, gross margin,
operating expenses, income taxes, long term growth rate, and discount rate to discern whether they are reasonable considering (i) the
current and past performance of the entity (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data and (iii) whether
these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

F- 3 

In
addition, professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were utilized by the Firm to assist in the evaluation of the discounted
cash flow model. 

Determination and Valuation of Derivative Liabilities 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described further in Note 10 of the financial
statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued convertible notes and warrants that required management to assess
whether the conversion features of the convertible notes required bifurcation and separate valuation as a derivative liability and whether
the warrants required accounting as derivative liabilities. The Company determined that the conversion features of certain of its convertible
notes and certain warrants issued in financing arrangements required to be accounted for as derivative liabilities due to: (1) certain
conversion features did not contain an explicit limit on the number of shares to be delivered in share settlement; and (2) the fact the
Company could not assert it had sufficient authorized but unissued shares available to settle certain instruments considering all other
stock-based commitments. The derivative liabilities were recorded at fair value when issued and subsequently re-measured to fair value
upon settlement or at the end of each reporting period. The Company utilized either Monte Carlo Simulation models or Black Scholes option
pricing models to determine the fair value of the derivative liabilities depending on the features embedded in the instruments. These
models use certain assumptions related to exercise price, term, expected volatility, and risk-free interest rate. 

We identified auditing the determination and valuation
of the derivative liabilities as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgements used by the Company in determining whether
the embedded conversion features and warrants required derivative accounting treatment and the significant judgements used in determining
the fair value of the derivative liabilities. Auditing the determination and valuation of the derivative liabilities involved a high degree
of auditor judgement, and specialized skills and knowledge were needed. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures included the following, among others: 

We
 inspected and reviewed debt agreements, warrant agreements, conversion notices, and settlement
 agreements to evaluate the Company's determination of whether derivative accounting was required,
 including assessing and evaluating management's application of relevant accounting standards
 to such transactions. 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness and appropriateness of the choice of valuation model used for
 each specific derivative instrument. 

We
 tested the reasonableness of the assumptions used by the Company in the Monte Carlo and Black
 Scholes models, including exercise price, term, expected volatility, and risk-free interest
 rate. 

We
 tested the accuracy and completeness of data used by the Company in developing the assumptions
 used in the valuation models. 

We
 developed an independent expectation for comparison to the Company's estimate, which included
 developing our own valuation model and assumptions. 

We
 evaluated the accuracy and completeness of the Company's presentation of these instruments
 in the financial statements and related disclosures in Note 10, including evaluating whether
 such disclosures were in accordance with relevant accounting standards. 

Professionals with
specialized skills and knowledge were utilized by the Firm to assist in the evaluation of the Company estimate of fair value and the
development of our own independent expectation. 

In addition, the audit effort involved the use
of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in the evaluations of the valuation methodologies deployed and the reasonableness
of the significant assumptions used. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 

April 17, 2023 

F- 4 

High Wire Networks, Inc. (fka Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc.) 
Consolidated balance sheets 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Current assets of discontinued operations 

- 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations 

- 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Loans payable to related parties, net of debt premium of and , respectively 

Current portion of loans payable, net of debt discount of and , respectively 

Current portion of convertible debentures, net of net debt discount/premium of and , respectively 

Factor financing 

Current portion of derivative liabilities 

Contingent consideration 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 

- 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Loans payable, net of current portion 

Convertible debentures, net of current portion, net of debt discount of and , respectively 

Derivative liabilities, net of current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

- 

Noncurrent liabilities of discontinued operations 

- 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) 

Series A preferred stock; par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series B preferred stock; stated value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

Series D preferred stock; stated value; shares authorized; and issued, and and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series E preferred stock; stated value; shares authorized; issued, and and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Total mezzanine equity 

Stockholders deficit: 

Common stock; and par value; shares authorized; and issued and and outstanding as of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total High Wire Networks, Inc. stockholders deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Noncontrolling interest 

- 

Total stockholders deficit 

() 

() 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 5 

High Wire Networks, Inc. (fka Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc.) 
Consolidated statements of operations 

For the years ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of revenues 

Depreciation and amortization 

Salaries and wages 

General and administrative 

Goodwill impairment charge 
 
 -

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (expenses) income: 

Interest expense 

Loss on settlement of debt 

Amortization of discounts on convertible debentures and loans payable 

Amortization of premiums on convertible debentures and loans payable to related parties 

Gain (loss) on change in fair value of derivatives 

Exchange loss 

Initial derivative expense 

Gain (loss) on settlement of warrants 

Management fee income 
 -

Gain on PPP loan forgiveness 

Other income 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Net loss from continuing operations 

Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Less: net loss (income) from discontinued operations attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss attributable to High Wire Networks, Inc. 

Less: deemed dividend - Series D preferred stock modification 
 -

Net loss attributable to High Wire Networks, Inc. common shareholders 

Loss per share attributable to High Wire Networks, Inc. common shareholders, basic and diluted: 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Net income from discontinued operations, net of taxes 

Net loss per share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 6 

High Wire Networks, Inc. (fka Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc.) 
Consolidated statements of stockholder s (deficit) equity 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

Additional 
 (Accumulated 

Common stock 
 paid-in 
 deficit)/retained 
 Noncontrolling 

Shares 
 
 capital 
 earnings 
 interest 
 Total 

Balances, January 1, 2022 

Issuance of common stock upon conversion of convertible debentures 

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock upon conversion of Series D preferred stock 

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock upon conversion of Series E preferred stock 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to PIPE transaction 

-
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Disposal of JTM 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net income for the period 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Ending balance, December 31, 2022 

-

For the year ended December 31, 2021 

Additional 
 (Accumulated 

Common stock 
 paid-in 
 deficit)/retained 
 Noncontrolling 

Shares 
 
 capital 
 earnings 
 interest 
 Total 

Balances, January 1, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of shares for reverse merger 

-
 
 -

Stock compensation in connection with reverse merger 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Fair value of convertible debt issued to HWN shareholders 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock upon conversion of convertible debentures 

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock upon conversion of Series A preferred stock 

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock upon conversion of Series D preferred stock 

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants 

-
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Series D preferred stock deemed dividend 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss for the period 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Ending balance, December 31, 2021 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 7 

High Wire Networks, Inc. (fka Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc.) 

Consolidated statements of cash flows 

For the years ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Gain (loss) on change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Loss on settlement of debt 

Amortization of discounts on convertible debentures and loans payable 

Amortization of premiums on convertible debentures and loans payable to related parties 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Stock-based compensation related to stock options 

Stock-based compensation related to Series D issuances 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on PPP loan forgiveness 

Initial derivative expense 

(Gain) loss on settlement of warrants 

Gain on disposal of JTM 
 
 -

Goodwill impairment charge 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Contract assets 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities of continuing operations 

Net cash provided by operating activities of discontinued operations 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of equipment 

Cash received in connection with disposal of JTM 
 
 -

Cash paid to acquire business 

Restricted cash acquired in reverse merger 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from related party advances 
 
 -

Repayments of related party advances 
 
 -

Proceeds from loans payable 

Repayments of loans payable 

Proceeds from convertible debentures 

Repayments of convertible debentures 

Proceeds from factor financing 

Repayments of factor financing 

Proceeds from Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 -

Proceeds from Cares Act loans 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities of continuing operations 

Net cash used in financing activities of discontinued operations 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible debentures 

Common stock issued for conversion of Series D preferred stock 

Issuance of Series D preferred stock 

Common stock issued for conversion of Series E preferred stock 
 
 -

Receivable from JTM disposition 
 
 -

Original issue discounts on loans payable 
 
 -

Common stock issued for conversion of Series A preferred stock 
 -

Common stock issued upon cashless exercise of warrants 
 -

Related party note issued 
 -

Convertible debentures issued 
 -

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible loans payable to related parties 
 -

Debt discount against derivative liability 
 -

Original issuance discounts on convertible debt 
 -

Original issuance discounts on loans payable 
 -

Fair value of Series E at issuance and net assets acquired in acquisition of SVC 
 -

Net assets acquired in reverse merger 
 -

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 8 

High Wire Networks, Inc. (fka Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc.) 

Notes to the consolidated financial statements 

December 31, 2022 

of JTM. 

interest in JTM (refer to Note 3, Reverse Merger and Acquisitions/Disposals, for additional detail). As of December 31, 2021,
the Company classified JTM as held-for-sale. Additionally, the sale of High Wire s interest in JTM qualified for discontinued
operations treatment (refer to Note 18, Discontinued Operations, for additional detail). 

F- 9 

. 

- years straight-line basis 
 
 Vehicles 
 - years straight-line basis 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 years straight-line basis 
 
 Software 
 years straight-line basis 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 years straight-line basis 

was recorded to the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

years. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

F- 12 

Time-and-materials 

Total 

and , respectively. 

F- 13 

and 
common stock equivalents outstanding. 

F- 14 

, cash flows used in operations of , and a working capital deficit of . These factors raise
substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these
consolidated financial statements. 

of PPP loans outstanding from the SBA under the CARES Act (in connection with the divestiture of the ADEX Entities, the buyer assumed
this note. Refer to Note 19, Subsequent Events, for additional detail). The PPP provides that the PPP loans may be partially or wholly
forgiven if the funds are used for certain qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. ADEX used the proceeds from the PPP loans
for qualifying expenses and is applying for forgiveness of the PPP loans in accordance with the terms of the CARES Act. 

F- 15 

. 

customer accounted for of consolidated revenues
for the period. In addition, amounts due from this customer represented of trade accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. For
the year ended December 31, 2021, customers accounted for , , and , respectively, of consolidated revenues for the period.
In addition, amounts due from these customers represented , , and , respectively, of trade accounts receivable as of December 31,
2021. other customers accounted for and , respectively, of trade accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021. 

and of consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Revenues generated from customers in Puerto Rico and Canada accounted for approximately and of consolidated revenues for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 16 

-
 
 -

Total fair value at December 31, 2021 
 Quoted prices in 
active markets 
 (Level 1) 
 Quoted prices in active 
 markets 
(Level 2) 
 Quoted prices in 
 active markets 
 (Level 3) 
 
 Description: 

Derivative liability (1) 
 
 -
 
 -

and , respectively. 

F- 17 

of the common stock of HWN for shares newly issued shares of the Company s
Series D preferred stock and shares of the Company s previously issued Series B preferred stock (formerly held by management
of legacy Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc.). 

Convertible debt 

Derivative liabilities 

Loans payable 

Loans payable, related parties 

Lease liabilities 

Fair value of stock options 

Fair value of warrants 

Fair value of Series A Preferred 

Fair value of Series D Preferred 

Total purchase price 

Other assets 

Contract assets 

Goodwill 

Customer lists 

Tradenames 

Total enterprise value 

F- 18 

in cash and up to (less up to in assumed liabilities)
of a newly established series of convertible preferred stock of Spectrum (refer to the Series E section of Note 12, Preferred Stock, for
additional detail). SVC is a wholesale network services provider with network footprint and licenses in the Northeast and Southeast United
States as well as Texas. This network carries VoIP and other traffic for other service providers. The purpose of the acquisition was to
continue to increase revenue. The closing of the acquisition was facilitated by the senior secured promissory note described in Note 8,
Convertible Debentures. 

Series E preferred stock 

Assumed debt 

Total purchase price 

Fixed assets 

Goodwill 

Customer relationships 

Tradenames 

Total enterprise value 

Net loss attributable to High Wire Networks, Inc. common shareholders 

Loss per common share, basic and diluted:

F- 19 

interest in JTM for , to be paid with an initial payment of and thirteen monthly payments of .
As of December 31, 2022, cash of had been received, and two monthly payments totaling remain outstanding. This amount
is included within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 

to the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December
31, 2022. This amount is included within loss on discontinued operations, net of tax on the consolidated statement of operations. 

Vehicles 

Leasehold improvements 

Software 

Machinery and equipment 

Total 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Equipment, net 

and , respectively. 

-

Trade names 

-

Total intangible assets 

-

and , respectively. 

F- 20 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

interest, unsecured, matures , debt premium of and , respectively 

Promissory note issued to Mark Porter, interest, unsecured, matured , due on demand 

Total 

to . 

interest, unsecured, matures August 31, 2022 

. Interest accrues at per annum. All principal and accrued
but unpaid interest under the note was originally due on August 31, 2022. The note is convertible into shares of the Company s common
stock at a fixed conversion price of per share, subject to adjustment based on the terms of the note. The embedded conversion option
does not qualify for derivative accounting. As a result of the conversion price being fixed at , the note had an original conversion
premium of , and the fair value of the note was . 

of principal into shares of the Company s common stock. 

of principal into shares of the Company s common stock. As a result of these
conversions, the Company recorded a loss on settlement of debt of to the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

of amortization of premium to the consolidated statement of operations. 

pursuant to this agreement. 

F- 21 

interest,
unsecured, matures December 15, 2021 

promissory note to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company in connection with the 2021 merger transaction. The note
was originally due on and bears interest at a rate of per annum. 

pursuant to this agreement. 

to the Company. In exchange for the advance, the Company agreed to pay guaranteed interest of . 

advance. The total payment of included the guaranteed interest of . 

to the Company. In exchange for the advance, the Company agreed to pay guaranteed interest of . 

advance. The total payments of included the guaranteed interest of . 

to the Company. In exchange for the advance, the Company agreed to pay guaranteed interest of . 

advance. The total payment of included the guaranteed interest of . 

interest, unsecured, matures on 

Future receivables financing agreement with Cedar Advance LLC, non-interest bearing, matures , net of debt discount of 
 
 - 
 
 Future receivables financing agreement with Pawn Funding, non-interest bearing, matures , net of debt discount of 
 
 - 
 
 EIDL Loan, interest, matures 

CARES Act Loans 

Promissory note issued to InterCloud Systems, Inc., non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on demand 

Promissory note issued to Dominion Capital, LLC, interest, unsecured, matures on 
 - 

Future receivables financing agreement with Cedar Advance LLC, non-interest bearing, matures , net of debt discount of 
 - 

Future receivables financing agreement with Pawn Funding, non-interest bearing, matures , net of debt discount of 
 - 

Total 

Less: Current portion of loans payable, net of debt discount 

Loans payable, net of current portion 

F- 22 

interest, matures October 9, 2024 

. The note bears interest
at a rate of per annum and the maturity date is October 9, 2024. The Company is to make monthly payments of principal and interest
of , with a final balloon payment of due on October 9, 2024. 

. 

. 

pursuant to this agreement. 

for a purchase price of . The Company
received cash of and recorded a debt discount of . 

The Financing Agreement also contained customary affirmative and negative covenants, representations and warranties, and default and termination
provisions. The effective interest rate was . 

shares of the Company s common stock
at an exercise price of per share. These warrants expire on December 14, 2024. 

resulted in an initial derivative expense of . 

of the original balance under the agreement. 

of the original balance under the agreement. As a result of these payments, the amount owed at December
31, 2022 was . 

for a purchase price of . The Company received
cash of and recorded a debt discount of . 

F- 23 

each week based upon an anticipated of its future receivables until
such time as has been paid, a period Pawn Funding and the Financing Parties estimated to be approximately nine months. The Financing
Agreement also contained customary affirmative and negative covenants, representations and warranties, and default and termination provisions.
The effective interest rate was . 

shares of the Company s common stock
at an exercise price of per share. These warrants expire on December 14, 2024. 

resulted in an initial derivative expense of . 

of the original balance under the agreement. 

of the original balance under the agreement. As a result of these payments, the amount owed at December
31, 2022 was . 

for a purchase price of . The Company received
cash of and recorded a debt discount of . 

The Financing Agreement also contained customary affirmative and negative covenants, representations and warranties, and default and termination
provisions. The estimated effective interest rate is . 

of the original balance under the agreement. As a result of these payments, the amount owed at December
31, 2022 was . 

interest, unsecured, matures on September 30, 2022 

. 

. 

. As a result of these payments, the amount owed at December 31, 2022 was . A
loss on settlement of debt of was recorded on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

for a purchase price of 1,000,000. The Company received
cash of and recorded a debt discount of . 

F- 24 

The Financing Agreement also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, representations and warranties, and default and termination
provisions. The effective interest rate is . 

of the original balance under the agreement. 

pursuant to this agreement and will record accretion equal to the debt discount of over the remaining
term of the note. 

for a purchase price of . The Company received
cash of and recorded a debt discount of . 

each week based upon an anticipated of its future receivables
until such time as has been paid, a period Pawn Funding and the Financing Parties estimate to be approximately nine months.
The Financing Agreement also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, representations and warranties, and default and termination
provisions. The effective interest rate is . 

of the original balance under the agreement. 

pursuant to this agreement and will record accretion equal to the debt discount of over the remaining
term of the note. 

. As of June 15, 2021, remained outstanding. The note
is non-interest bearing and is due on demand. 

pursuant to this agreement. 

. 

. 

pursuant to this agreement. 

F- 25 

CARES Act Loan. The Company recorded a gain on PPP loan forgiveness of to the consolidated
statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

and is included in loans payable on the consolidated balance sheets. 

interest, unsecured, matured , due on demand 

Convertible promissory note, James Marsh, interest, unsecured, matured , due on demand 

Convertible promissory note issued to Roger Ponder, interest, unsecured, matures , debt premium of and , respectively 

Convertible promissory note issued to the Mark Munro 1996 Charitable Remainder UniTrust, interest, unsecured, due 

Convertible promissory note, FJ Vulis and Associates LLC, interest, secured, matures 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible promissory note, Cobra Equities SPV, LLC, interest, unsecured, matured 
 - 

Convertible promissory note, Cobra Equities SPV, LLC, Tranche 1, interest, secured, matures , net of debt discount of and , respectively 
 - 

Convertible promissory note, Cobra Equities SPV, LLC, Tranche 2, interest, secured, matures , net of debt discount of and , respectively 
 - 

Convertible promissory note, Dominion Capital, LLC, interest, senior secured, matures , net of debt discount of and , respectively 
 - 

Convertible promissory note, Cobra Equities SPV, LLC, interest, senior secured, matures 
 - 
 -

Convertible promissory note, Cobra Equities SPV, LLC, interest, secured, due on demand 
 -

Convertible promissory note, Cobra Equities SPV, LLC, interest, secured, due on demand 
 -

Total 

Less: Current portion of convertible debentures, net of debt discount/premium 

Convertible debentures, net of current portion, net of debt discount 

to . 

F- 26 

interest, unsecured, matured June 1, 2019 

, with accrued
interest of . 

of principal and of accrued interest into shares of the Company s common
stock (refer to Note 11, Common Stock, for additional detail). 

. As a result of these payments, the amount owed at December 31, 2022 was . A loss
on settlement of debt of was recorded on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

interest, secured, matures December 30, 2021 

, with accrued interest of . 

per annum. All principal and accrued but unpaid interest under the note is due on
December 30, 2021. The note is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price of per
share. On or after the date of the closing of a subsequent offering, the fixed conversion price shall be of the price of the common
stock issued in the subsequent offering. 

interest, secured, due on demand section of this note for additional detail). 

F- 27 

interest, secured, due on demand 

interest, secured, matures December
30, 2021 section of this note assigned the note to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC. The interest on the outstanding principal due under
the note accrued at a rate of per annum. The note was convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion
price of per share. On or after the date of the closing of a subsequent offering, the fixed conversion price would have been 
of the price of the common stock issued in the subsequent offering. 

of principal and of accrued interest into shares
of the Company s common stock 

of principal and of accrued interest into shares of the Company s common
stock (refer to Note 11, Common Stock, for additional detail). As a result of these conversions, the outstanding balance was as of
December 31, 2022. 

interest, secured, matures December 31, 2021 

, with accrued interest of . 

. The interest on the outstanding principal due under the note accrues at a rate
of per annum. All principal and accrued but unpaid interest under the note is due on December 31, 2021. The note is convertible into
shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price of per share. 

. 

interest, secured, due on demand section of this note for additional detail). 

interest, secured, due on demand 

interest, secured, matures December
31, 2021 section of this note assigned the note to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC. The interest on the outstanding principal due under
the note accrued at a rate of per annum. The note was convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion
price of per share. In any event of default, the note was convertible at the alternate conversion price of of the lowest traded
price for the previous 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. 

F- 28 

of principal and of accrued interest into shares of the Company s common
stock (refer to Note 11, Common Stock, for additional detail). As a result of these conversions, the outstanding balance was as of
December 31, 2022. 

, with accrued interest of . The amount
outstanding for Tranche 2 as of June 15, 2021 was , with accrued interest of . 

. The note was assigned to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC
on March 2, 2021. 

interest, secured, matures January 1, 2023 

interest,
secured, matures January 1, 2023 above. High Wire received , with an original issue discount of . 

per annum. All principal and accrued but unpaid interest under the secured
note is due on January 1, 2023. The holder may begin converting the note into shares of the Company s common stock six months after
issuance when it is Rule 144 eligible. The conversion price is fixed at per share. 

of principal and of accrued interest into shares of the Company s common
stock. of principal and of accrued interest was related to Tranche 1 (refer to Note 11, Common Stock, for additional detail). 

F- 29 

interest, secured, matures January 1, 2023 

interest, secured,
matures January 1, 2023 above. High Wire received , with an original issue discount of . 

was added to the principal balance. 

of principal and of accrued interest into shares of the Company s common
stock. of the accrued interest was related to Tranche 2 (refer to Note 11, Common Stock, for additional detail). 

interest, unsecured, due on demand 

in connection with the
2021 merger transaction. 

per annum. All principal and accrued but unpaid interest under the note is due on
September 15, 2021. The note is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price of per
share. 

per annum. 

pursuant to this agreement. 

interest, unsecured, due on demand 

in connection with the 2021
merger transaction. 

per annum. All principal and accrued but unpaid interest under the note are due on
September 15, 2021. The note is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price of per
share. 

per annum. 

pursuant to this agreement. 

F- 30 

interest, unsecured, matures August 31, 2022 

. Interest accrues at per annum. All principal and accrued
but unpaid interest under the note are due on . The note is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock
at a fixed conversion price of per share, subject to adjustment based on the terms of the note. The embedded conversion option does
not qualify for derivative accounting. As a result of the conversion price being fixed at , the note has a conversion premium of
 , and the fair value of the note is . 

of amortization of premium to the consolidated statement of operations. 

pursuant to this agreement. 

interest, senior secured, matures December 29, 2023 

to an institutional investor for net proceeds of , a debt discount of . The note
facilitated the 2021 acquisition of SVC. The note accrues interest at the rate of per annum and is convertible into shares of the
Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price of per share, subject to adjustment as set forth in the note. The note
amortizes beginning ten months following issuance, in 18 monthly installments. 

shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of per share. The warrants expire on . 

and the warrant of resulted in an additional
debt discount of and an initial derivative expense of . 

of principal of its convertible promissory note from the Company to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC. The terms
of the note remain the same. 

outstanding share purchase warrants in connection with an amendment to the Certificate of
Designation of the Company s Series A preferred stock (refer to Note 12, Preferred Stock, for additional detail). 

F- 31 

interest, senior secured, matures December 29, 2023 

of principal of the note described in the Convertible promissory note, Dominion Capital, LLC, interest, senior secured, matures
December 29, 2023 section above was assigned to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC. 

per annum and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price of 
per share, subject to adjustment as set forth in the note. The note amortizes beginning ten months following issuance, in 18 monthly installments. 

interest, unsecured, due April 30, 2024 

described in Note 6, Loans
Payable to Related Parties, exchanged the note for a new convertible promissory note in the principal amount of . 

resulted in loss on settlement of debt of . 

. 

pursuant to this agreement. 

interest, secured, matures May 11, 2023 

. The interest
on the outstanding principal due under the note accrues at a rate of per annum. All principal and accrued but unpaid interest under
the note are due on May 11, 2023. The note is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price
of per share. In any event of default, or if the Company s common stock has a closing price of less than per share,
the fixed price is removed. 

resulted in a debt discount of and an initial
derivative expense of . 

F- 32 

pursuant to this agreement. 

. 

. 

from Bay View Funding. This money was used to pay off the amounts owed to the previous lender
at the time of the assignment and consent agreement. The initial term of the factoring agreement is twelve months from the initial funding
date. 

in factoring fees. These amounts are included within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated
statement of operations. 

and repaid an aggregate of . 

and repaid an aggregate of . 

under the agreement as of December 31, 2022. 

was comprised of of derivatives related to High Wire s convertible debentures, and of
derivatives related to High Wire s share purchase warrants and stock options. Not all of the Company s stock options qualify
for derivative treatment. 

F- 33 

was comprised
of of derivatives related to the Company s convertible debentures, and of derivatives related to the Company s
share purchase warrants and stock options. As of December 31, 2021, the derivative liability balance of was comprised of 
of derivatives related to the Company s convertible debentures, and of derivatives related to the Company s share
purchase warrants and stock options. 

Change in fair value of embedded conversion option 

Conversion of derivative liability 

Initial value of derivatives upon issuance 

Payment of debt 

Settlement of warrants 

Total 

Less: Current portion of derivative liabilities 

Derivative liabilities, net of current portion 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 At December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

common shares authorized with a par value of . 

shares of common stock. 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal and of accrued
interest pursuant to the convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of , resulting
in a loss on debt conversion of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal and of accrued interest
pursuant to the convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of , resulting
in a loss on debt conversion of . 

F- 34 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of accrued interest pursuant to the
convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of , resulting in a loss on debt
conversion of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of accrued interest pursuant
to the convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of , resulting in a loss
on debt conversion of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal and of accrued
interest pursuant to the convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of , resulting
in a loss on debt conversion of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal and of accrued interest
pursuant to the convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of , resulting
in a loss on debt conversion of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal pursuant to the convertible
debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of , resulting in a loss on debt conversion
of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal and of accrued
interest pursuant to the convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of , resulting
in a loss on debt conversion of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal and of accrued
interest pursuant to the convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of , resulting
in a loss on debt conversion of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal and of accrued interest
pursuant to a convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal pursuant to a convertible
debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of an aggregate of of principal
and of accrued interest pursuant to convertible debentures described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had an aggregate
fair value of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal pursuant to a convertible
debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal and of accrued
interest pursuant to a convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal and of accrued interest
pursuant to a convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal and of accrued interest
pursuant to a convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of . 

F- 35 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal and of
accrued interest pursuant to a convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of accrued interest pursuant
to a convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of of principal and of
accrued interest pursuant to a convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. The shares had a fair value of . 

shares of common stock to Efrat Investments LLC upon the conversion of of principal and of accrued interest
pursuant to the convertible debenture described in Note 8, Convertible Debentures. There was also a derivative of associated
with the note. The shares had a fair value of , resulting in a gain of debt conversion of . 

shares of common stock to Keith Hayter upon the conversion of of principal pursuant to convertible loan
payable to a related party described in Note 6, Loans Payable to Related Parties. The shares had a fair value of , resulting in
a loss on debt conversion of . 

shares of common stock to Keith Hayter upon the conversion of of principal pursuant to convertible loan payable
to a related party described in Note 6, Loans Payable to Related Parties. The shares had a fair value of , resulting in a loss
on debt conversion of . 

shares of common stock to Keith Hayter upon the conversion of of principal pursuant to a convertible loan payable
to a related party described in Note 6, Related Parties. The shares had a fair value of , resulting in a loss on debt conversion
of . 

shares of common stock to Keith Hayter upon the conversion of of principal pursuant to a convertible loan payable
to a related party described in Note 6, Related Parties. The shares had a fair value of , resulting in a loss on debt conversion
of . 

shares of common stock to Dominion Capital upon the conversion of shares of Series A preferred stock with a stated
value of per share. The shares had a fair value of , which was the carrying value of the Series A preferred converted. 

shares of common stock to Dominion Capital upon the conversion of shares of Series A preferred stock with a stated
value of per share. The shares had a fair value of , which was the carrying value of the Series A preferred converted. 

shares of common stock to SCS, LLC upon the conversion of shares of Series D preferred stock with a stated
value of per share. The shares had a fair value of , which was the carrying value of the Series D preferred converted. 

shares of common stock to SCS, LLC upon the conversion of shares of Series D preferred stock with a stated value of
 per share. The shares had a fair value of , which was the carrying value of the Series D preferred converted. 

F- 36 

shares of common stock to FJ Vulis and Associates, LLC upon the conversion of shares of Series D preferred stock with
a stated value of per share. The shares had a fair value of , which was the carrying value of the Series D preferred converted. 

shares of common stock to a holder upon the conversion of shares of Series E preferred stock with a stated value
of per share. The shares had a fair value of , which was the carrying value of the Series E preferred converted. 

shares of common stock to Pawn Funding upon the cashless exercise of a warrant. The Company recognized a gain on settlement
of warrants of . 

shares of common stock to Efrat Investments LLC upon the cashless exercise of a warrant. The Company recognized
a loss on settlement of warrants of . 

aggregate principal amount of convertible notes to Jeffrey Gardner and James Marsh., who are shareholders of HWN. The
debt had a fair value of , which was recorded as a reduction to retained earnings. 

shares of its common stock at a price per
share of . Maximum gross proceeds in the offering are . The shares issued to Investors are subject to Subscription Agreements
in connection with the Offering. Additionally, for any shares purchased under the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company is required
to deposit a number of shares into escrow equal to of the shares purchased. 

of their shares every
30-day period for the subsequent six months (the leak-out period). These sales cannot represent more than of the daily
trading volume of the Company s common stock. After the first anniversary of the Securities Purchase Agreement there are no further
restrictions. 

as part of the Offering (see below for a breakout of the issuances). Additionally, subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company has received an additional as part of the Offering (refer to Note 19, Subsequent Events,
for additional detail). 

F- 37 

shares of common stock to Investors in exchange for aggregate cash proceeds of pursuant
to a Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company deposited an additional shares into escrow. The aggregate fair value of these
shares was . 

shares of common stock to Investors in exchange for aggregate cash proceeds of pursuant
to a Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company deposited an additional shares into escrow. The aggregate fair value of these
shares was . 

shares of common stock to Investors in exchange for aggregate cash proceeds of pursuant
to a Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company deposited an additional shares into escrow. The aggregate fair value of these shares
was . 

and , respectively. The fair value of the Series D preferred stock which was received in the exchange
was , which was recorded as additional paid in capital. 

preferred shares it is authorized to issue, consisting of shares, to be designated
as Series A preferred stock. 

per share. 

per share and the conversion price floor to per share. 

per share. High Wire accounted for the amendment as an extinguishment and recorded a deemed dividend in accordance with ASC
260-10-599-2. 

per share in exchange for the remaining holder forfeiting their outstanding share purchase warrants described in Note
8, Convertible Debentures. As a result, the Company recorded a gain on settlement of warrants of to the consolidated statement
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 38 

shares of common stock to Dominion Capital upon the conversion of shares of Series A preferred stock with a stated
value of per share. The shares had a fair value of , which was the carrying value of the Series A preferred converted. 

shares of common stock to Dominion Capital upon the conversion of shares of Series A preferred stock with a stated
value of per share. The shares had a fair value of , which was the carrying value of the Series A preferred converted. 

. This amount is recorded within mezzanine equity on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

shares of Series B preferred stock with a stated value of per share. The Series B preferred stock is neither redeemable
nor convertible into common stock. The principal terms of the Series B preferred stock shares are as follows: 

per share. 

F- 39 

per share. If upon such liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the assets to be distributed among the Series B preferred stock holders
and all other shares of capital stock of the Company having the same liquidation preference as the Series B preferred stock shall be insufficient
to permit payment to said holders of such amounts, then all of the assets of the Company then remaining shall be distributed ratably among
the Series B preferred stock holders and such other capital stock of the Company having the same liquidation preference as the Series
B preferred stock, if any. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, after provision
is made for Series B preferred stock holders and all other shares of capital stock of the Company having the same liquidation preference
as the Series B preferred stock, if any, then-outstanding as provided above, the holders of common stock and other capital stock of the
Company having a liquidation preference junior to the Series B preferred stock shall be entitled to receive ratably all remaining assets
of the Company to be distributed. 

shares of Series D preferred stock with a stated value of per share. The Series D preferred stock is not redeemable. 

for the year ended December 31, 2021 in accordance
with ASC 260-10-599-2. 

per share. 

for each share of Series D before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any other securities of the Corporation
and (ii) then be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation the same amount that a holder of
Common Stock would receive if the Series D were fully converted (disregarding for such purposes any conversion limitations hereunder)
to Common Stock which amounts shall be paid pari passu with all holders of Common Stock. The Corporation shall mail written notice of
any such Liquidation, not less than 45 days prior to the payment date stated therein, to each Holder. 

F- 40 

per share of the Corporation Common Stock ), and any other series of preferred stock then outstanding that
have voting rights, and except as provided in Section 7, not as a separate class, at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of
the Corporation, with respect to any question or matter upon which the holders of Common Stock have the right to vote, such that the voting
power of each share of Series D is equal to the voting power of the shares of Common Stock that each such share of Series D would be convertible
into pursuant to Section 6 if the Series D Conversion Date was the date of the vote. The Series D shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders 
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation and may act by written consent in the same manner as the holders of Common Stock
of the Corporation. 

on June 15, 2021. The Average
Price is defined as the average closing price of the Company s common stock for the 10 trading days immediately preceding, but not
including, the conversion date. 

of the then outstanding shares of Series D shall be required for any change to the Certificate
of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Other Rights of the Series D. 

shares of Series D preferred stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC. 

shares of common stock to SCS, LLC upon the conversion of shares of Series D preferred stock with a stated
value of per share. The shares had a fair value of , which was the carrying value of the Series D preferred converted. 

shares of common stock to SCS, LLC upon the conversion of shares of Series D preferred stock with a stated value of
 per share. The shares had a fair value of , which was the carrying value of the Series D preferred converted. 

shares of Series D preferred stock to FJ Vulis and Associates, LLC. 

shares of common stock to FJ Vulis and Associates, LLC upon the conversion of shares of Series D preferred stock with
a stated value of per share. The shares had a fair value of , which was the carrying value of the Series D preferred converted. 

shares of its Series D preferred stock. As a result of this issuance, the Company recorded stock compensation
of to the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

. This amount is recorded within mezzanine equity on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

F- 41 

shares of Series E preferred stock with a stated value of per share. The Series E preferred stock is not
redeemable. 

per share. 

for each share of Series E before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any other securities of the Corporation
and (ii) then be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation the same amount that a holder of
Common Stock would receive if the Series E were fully converted (disregarding for such purposes any conversion limitations hereunder)
to Common Stock which amounts shall be paid pari passu with all holders of Common Stock. The Corporation shall mail written notice of
any such Liquidation, not less than 45 days prior to the payment date stated therein, to each Holder. 

per share of the Corporation Common Stock ), and any other series of preferred stock then outstanding that have voting rights,
and except as provided in Section 7, below, not as a separate class, at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation,
with respect to any question or matter upon which the holders of Common Stock have the right to vote, such that the voting power of each
share of Series E is equal to the voting power of the shares of Common Stock that each such share of Series E would be convertible into
pursuant to Section 6 if the Series E Conversion Date was the date of the vote. The Series E shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders 
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation and may act by written consent in the same manner as the holders of Common Stock
of the Corporation. 

on December 29, 2021. 

of the then outstanding shares of Series E shall be required for any change to the Certificate
of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Other Rights of the Series E. 

shares of common stock to a holder upon the conversion of shares of Series E preferred stock with a stated value
of per share. The shares had a fair value of , which was the carrying value of the Series D preferred converted. 

. This amount is recorded within mezzanine equity on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

F- 42 

. 

as of December 31, 2022. This amount is included in derivative
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The valuation methodology, including the assumptions used in the valuation, are discussed
in Note 10, Derivative Liabilities. The weighted-average remaining life on the share purchase warrants as of December 31, 2022 was 
years. The weighted-average remaining life on the stock options as of December 31, 2022 was years. With the exception of those issued
during February and June 2021, the stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 were subject to vesting terms. 

warrants in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement discussed in Note 11. Common Stock. 

-

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Expired/forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

-

Issued 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Cancelled/expired/forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

-

as of December 31, 2022. The stock options granted during 2022 were to employees, officers and directors. 

F- 43 

Operating lease liabilities: 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Long term operating lease liabilities 
 -

Total operating lease liabilities 

and , respectively. Operating lease costs are included within
selling, administrative and other expenses on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, short-term lease costs were and , respectively. 

and , respectively, for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. These amounts are included in operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company reduced its operating lease liabilities by and , respectively, for cash paid. 

. The weighted average remaining term of the leases is years.
Remaining lease payments as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Less: imputed interest 

Total 

. On March
7, 2022, the Company filed a response and counterclaim against the former employee. The Company settled the lawsuit for during
the fourth quarter of 2022. 

operating segments including: 

F- 44 

Operating loss 

Interest expense 

Depreciation and amortization 
 -

Total assets as of December 31, 2022 

United States 

Consolidated total 

Operating loss 

Interest expense 

Depreciation and amortization 
 -

Total assets as of December 31, 2021 

United States 

Consolidated total 

F- 45 

Foreign 

Pre-tax Loss 

and , respectively, for
the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s income taxes were calculated on the basis of foreign pre-tax income and domestic
pre-tax loss of and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Permanent differences 

State tax benefit, net of Federal benefits 
 -
 
 -

Other 
 -
 
 -

Effect of foreign income taxed in rates other than the U.S. Federal statutory rate 
 -
 
 -

Net change in valuation allowance 

Provision 
 -
 
 -

F- 46 

Depreciation 

Total assets 

Total liabilities 
 -
 
 -

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax liabilities 
 -
 
 -

and , respectively,
that will be available to reduce future taxable income, if any. These NOL s begin to expire in 2027. The NOL was acquired in the
reverse merger and there is more likely than not a Section 382 limitation. 

-percent shareholders, as defined in
Section 382 of the Code, increases by more than percentage points over the lowest percentage of the shares of such corporation owned,
directly or indirectly, by such -percent shareholders at any time over the preceding three years. In the event such ownership change
occurs, the annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses capital losses and credits prior to full utilization. 

interest in JTM. As of December 31, 2021, the Company classified JTM as held-for-sale. Additionally, the sale of High
Wire s interest in JTM qualified for discontinued operations treatment. 

F- 47 

Accounts receivable 

Contract assets 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Current assets of discontinued operations 

Noncurrent assets: 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of 

Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Loans payable 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 

Noncurrent liabilities: 

Loans payable, net of current portion 

Noncurrent liabilities of discontinued operations 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of revenues 

Depreciation and amortization 
 -

Salaries and wages 

General and administrative 

Goodwill impairment 
 - 

Intangible asset impairment 
 - 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) income from operations 

Other income: 

Gain on disposal of subsidiary 
 
 -

Interest expense 
 - 

PPP loan forgiveness 
 -

Total other income 

Pre-tax income from operations 

Provision for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

F- 48 

interest, matures August 31, 2023 

, which was the outstanding principal and accrued interest of the exchanged note as of that date. Interest
accrues at per annum. All principal and accrued but unpaid interest under the note is due on August 31, 2023. Principal payments under
the new note began on March 31, 2023. 

shares of common stock to Dominion Capital upon the conversion of shares of Series A preferred stock with a stated
value of per share. The shares had a carrying value of . Subsequent to the conversion, there were remaining shares of Series
A preferred stock outstanding. 

shares of common stock to Investors in exchange for aggregate cash proceeds of pursuant to a
Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company deposited an additional shares into escrow. The aggregate fair value of these shares
was . 

shares of common stock to Investors in exchange for aggregate cash proceeds of pursuant to
a Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company deposited an additional shares into escrow. The aggregate fair value of these shares
was . 

shares of common stock to Investors in exchange for aggregate cash proceeds of pursuant to a
Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company deposited an additional shares into escrow. The aggregate fair value of these shares
was . 

shares of common stock to Investors in exchange for aggregate cash proceeds of pursuant to a
Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company deposited an additional shares into escrow. The aggregate fair value of these shares
was . 

shares of common stock to Investors in exchange for aggregate cash proceeds of pursuant to
a Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company deposited an additional shares into escrow. The aggregate fair value of these shares
was . 

shares of common stock to Investors in exchange for aggregate cash proceeds of pursuant to a
Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company deposited an additional shares into escrow. The aggregate fair value of these shares
was . 

interest,
unsecured, matures 

promissory note to Jeffrey Gardner. The note matures on and bears interest at a rate of per annum.
The Company received cash proceeds of . 

shares of common stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC upon the conversion of shares of Series D preferred stock with
a stated value of per share. The shares had a fair value of , which was the carrying value of the Series D preferred
converted. 

shares of its common stock at an exercise price of per share. The options vested
in full upon issuance. 

for a purchase price of . The Company received
cash of . 

F- 49 

for a purchase price of . The Company received
cash of . 

shares of common stock to Ocean Street Partners in connection with a consulting agreement. 

shares of common stock to Capital Market Access LLC in connection with a consulting agreement. Additionally,
the Company issued to Capital Market Access LLC options to purchase shares of its common stock with an exercise price of .
These options vest equally every three months from the date of grant. 

of the face value of the assigned accounts receivable, up to maximum total borrowings of outstanding at
any point in time. ADEX, HWN and SVC additionally granted Bay View Funding a continuing security interest in, and lien upon, all accounts
receivable, inventory, fixed assets, general intangibles, and other assets. 

shares of its common stock at an exercise price of per share. The
options will vest after ninety days from the date of grant, with the remaining vesting eighteen months from the date of grant. 

shares of its common stock at an exercise
price of per share. The options will vest after ninety days from the date of grant, with the remaining vesting eighteen
months from the date of grant. 

F- 50 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

High Wire Networks, Inc. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark
 W. Porter 

Mark W. Porter 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Daniel
 J. Sullivan 

Daniel J. Sullivan 

Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Mark W. Porter 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Mark W. Porter 
 
 Board of Directors 

/s/ Daniel J. Sullivan 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Daniel J. Sullivan 
 
 and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Stephen W. LaMarche 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Stephen W. LaMarche 

/s/ Peter H. Kruse 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Peter H. Kruse 

46 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit # 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc., HW Merger Sub, Inc., HWN, Inc. and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 2, 2021) 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 10, 2022) 

3.3 
 
 Amended Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Other Rights of Series D Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Other Rights of Series D Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 22, 2021) 

4 
 
 Description of registered securities 

10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2021, by and between HWN, Inc. (f/k/a Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc. and Dominion Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 10, 2021) 

10.2 
 
 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated November 3, 2021, issued to Dominion Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 10, 2021) 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2021, by and between HWN, Inc. and Dominion Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 10, 2021) 

10.4 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2021, by and among Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc., SVC, Inc., Secure Voice Corp. and Telecom Assets Corp. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 2009 Stock Compensation Plan and 2009 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on November 24, 2009) 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2021, by and between Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc. and Mark W. Porter 

10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2023, by and between High Wire Networks, Inc. and Stephen LaMarche 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
herewith. 

47 

<EX-4>
 2
 f10k2022ex4_highwire.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES

Exhibit 4 

Description of Registrants Securities 

Common Stock 

Authorized Shares 

The Company has 1,000,000,000
common shares authorized with a par value of 0.00001. 

Preferred Stock 

Series A 

On November 15, 2017, High
Wire created one series of the 20,000,000 preferred shares it is authorized to issue, consisting of 8,000,000 shares, to be designated
as Series A preferred stock. 

On October 29, 2018, High
Wire made the first amendment to the Certificate of Designation of its Series A convertible preferred stock. This amendment updated the
conversion price to be equal to the greater of 75 of the lowest VWAP during the ten trading day period immediately preceding the date
a conversion notice is delivered or 120.00, subject to adjustment for any subdivision or combination of the Company s outstanding
shares of common stock. 

On August 16, 2019, High Wire
made the second amendment to the Certificate of Designation of its Series A convertible preferred stock. As a result of this amendment,
the Company recorded a deemed dividend in accordance with ASC 260-10-599-2. 

On April 8, 2020, High Wire
made the third amendment to the Certificate of Designation of its Series A preferred stock which lowered the fixed conversion price and
the conversion price floor to 3.00 per share. 

On June 18, 2020, High Wire
made the fourth amendment to the Certificate of Designation of its Series A preferred stock, which lowered the fixed conversion price
to 0.20 per share and the conversion price floor to 0.01 per share. 

On January 27, 2021, High
Wire made the fifth amendment to the Certificate of Designation of its Series A preferred stock which lowered the fixed conversion price
to 0.0975 per share. High Wire accounted for the amendment as an extinguishment and recorded a deemed dividend in accordance with ASC
260-10-599-2. 

On December 30, 2022, High
Wire made the sixth amendment to the Certificate of Designation of its Series A preferred stock which lowered the fixed conversion price
to 0.08 per share in exchange for the remaining holder forfeiting their 5,400,000 outstanding share purchase warrants described in Note
8, Convertible Debentures. 

Subsequent to the sixth amendment,
the principal terms of the Series A preferred stock shares are as follows: 

Voting rights 
The Series A preferred stock shares do not have voting rights. 

Dividend rights 
The holders of the Series A preferred stock shares shall not be entitled to receive any dividends. No dividends (other than those payable
solely in common stock) shall be paid on the common stock or any class or series of capital stock ranking junior, as to dividends, to
the Series A preferred stock shares during any fiscal year of the Company until there shall have been paid or declared and set apart during
that fiscal year for the holders of the Series A preferred stock shares a dividend in an amount per share equal to (i) the number of shares
of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A preferred stock times (ii) the amount per share of the dividend to be paid on
the common stock. 

Conversion rights 
The holders of the Series A preferred stock shares have the right to convert each Series A preferred stock share and all accrued and unpaid
dividends thereon shall be convertible at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the issuance of such share into fully paid
and nonassessable shares of common stock of the Company. The number of shares of common stock into which each share of the Series A preferred
stock shares may be converted shall be determined by dividing the sum of the stated value of the Series A preferred stock shares 1.00
per share) being converted and any accrued and unpaid dividends by the conversion price in effect at the time of the conversion. The Series
A preferred stock shares may be converted at a fixed conversion price of 0.08, subject to adjustment for any subdivision or combination
of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock. The conversion price has a floor of 0.01 per share. 

Liquidation rights 
Upon the occurrence of any liquidation, each holder of Series A preferred stock shares then outstanding shall be entitled to receive,
out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders, before any payment shall be made in respect of the common
stock, or other series of preferred stock then in existence that is outstanding and junior to the Series A preferred stock shares upon
liquidation, an amount per share of Series A preferred stock shares equal to the amount that would be receivable if the Series A preferred
stock shares had been converted into common stock immediately prior to such liquidation distribution, plus, accrued and unpaid dividends. 

On June 24, 2021, the Company
issued 985,651 shares of common stock to Dominion Capital upon the conversion of 96,101 shares of Series A preferred stock with a stated
value of 1 per share. The shares had a fair value of 209,016, which was the carrying value of the Series A preferred converted. 

On August 12, 2021, the Company
issued 1,025,641 shares of common stock to Dominion Capital upon the conversion of 100,000 shares of Series A preferred stock with a stated
value of 1 per share. The shares had a fair value of 206,410, which was the carrying value of the Series A preferred converted. 

In accordance with ASC 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity , the Company has classified the Series A preferred stock shares as temporary equity or mezzanine. 

As of December 31, 2022, the
fair value of the Series A preferred stock was 722,098. This amount is recorded within mezzanine equity on the consolidated balance sheets. 

On January 5, 2023, the holder
of the Company s Series A preferred stock converted the remaining shares into shares of the Company s common stock (refer
to Note 19, Subsequent Events, for additional detail). 

Series B 

On April 16, 2018, High Wire
designated 1,000 shares of Series B preferred stock with a stated value of 3,500 per share. The Series B preferred stock is neither redeemable
nor convertible into common stock. The principal terms of the Series B preferred stock shares are as follows: 

Issue Price - The
stated price for the Series B preferred stock shares shall be 3,500 per share. 

Redemption - The
Series B preferred stock shares are not redeemable. 

Dividends - The
holders of the Series B preferred stock shares shall not be entitled to receive any dividends. 

2 

Preference of Liquidation
- The Corporation s Series A preferred stock (the Senior Preferred Stock) shall have a liquidation preference senior
to the Series B preferred stock. Upon any fundamental transaction, liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary
or involuntary, the holders of the shares of the Series B preferred stock shares shall be entitled, after any distribution or payment
is made upon any shares of capital stock of the Company having a liquidation preference senior to the Series B preferred stock shares,
including the Senior Preferred Stock, but before any distribution or payment is made upon any shares of common stock or other capital
stock of the Company having a liquidation preference junior to the Series B preferred stock shares, to be paid in cash the sum of 3,500
per share. If upon such liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the assets to be distributed among the Series B preferred stock holders
and all other shares of capital stock of the Company having the same liquidation preference as the Series B preferred stock shall be insufficient
to permit payment to said holders of such amounts, then all of the assets of the Company then remaining shall be distributed ratably among
the Series B preferred stock holders and such other capital stock of the Company having the same liquidation preference as the Series
B preferred stock, if any. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, after provision
is made for Series B preferred stock holders and all other shares of capital stock of the Company having the same liquidation preference
as the Series B preferred stock, if any, then-outstanding as provided above, the holders of common stock and other capital stock of the
Company having a liquidation preference junior to the Series B preferred stock shall be entitled to receive ratably all remaining assets
of the Company to be distributed. 

Voting - The holders
of shares of Series B preferred stock shall be voted together with the shares of common stock such that the aggregate voting power of
the Series B preferred stock is equal to 51 of the total voting power of the Company. 

Conversion - There
are no conversion rights. 

In accordance with ASC 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity , the Company has classified the Series B preferred stock shares as temporary equity or mezzanine. 

Series D 

On June 14, 2021, High Wire
designated 1,590 shares of Series D preferred stock with a stated value of 10,000 per share. The Series D preferred stock is not redeemable. 

On December 13, 2021, the
Company made the first amendment to the Certificate of Designation of its Series D preferred stock which changed the conversion right.
As a result of this amendment, the Company recorded a deemed dividend of 5,852,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 in accordance
with ASC 260-10-599-2. 

Subsequent to the first amendment,
the principal terms of the Series D preferred stock shares are as follows: 

Issue Price - The
stated price for the Series D preferred stock shares shall be 10,000 per share. 

Redemption - The
Series D preferred stock shares are not redeemable. 

Dividends - The
holders of the Series D preferred stock shares shall not be entitled to receive any dividends. 

Preference of Liquidation
- Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation ),
the Holders shall (i) first be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation an amount equal to
 10,000 for each share of Series D before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any other securities of the Corporation
and (ii) then be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation the same amount that a holder of
Common Stock would receive if the Series D were fully converted (disregarding for such purposes any conversion limitations hereunder)
to Common Stock which amounts shall be paid pari passu with all holders of Common Stock. The Corporation shall mail written notice of
any such Liquidation, not less than 45 days prior to the payment date stated therein, to each Holder. 

3 

Voting - Except
as otherwise provided in the agreement or as required by law, the Series D shall be voted together with the shares of common stock, par
value 0.00001 per share of the Corporation Common Stock ), and any other series of preferred stock then outstanding that
have voting rights, and except as provided in Section 7, not as a separate class, at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of
the Corporation, with respect to any question or matter upon which the holders of Common Stock have the right to vote, such that the voting
power of each share of Series D is equal to the voting power of the shares of Common Stock that each such share of Series D would be convertible
into pursuant to Section 6 if the Series D Conversion Date was the date of the vote. The Series D shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders 
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation and may act by written consent in the same manner as the holders of Common Stock
of the Corporation. 

Conversion - Beginning
ninety (90) days from the date of issuance, all or a portion of the Series D may be converted into Common Stock at the greater of the
Fixed Price and the Average Price (as defined below). On the business day immediately preceding the listing of the Common Stock on a national
securities exchange (the Automatic Series D Conversion Date ), without any further action, all shares of Series D shall automatically
convert into shares of Common Stock at the Fixed Price, which is defined as the closing price of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately
preceding the date of issuance of the Series D subject to adjustment for any reverse or forward split of the Common Stock). The Series
D shares were issued on June 16, 2021, and the closing price of the Company s common stock was 0.225 on June 15, 2021. The Average
Price is defined as the average closing price of the Company s common stock for the 10 trading days immediately preceding, but not
including, the conversion date. 

Vote to Change the Terms
of or Issuance of Series D - The affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose, or written consent without a meeting,
of the holders of not less than fifty-one (51 of the then outstanding shares of Series D shall be required for any change to the Certificate
of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Other Rights of the Series D. 

On October 20, 2021, Keith
Hayter assigned 140 shares of Series D preferred stock to Cobra Equities SPV, LLC. 

On December 16, 2021, the
Company issued 2,045,454 shares of common stock to SCS, LLC upon the conversion of 45 shares of Series D preferred stock with a stated
value of 10,000 per share. The shares had a fair value of 464,543, which was the carrying value of the Series D preferred converted. 

On February 7, 2022, the Company
issued 1,136,364 shares of common stock to SCS, LLC upon the conversion of 25 shares of Series D preferred stock with a stated value of
 10,000 per share. The shares had a fair value of 258,080, which was the carrying value of the Series D preferred converted. 

On
October 11, 2022, Mark Porter assigned 25 shares of Series D preferred stock to FJ Vulis and Associates, LLC. 

On October 11, 2022, the Company
issued 1,179,245 shares of common stock to FJ Vulis and Associates, LLC upon the conversion of 25 shares of Series D preferred stock with
a stated value of 10,000 per share. The shares had a fair value of 258,080, which was the carrying value of the Series D preferred converted. 

In accordance with ASC 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity , the Company has classified the Series D preferred stock shares as temporary equity or mezzanine. 

On December 23, 2022, the
Company issued an additional 810 shares of its Series D preferred stock. As a result of this issuance, the Company recorded stock compensation
of 5,498,845 to the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022, the
fair value of the Series D Preferred Stock was 11,641,142. This amount is recorded within mezzanine equity on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

Refer to Note 19, Subsequent
Events, for information on conversions and cancelations taking place after December 31, 2022. 

4 

Series E 

On December 20, 2021, the
Company designated 650 shares of Series E preferred stock with a stated value of 10,000 per share. The Series E preferred stock is not
redeemable. 

The principal terms of the
Series E preferred stock shares are as follows: 

Issue Price - The
stated price for the Series E preferred stock shares shall be 10,000 per share. 

Redemption - The
Series E preferred stock shares are not redeemable. 

Dividends - The
holders of the Series E preferred stock shares shall not be entitled to receive any dividends. 

Preference of Liquidation
- Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation ),
the Holders shall (i) first be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation an amount equal to
 10,000 for each share of Series E before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any other securities of the Corporation
and (ii) then be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation the same amount that a holder of
Common Stock would receive if the Series E were fully converted (disregarding for such purposes any conversion limitations hereunder)
to Common Stock which amounts shall be paid pari passu with all holders of Common Stock. The Corporation shall mail written notice of
any such Liquidation, not less than 45 days prior to the payment date stated therein, to each Holder. 

Voting - Except
as otherwise provided herein or as required by law, the Series E shall be voted together with the shares of common stock, par value 0.00001
per share of the Corporation Common Stock ), and any other series of preferred stock then outstanding that have voting rights,
and except as provided in Section 7, below, not as a separate class, at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation,
with respect to any question or matter upon which the holders of Common Stock have the right to vote, such that the voting power of each
share of Series E is equal to the voting power of the shares of Common Stock that each such share of Series E would be convertible into
pursuant to Section 6 if the Series E Conversion Date was the date of the vote. The Series E shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders 
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation and may act by written consent in the same manner as the holders of Common Stock
of the Corporation. 

Conversion - Beginning
ninety (90) days from the date of issuance, all or a portion of the Series E may be converted into Common Stock at the Fixed Price (as
defined below). On the business day immediately preceding the listing of the Common Stock on a national securities exchange (the Automatic
Series E Conversion Date ), without any further action, all shares of Series E shall automatically convert into shares of Common
Stock at the Fixed Price. Fixed Price shall be defined as the closing price of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately
preceding the date of issuance of the Series E (subject to adjustment for any reverse or forward split of the Common Stock or similar
occurrence). The Series D shares were issued on December 30, 2021, and the closing price of the Company s common stock was 0.23075
on December 29, 2021. 

Vote to Change the Terms
of or Issuance of Series E - The affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose, or written consent without a meeting,
of the holders of not less than fifty-one (51 of the then outstanding shares of Series E shall be required for any change to the Certificate
of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Other Rights of the Series E. 

In accordance with ASC 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity , the Company has classified the Series E preferred stock shares as temporary equity or mezzanine. 

5 

</EX-4>

<EX-10.6>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-6_highwire.htm
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 1, 2021, BY AND BETWEEN SPECTRUM GLOBAL SOLUTIONS, INC. AND MARK W. PORTER

Exhibit
10.6 

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

THIS
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement ), dated as of the __ 1st ___ day of _March____________, _2021______ (the
 Effective Date ), is made and entered into by and between Spectrum Global Solutions, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(hereinafter referred to as the Company ), located at 980 North Federal Hwy. Ste. 304 Boca Raton, Florida 33432 and
Mark W. Porter of Os062 N. Mathewson, Geneva, Illinois 60134 (hereinafter referred to as Employee (collectively, the
 Parties ). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS,
 Company provides technology installation services, managed cyber security services, and staffing to the technology industry in North
America, and abroad for US based organizations Business ). The definition of Business shall be deemed amended
automatically to reflect any actual change in the Business after the Effective Date but prior to the date on which Employee ceases to
be employed by Company; 

WHEREAS,
 Employee is or will be one of Company s key executive team members, with access to virtually all of Company s Confidential
Information, and with duties and responsibilities coextensive with virtually the entire actual and prospective scope of the Business.
In Employee s trusted role with Company, Employee has or will develop substantial business knowledge and expertise in the conduct
of the Business and other Confidential Information; 

WHEREAS,
 Employee recognizes and agrees that the enforceability of this Agreement and Employee s agreement to be bound by the terms
and conditions contained in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the restrictive covenants (to the extent such covenants apply
to Employee, as set forth herein), are essential for the protection of the Business, for the protection of Company s goodwill and
to prevent unfair competition and the improper use or disclosure of Confidential Information (including trade secrets); 

WHEREAS,
 Employee recognizes that Company would not have agreed to employ or continue to employ Employee but for Employee s agreement
to enter into and abide by the terms of this Agreement and that Employee acknowledges he is receiving good and adequate consideration
in connection with this Agreement; and 

WHEREAS,
 Company has several divisions, subsidiaries, and certain relationships with related companies and other affiliates, joint venture
partners, or other entities licensed to use Company s technology (each, an Affiliate ). To the extent Employee is
assigned to an Affiliate by Company, performs services for an Affiliate, and/or has access to confidential or proprietary information
of an Affiliate, the term Company as used in this Agreement only, shall be deemed to include not only HWN, Inc., but shall
also be deemed to include any other Affiliate to which Employee is assigned, for which Employee performs any services, and/or about which
Employee is exposed to confidential or proprietary information during Employee s employment relationship with Company. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of Employee s continued employment as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the
payment of compensation and benefits for such employment, and in recognition of the fact that Employee will have access to Trade Secrets
and Confidential Information (as defined below) of the Company and its affiliates and customers, Employee and the Company hereby acknowledge,
represent and agree as follows: 

1.
 Term . The Initial Term of this Agreement shall be deemed to have begun on the Effective Date and shall continue
for five (5) years thereafter, unless terminated sooner in accordance with Section 4 below. This Agreement and Employee s employment
shall be extended for additional consecutive periods of two (2) years after the Initial Term (each a Renewal
Term unless either the Company or Employee delivers written notice to other electing not to continue Employee s employment
beyond the Initial Term or the then current Renewal Term, as applicable, no later than ninety days prior to the end of the Initial Term
or then current Renewal Term, as applicable. The Initial Term and all Renewal Terms are referred to collectively herein as the Term. 

2.
 Compensation . During the Term, Employee shall receive the following compensation: 

(a)
 Base Salary . The Company shall pay Employee, as President and Chief Executive Officer, an annual salary of 375,000.00 (the Base
Salary ), paid in installments in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices (subject to appropriate withholdings).
The Company may, in the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), review and increase, but
not decrease, Employee s Base Salary from time to time. Solely at Employee s discretion, Employee may, but is not required
to, agree to accept a lesser annual salary if in Employee s opinion, doing so would further the Company s future business
plans for growth or other opportunity. 

(b)
 Target Annual Bonus . Employee shall be eligible to receive additional compensation in the form of an annual cash bonus (the Target
Annual Bonus based on the Company s achievement of certain performance targets and subject in all respects to the specific
terms and conditions set forth on Exhibit A hereto. All determinations relating to the performance targets applicable to the Target
Annual Bonus for each year shall be made in the discretion of the Board or such person or committee to which such authority has been
granted by the Board, with input from Employee, and the extent to which such targets have been achieved for each year shall be made in
the reasonable discretion of the Board. The performance targets for calendar year 2021 are set forth on Exhibit A and for such
year may not be amended without the written consent of Employee. Exhibit A shall be amended for each year subsequent to 2021 based
on the determination of the Board or committee as provided above. The amount of the Target Annual Bonus that will be earned if all performance
targets are achieved for each year (the Target Annual Bonus Percentage shall be set forth on Exhibit A , which may
not be less than five percent (5 of EBITDA for the applicable year, and once established for any year such Target Annual Bonus Percentage
may not be decreased without the written consent of Employee. Subject to Section 4(e)(i)(C), each Target Annual Bonus, if any, shall
be awarded in, and is conditioned upon Employee s employment on the first day of the fiscal year immediately following the fiscal
year in which the applicable performance targets were achieved, and shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the date that is thirty (30)
days after the Company receives from its auditors the final audited financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year in which
the applicable performance targets were achieved, and (ii) March 31 of the fiscal year following the fiscal year in which the applicable
performance targets were achieved. Employee is not guaranteed any minimum Target Annual Bonus. This Agreement shall not affect Employee s
rights to any bonus or incentive compensation for calendar year 2020. 

(c)
 Vacation . Employee shall be entitled to six (6) weeks of paid vacation per year (prorated for partial years), to be accrued in
accordance with the Company s normal practices and to such paid holidays as are observed by the Company from time to time. Subject
to applicable law, paid vacation that is not used in a year may not be carried over to a subsequent year. For purposes of this Section
2(c), year means the 12-month period the Company uses administratively for purposes of vacation records. Employee s
vacation entitlement for the remainder of the current vacation year shall be reduced by the number of vacation days taken by Employee
during the current year before the date of this Agreement. 

2 

(d)
 Welfare and Retirement Benefits . Employee shall be eligible to participate in each of the Company s employee benefit plans
and programs, in accordance with the terms thereof, that the Company offers to similarly situated employees, if any, for so long as the
Company shall continue to offer said plans and programs, and subject to Employee s payment of any required contributions. 

(e)
 Company Obligations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, it is specifically understood and agreed that,
the Company shall not be obligated to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing any incentive, deferred
compensation, employee benefit, equity incentive or stock or stock option program or plan in accordance with their terms. 

(f)
 Tax Withholding . The Company shall withhold from any compensation, benefits or amounts payable under this Agreement all federal,
state, city or other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling. Except where the Company is so
required to withhold any such taxes, Employee shall be responsible for any and all federal, state, city or other taxes that arise out
of any compensation, benefits or amounts payable to Employee hereunder. 

(g)
 Car Allowance . The Company shall provide Employee with a 2,500.00 per month car allowance which shall be paid to Employee through
the Company s payroll system and reported as income on Employee s year-end W-2 Form. 

3.
 Expenses . During the Term, Employee shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable and documented business
expenses Employee incurs in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Company from time to time, provided that Employee
properly accounts therefor in accordance with Company policy, as may be amended from time to time. 

(a) Country
Club Membership . The parties acknowledge and agree that Employee is currently a member at the ______ County Club, which
membership dues for the 2021 calendar year total ___ per year, and at which Country Club Employee regularly entertains current and
prospective clients of the Company for business purposes. Employee shall have the right, but not the obligation. To convert
Employee s personal membership to a corporate membership in the Company s name, at which time all related membership and
other dues and expenses related to the corporate membership shall be paid for by the Company. In the alternative, Employee shall
have the right, to submit an amount equal to fifty percent (50 of Employee s monthly membership dues for reimbursement by
the Company as an approved business expense. 

4.
 Termination and Termination Compensation . 

(a)
 General . This Agreement and Employee s employment with the Company hereunder shall be terminated prior to the end of the
Term (i) automatically upon the death of Employee, (ii) at any time by the Company in the event of Employee s Disability, subject
to applicable law, (iii) voluntarily at any time by Employee upon ninety (90) days advance written notice to the Company, (iv)
by Employee for Good Reason (as defined below); or (v) by the Company for Cause (as defined below). 

3 

(b)
 Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement: 

(i)
 Cause means any of the following: (A) Employee s material negligence, failure to perform or misconduct in the performance
of the duties and services required of Employee pursuant to this Agreement, or breach of any material provision of this Agreement or
written rules or policies of the Company; (B) Employee s conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime constituting
(1) a felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or (2) a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit or dishonesty,
or conduct reasonably expected to result in such a conviction; (C) Employee engaging in fraudulent or criminal activity or misappropriation
relating to the scope of Employee s employment (whether or not prosecuted); (D) Employee s breach of any fiduciary duty owed
to the Company or its equity holders causing material harm to the Company or its equity holders; (E) habitual use of alcohol or drugs
(whether or not at the workplace) or other conduct, whether or not related to Employee s duties hereunder, that has a material
adverse effect on Employee s performance under this Agreement; (F) obtaining any material personal profit not disclosed to and
approved by the Board in connection with any transaction entered into by, or on behalf of, or in relation to, the Company or its subsidiaries;
or (G) conduct which results in, or is reasonably expected to result in, the public disgrace, disrepute or economic harm of the Company
or its subsidiaries in any material respect. Determination as to whether or not Cause exists for termination of Employee s employment
will be made by the Board in its reasonable discretion. In order for Employee to be terminated by the Company for Cause on account of
an action or event described in clause (A) above, (x) Employee must be notified by the Company in writing within thirty (30) days of
such event or action, and (y) the event or action must remain uncorrected by Employee for thirty (30) days following such notice (the
 Cause Notice Period 

(ii)
 Disability means, if the Company or any of its Affiliates sponsors a long-term disability plan that covers Employee, the
standard such long-term disability plan uses to determine a participant s eligibility for benefits. If Employee is not covered
by such a long-term disability plan, then Disability means Employee s physical or mental incapacity so as to be unable
to perform Employee s usual duties for the Company, and such incapacity is likely to be continuous for at least six (6) months
or permanent, as determined by the Board, and in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, and any state
anti-discrimination law, as applicable, or does continue for no less than 180 days in any consecutive 365-day period. 

(iii)
 Good Reason means any of the following: (A) a material breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement;
(B) a material diminution in Employee s overall authority, duties or responsibilities; or (C) the Company requiring Employee, without
Employee s prior consent, to physically relocate permanently more than 50 miles from Employee s permanent residence in Geneva,
Illinois, as of the date of this Agreement, excluding travel reasonably required in the performance of Employee s duties hereunder.
In order for Employee to resign for Good Reason, (x) the Company must be notified by Employee in writing within thirty (30) days of the
event constituting Good Reason, (y) the event must remain uncorrected by the Company for thirty (30) days following such notice (the
 Notice Period ), and (z) such resignation must occur within sixty (60) days after the expiration of the Notice Period. A
reduction of Employee s Base Salary by five percent or less, or a one-time across the board salary reduction affecting Employee
and other executives of the Company or its Affiliates on a proportional basis shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement by the
Company. 

(c)
 Termination by the Company for Cause or Resignation by Employee without Good Reason . 

(i)
If, prior to the end of the Term, the Company terminates this Agreement and Employee s employment hereunder for Cause or Employee
terminates this Agreement and his employment hereunder without Good Reason, Employee shall be entitled to receive only the following
compensation (collectively, the Accrued Rights ): 

(A)
The Base Salary through the date of termination within ten (10) days of the effective date of termination of employment. 

(B)
Payment of any Target Annual Bonus (as described in Section 2(b)) earned for the fiscal year prior to the fiscal year in which the termination
occurs that has not yet been paid upon the date set forth in Section 2(b) (Employee will not receive any Target Annual Bonus for the
year in which the Agreement is terminated). 

4 

(C)
Payment in respect of prorated vacation time (as described in Section 2(c)) accrued, but not used, during the year in which Employee
is terminated within ten (10) days of the effective date of termination. 

(D)
Such employee benefits, if any, as to which Employee may be entitled under the terms of the employee benefit plans of the Company (as
described in Section 2(d)). 

(E)
Such reimbursable business expenses as may be due and owing to Employee under Section 3, provided Employee (or Employee s estate,
in the case of Section 4(d)) submits a claim for such expenses within thirty (30) days after Employee s employment is terminated,
with payment made within ten (10) days of the submission by Employee of the claim for such expenses. 

(d)
 Termination as a result of Death or Disability . If, prior to the end of the Term, this Agreement and Employee s employment
hereunder are terminated because of Employee s death or Disability, Employee or Employee s estate, as the case may be, shall
receive as compensation the Accrued Rights. 

(e)
 Termination by the Company without Cause, by Employee for Good Reason or Company s failure to renew Term . 

(i)
If, prior to the end of the Term, the Company terminates this Agreement and Employee s employment hereunder without Cause (other
than by reason of Disability), if Employee terminates this Agreement and Employee s employment hereunder for Good Reason or if
the Company elects not to continue Employee s employment beyond the Initial Term or any then current Renewal Term as provided in
Section 1, the Employee shall receive the following compensation: 

(A)
The Accrued Rights (as modified in Section 4(e)(i)(C) below). 

(B)
Payment of a cash severance benefit equal to the Base Salary Employee would have earned, but for the termination, for twenty-four (24)
months following the date of termination, which payment shall, subject to the Company s receipt from Employee of the Release (as
defined below) no later than the Release Deadline (as defined below), be made in twenty-four (24) equal monthly payments, beginning on
the first payday that is at least seven (7) days after the Release Deadline (in accordance with the Company s normal payroll cycle)
and ending twenty-four (24) months after such first payment. 

(C)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payment of the Target Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which termination of
Employee s employment occurs, prorated to the number of days Employee was employed during such fiscal year, payable at the same
time the Target Annual Bonus would have been paid to Employee under Section 2(b) had Employee remained employed by the Company to the
first day of the fiscal year immediately following termination of employment. 

(D)
In the Company s sole discretion, either (I) continued enrollment, for a period of eighteen (18) months following the date of termination,
in the health care benefit plans of the Company in which Employee was enrolled as of immediately prior to termination, with all monthly
premiums (excluding any co-pay, co-insurance or deductible obligations) paid by the Company or, (II) for the twelve (12) month period
following the termination of Employee s employment, or such shorter period of time that Employee or any of Employee s dependents
is eligible for and elects continuation of group health coverage (in accordance with Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the Code ), or such other applicable law), an amount equal to the applicable COBRA premium during such period,
provided that Employee timely elects COBRA continuation coverage and pays the applicable premiums thereunder, and further provided that
any amounts payable to Employee hereunder shall be paid on an after-tax basis on the first regularly scheduled payroll date of each month
for which such amount is payable. For purposes of clarity, (i) Employee shall be responsible for paying and remitting all continuation
coverage premiums received pursuant to this Section 4(e)(i)(D)(II), even if the COBRA subsidy is received after the due date for remitting
COBRA premiums, and (ii) the Company will not remit or be obligated to remit any payment to the insurers or administrators of such coverage. 

5 

(ii)
As a condition to the receipt of the benefits set forth in clauses (i)(B) and (i)(C) of this Section 4(e), (A) Employee must execute,
and deliver to the Company no later than forty-five (45) days after the termination date (such 45th day, the Release Deadline ),
a release, in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto or such other generally similar form as the Company may require in its reasonable
discretion (the Release ), releasing the Company, and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, representatives, and
agents, from any and all claims and from any and all causes of action of any kind or character, including, but not limited to, all claims
and causes of action arising out of Employee s employment with the Company or the termination of such employment and (B) Employee
must not revoke such Release. 

(f)
 Additional Terms . 

(i)
Employee shall not be under any duty or obligation to seek or accept other employment following a termination of employment pursuant
to which a severance benefit payment under this Section 4 is owing, and the amounts due to Employee pursuant to Section 4 shall not be
reduced or suspended if Employee accepts subsequent employment or earns any amounts as a self-employed individual. 

(ii)
Nothing contained in this Section 4 shall be construed to be a waiver by Employee of any benefits accrued for or due to Employee under
any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Employees Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) maintained
by the Company. 

(iii)
The payment of any monies to Employee under this Agreement after the date of termination of Employee s employment does not
constitute an offer or a continuation of employment of Employee. In no event shall Employee represent or hold himself out to be an
employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates after the date of such termination. 

(v)
All compensation paid under this Section 4 shall be subject to applicable withholdings. 

(g)
 Resignations . Upon termination of Employee s employment hereunder for any reason, Employee shall resign, effective as of
the date of such termination and to the extent applicable, from any positions held with any Affiliates of the Company, however, may retain
any position on the Board of Directors. 

(h)
 Employee s Continuing Obligations . Unless otherwise provided herein, Termination of Employee s employment hereunder
for any reason shall not terminate Employee s obligations under Sections 4(i), 6, 7, 8, and 9 of this Agreement, each of which
shall survive such termination. 

(i)
 Assistance by Employee . During any period during which any severance benefits are being paid to Employee under this Agreement
after the date of termination, Employee shall provide to the Company reasonable levels of assistance in answering questions concerning
the business of the Company and its Affiliates, transition of responsibility, or litigation, provided that all out of pocket expenses
Employee reasonably incurs in connection with such assistance shall be fully and promptly reimbursed by the Company, and any such assistance
shall not interfere or conflict with the obligations which Employee may owe to any other employer. 

6 

5.
 Duties . During the Term, Employee shall serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, shall report to the Board, and shall
have such duties and authority as shall be determined from time to time by the Board. Employee agrees to serve in the assigned position
or in such other capacities as may be reasonably related to Employee s role as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and its subsidiaries
and as may be reasonably requested from time to time by the Company. Employee agrees to perform diligently and to the best of Employee s
abilities, and in a trustworthy, businesslike and efficient manner, the duties and services pertaining to the assigned position as reasonably
determined by the Company, as well as such additional or different duties and services appropriate to such positions which Employee from
time to time may be reasonably directed to perform by the Board. Employee shall at all times comply with and be subject to such policies
and procedures as the Company and its subsidiaries may establish from time to time. 

6.
 Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation . 

(a)
Employee acknowledges that the Company is a sales and service-related business with a legitimate business interest in maintaining its
customers and goodwill and protecting its trade secrets and other confidential information from disclosure or use for the benefit of
others. In light of the foregoing and as part of the consideration for Employee s continued employment and the compensation now
or hereafter paid to Employee, Employee agrees as follows: 

(i)
to the fullest extent permitted by law during Employee s employment with the Company, and after the date of termination of
Employee s employment for any reason, but not to exceed in any event seven (7) years from the Effective Date irrespective
of the date of termination of Employee s employment (the Non-Compete Period ), the Employee will not
directly or indirectly (for Employee s benefit or as an agent, consultant or employee of, or otherwise on behalf of, any
person) participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or be employed by, work for or provide consulting
services to, any person or entity that is engaged in, or attempting to engage in any business in which the Company or its Affiliates
is engaged or demonstrably has plans to engage as of the date of such termination, in the United States of America or any other
country or territory in which the Company engages in such business as of the date of such termination (the Restricted
Business ), provided, however that the foregoing shall not prohibit Employee from being a passive owner or investor of not
more than one percent of the equity securities of a publicly traded corporation engaged in the Restricted Business, so long as
Employee has no active participation in the business of such corporation; 

(ii)
during the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not directly or indirectly (for Employee s benefit or as an agent, consultant or employee
of, or otherwise on behalf of, any person) solicit the employment or services of any Person Employed by the Company, hire any Person
Employed by the Company, or induce, facilitate, aid or encourage any Person Employed by the Company (A) to discontinue his or her employment
with the Company or any of its Affiliates, (B) to interfere with the activities or businesses of the Company or its Affiliates or (C)
to engage in any of conduct that, if engaged in by Employee, would violate Section 6(a)(i) of this Agreement; provided, however, that
a general solicitation through the media or by a search firm, in either case, that is not directed specifically to any Person Employed
by the Company will not be a breach of the restrictions in this Section 6(a)(ii) unless such solicitation is undertaken as a means to
circumvent the restrictions contained in this Agreement. For purposes of this Section 6, the term Person Employed by the Company 
means any person who is or was an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates at the time of, or within the six (6) months preceding
the applicable restricted or prohibited conduct; and 

7 

(iii)
during the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not directly or indirectly (for Employee s benefit or as an agent, consultant or employee
of, or otherwise on behalf of, any person) solicit, influence or attempt to influence any customers, distributors, vendors, licensors
or suppliers of the Company or any of its Affiliates with whom Employee had contact during Employee s employment to divert all
or any part of their business from the Company or its subsidiaries to any other person or entity or in any way interfere with the relationship
between any such customer, distributor, vendor, licensor or supplier and the Company or its Affiliates (including, without limitation,
making any negative statements or communications about the Company or its Affiliates). 

(b)
Employee understands that the restrictions in Sections 6 and 7 of this Agreement may limit Employee s ability to earn a livelihood
in a business similar to the business in which Employee is presently involved, but agrees and hereby acknowledges that, as a member of
the management group of the Company: (i) such provisions do not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill
or other business interests of the Company; (ii) such provisions contain reasonable limitations as to time, scope of activity, and geographical
area to be restrained; and (iii) the consideration provided under this Agreement, including without limitation, any amounts or benefits
provided under Sections 2 and 4 of this Agreement, is sufficient to compensate Employee for the restrictions contained in Section 6 and
7 of this Agreement. In consideration of the foregoing and in light of Employee s education, experience, skills and abilities,
Employee agrees that Employee will not assert that, and it should not be considered that, any provisions of Sections 6 or 7 otherwise
are void, voidable or unenforceable or should be voided or held unenforceable. If, at the time of enforcement of Section 6 or 7 of this
Agreement, a court shall hold that the duration, scope, or area restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then
existing, the parties hereto agree that the maximum period, scope or geographical area reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted
for the stated period, scope or area and that the court shall be allowed and directed to revise the restrictions contained herein to
cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by law. 

(c)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6, if the Company fails to pay any amounts due to Employee under Section 4(c),
Section 4(d) or Section 4(e)_on or after termination of Employee s employment, and such default is not cured within ten (10) days
after such payment is due, then Employee shall thereafter be relieved of and no longer be bound by any of the provisions of this Section
6. The application of this Section 6(c) shall not constitute a waiver by Employee of any other rights or remedies for failure to pay
any amounts due to Employee under Section 4(c), Section 4(d) or Section 4(e). 

7.
 Trade Secrets and Confidential Information . 

(a)
Employee s employment with the Company creates a relationship of trust and confidence between the parties. Employee, during the
term of employment under this Agreement, will have access to and become familiar with various trade secrets and other confidential information
which are owned by, or otherwise are the exclusive property of, the Company or its subsidiaries and which, by way of illustration, but
not limitation, include formulas, devices, processes, data, know-how, patents and other intellectual property, customer lists (names
and addresses), customer data, compilations of information, price lists, rate structures, records (including customer service records),
inventions, improvements, techniques, marketing plans, product plans, strategies, forecasts, specifications, information relating to
the products, sales, services and business affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries or any customer or supplier of the Company or
its subsidiaries, any information created, discovered or developed by or for the Company or its subsidiaries, or acquired by the Company
or its subsidiaries, that has commercial value in the Company s or its subsidiaries present or future businesses, specifications
and any other information Employee has reason to know the Company or its subsidiaries would like to treat as confidential for any purpose
(collectively the Trade Secrets and Confidential Information ). 

8 

(b)
Employee agrees that, during and after Employee s employment with the Company, Employee will not use or disclose, or allow anyone
else to use or disclose, any Trade Secrets or Confidential Information, except as may be necessary in the performance of Employee s
employment with the Company or as may be authorized in advance in writing by appropriate officials of the Company. Employee agrees to
keep all Trade Secrets and Confidential Information secret whether or not any document containing such information is marked confidential. 

(c)
Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) nothing contained in this Agreement limits Employee s ability to file a charge
or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission Government
Agencies ); (ii) this Agreement does not limit Employee s ability to communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise
participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other
information, without notice to the Company; and (iii) this Agreement does not limit Employee s right to receive an award for information
provided to any Government Agencies. 

8.
 Company Property . All rights, title and interest in all records, documents or files concerning the business of the Company or
its Affiliates, including, but not limited to, customer data, materials, processes, letters, Trade Secrets and Confidential Information,
or other written or electronically recorded material, whether or not produced by Employee, shall be and remain the property of the Company
and its Affiliates. Upon termination of employment, Employee shall not have the right to remove any such records from the offices or
premises of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. In addition, Employee agrees to return promptly to the Company all property that
belongs to the Company or its subsidiaries and all records (in whatsoever form, format or medium) containing or related to Trade Secrets
and Confidential Information. 

9.
 Assignment and Disclosure of Inventions . 

(a)
Employee agrees to assign, and does hereby assign to the Company, all of his right, title and interest in and to all ideas,
inventions, improvements, discoveries or technical developments, including software and applications, whether or not patentable,
which he solely or jointly with others, may conceive or reduce to practice during the term of his employment (i) which are related
in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, to the Company s or its subsidiaries product line or services, research
and development, or field of technological or industrial specialization, or (ii) in the course of utilization by the Company of
Employee s services in a technical or professional capacity in the areas of research, development, marketing, management,
engineering or manufacturing, or (iii) pursuant to any project of which Employee is or was a participant or member that is or was
either financed or directed by the Company or its subsidiaries, or (iv) at the Company s or its subsidiaries expense, in
whole or in part (collectively Inventions ). 

(b)
Employee agrees to disclose promptly to the Board or its designee, all Inventions and to cooperate fully with the Company, both during
and after employment, with respect to the procurement of patents, copyrights or other rights or protections for the establishment and
maintenance of the Company s or its designee s rights and interests in said Inventions, and to sign all papers which the
Company may deem necessary or desirable for the purpose of vesting the Company or its designees with such rights, the expenses thereof
to be paid by the Company. 

9 

(c)
In the event the Company is unable to secure Employee s signature on any document necessary to apply for, prosecute, obtain, or
enforce any patent, copyright, or other right or protection relating to any Invention, whether due to mental or physical incapacity or
any other cause (including Employee s unwillingness), Employee hereby irrevocably, and in all jurisdictions for which this power
of attorney may be necessary, designates and appoints the Company, and each of its duly authorized officers and agents, as Employee s
agent and attorney-in-fact to act for, and on Employee s behalf and stead, to execute and file any such document and to do all
other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution, issuance, and enforcement of patents, copyrights, or other rights or protections
with the same force and effect as if executed and delivered by Employee, and such appointment is acknowledged by Employee to be coupled
with an interest and, therefore, is irrevocable. 

10.
 Full Time Employment; Conflicts of Interest . Employee shall, while employed by the Company, devote Employee s best efforts
and his full time to the business of the Company and will not, without the express written permission of the Company, engage in any other
business or activity for compensation or profit, whether as owner, employee, consultant or otherwise, except for the following activities,
provided that they do not create a conflict of interest or otherwise interfere with the performance of Employee s obligations under
this Agreement: (a) management of Employee s personal and family financial affairs and (b) service on the board of directors of
charitable or other non-profit entities. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee owes a fiduciary duty of loyalty, fidelity, and
allegiance to act at all times in the best interests of the Company and to do no act which would, directly or indirectly, injure the
Company s or its Affiliates business, interests, or reputation. It is agreed that any direct or indirect interest in, connection
with, or benefit from any outside activities, particularly commercial activities, which interest might in any way adversely affect the
Company or its Affiliates, involves a possible conflict of interest. In keeping with Employee s fiduciary duties to the Company,
Employee agrees that Employee shall not become involved in a conflict of interest with the Company or any of its Affiliates, or upon
discovery thereof, allow such a conflict to continue. Moreover, Employee shall not engage in any activity that might involve a possible
conflict of interest without first obtaining approval in accordance with the Company s policies and procedures. 

11.
 Injunction . In the event of a breach or a threatened breach of the provisions in this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled
to specific performance, including, without limitation, an injunction restraining such breach, it being recognized that any injury arising
from a breach would be irreparable and would have no adequate remedy at law; but nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting the
Company from enforcing its rights under this Agreement (which are not intended to be exclusive) or from pursuing any other remedy available
for such breach or threatened breach at law or in equity. Either party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for temporary or
preliminary injunctive relief pending determination of the dispute on the merits. In addition, in the event of an alleged breach or violation
by Employee of Section 6 of this Agreement, the applicable Non-Compete Period set forth therein shall be tolled until such breach or
violation has been cured. In the event that an action is commenced due to an actual, alleged or threatened breach of this Agreement,
all costs of the dispute resolution contemplated by this Section 11 (including, without limitation, the attorneys fees of the
parties) shall be borne by the party who is the least successful in such dispute resolution, which shall be determined by the court or
other presiding party of competent jurisdiction for the controversy, dispute or claim in its resolution by comparing (a) the position
asserted by each party on all disputed matters taken together to (b) the final decision of such presiding party on all disputed matters
taken together. 

12.
 Separateness; Construction . It is a desire and intent of the parties that the terms, provisions, covenants, and remedies contained
in this Agreement shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If any provision or clause of this Agreement, or portion
thereof shall be held by any court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable in such jurisdiction,
the remainder of such provision shall not be thereby affected and shall be given full effect, without regard to the invalid portion.
It is the intention of the parties that, if any court construes any provision or clause of this Agreement, or any portion thereof, to
be illegal, void or unenforceable because of the duration of such provision or the area or matter covered thereby, such court shall reduce
the duration, area, or matter of such provision, and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable and shall be enforced. 

10 

13. Governing
Law; Venue . This Agreement, its negotiation and any claims, disputes or causes of action relating hereto or thereto shall be
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois without giving effect to any rule or principle that
would otherwise require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Each of the parties to this Agreement hereby agrees
that the state and federal courts of Kane County, Illinois shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any claims or
disputes hereto pertaining directly or indirectly to this Agreement, and the parties hereby waive any objection that they may have
to such venue, including but not limited to objections based on lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or inconvenience of
the forum. 

14.
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, contains the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the terms of Employee s
employment, non-competition, trade secrets and confidential documents and information of the Company and its Affiliates and supersedes
any previous employment agreements or offer letters and any oral agreements, understandings or correspondence relating to Employee s
employment with the Company. No modification of this Agreement shall be binding upon the parties unless the same is in writing signed
by the respective parties. This Agreement and all of the terms and conditions contained herein shall remain in full force during the
period of Employee s employment, in whatever capacity, notwithstanding any change in compensation. 

15.
 Assignment . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, its successors in interest, or any other
person, association, or entity which may hereafter acquire or succeed to all or substantially all of the business assets of the Company
by any means, whether indirectly or directly, and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise. Employee expressly consents
to assignment of this Agreement in connection with any such acquisition or succession, and no such assignment shall relieve Employee
of any of his obligations under this Agreement. Employee s rights and obligations under this Agreement are personal and such rights,
benefits, and obligations of Employee shall not be voluntarily or involuntarily assigned, alienated, or transferred by Employee, whether
by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Company. 

16.
 Waiver . No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice of any breach by the other party of, or to require compliance
with, any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the
same or at any prior or subsequent time. 

17.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and may transmitted in person or electronically (including
by facsimile or e-mail), each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

18.
 Code Section 409A . 

(a)
The provisions of this Agreement will be administered, interpreted and construed in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A of
the Code of 1986, as amended Section 409A ), the regulations issued thereunder or any exception thereto (or
disregarded to the extent such provision cannot be so administered, interpreted, or construed). If the Company determines in good
faith that any amounts to be paid to Employee under this Agreement are subject to Section 409A, then the Company may, to the extent
necessary, adjust the form and/or the timing of such payments as determined to be necessary or advisable to be in compliance with
Section 409A. If any payment must be delayed to comply with Section 409A, then the deferred payment will be paid at the earliest
practicable date permitted by Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of this agreement to the contrary, Employee acknowledges
and agrees that the Company shall not be liable for, and nothing provided or contained in this agreement will be construed to
obligate or cause the Company to be liable for, any tax, interest or penalties imposed on Employee related to or arising with
respect to any violation of Section 409A. 

11 

(b)
For purposes of Section 409A, each severance payment, including each individual installment payment, shall be treated as a separate
payment. Each payment is intended to be excepted from Section 409A to the maximum extent provided under Section 409A as follows: (i)
each payment that is scheduled to be made following the termination of Employee s employment and within the applicable 2 1/2
month period specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-l(b)(4) is intended to be excepted under the short-term deferral exception as
specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-l(b)(4); and (ii) to the extent possible, payments are made as a result of an involuntary
separation, each payment that is not otherwise excepted under the short-term deferral exception is intended to be excepted under the
involuntary separation pay exception as specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-l(b)(9)(iii). Employee shall have no right to
designate the date of any payment hereunder. 

(c)
For purposes of this Agreement, Employee will be considered to have experienced a termination of employment only if Employee has
separated from service with the Company and all of its controlled group members within the meaning of Section 409A. For purposes hereof,
the determination of controlled group members shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Section 414(b) and 414(c) of the Code; provided
that the language at least 50 percent shall be used instead of at least 80 percent in each place it appears
in Section 1563(a)(l), (2) and (3) of the Code and Treas. Reg. 1.414(c)-2. Whether Employee has separated from service will be
determined based on all of the facts and circumstances and in accordance with the guidance issued under Section 409A. 

(d)
To the extent Employee is entitled to taxable reimbursements, such reimbursements shall be made only in accordance with the following
conditions: the reimbursements shall be made on or before the last day of Employee s taxable year following the taxable year in
which the expense was incurred; the amount of reimbursements in one taxable year will not affect the amount of reimbursement available
in another taxable year; and the right to reimbursements shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. To the
extent the Company provides taxable fringe benefits to Employee, the Company shall annually impute the value of such benefits to Employee. 

19.
 280G . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that any of the payments and benefits provided
for under this Agreement, together with any payments or benefits under any other agreement or arrangement between the Company or its
affiliates and Employee (the Payments ), would otherwise constitute a parachute payment within the meaning
of Section 280G of the Code, then, absent shareholder approval pursuant to the following sentence, the Payments shall be reduced to the
extent necessary, so that, after taking into account all applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed
by Section 4999 of the Code, Employee is in receipt of the greatest after-tax amount of such Payments, notwithstanding that all or a
portion of such Payments may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. In the event that the Payments would otherwise be limited pursuant
to the preceding sentence, the Company and its affiliates shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to seek shareholder approval
pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.280G-l (Q A 7) to approve the full amount of the Payments due under this Agreement (without
respect to the limitation imposed in the preceding sentence); provided, however, that in such event Employee shall reasonably cooperate
with the Company and its affiliates and shall take all actions and execute such documents and instruments as shall be reasonably necessary
to satisfy the requirements of the shareholder approval exception of Treasury Regulations Section 1.280G-l (Q A 7), and further provided
that no shareholder shall be obligated to vote in favor of any Payments described in this provision. 

12 

20. Legal
Representation . The Company and Employee acknowledge and agree that each have requested the firm of ICE MILLER LLP to prepare
this Agreement based on the instructions provided by both parties to ICE MILLER LLP, and thus ICE MILLER LLP is acting as a
 scrivener and is not representing either party with respect to the preparation of this Agreement. Both the Company and
Employee have the opportunity to have separate legal counsel of their own choosing with respect to this Agreement but have
determined not to do so. 

[Signature
page follows.] 

13 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Agreement as of the date set forth above. 

Spectrum Global
 Solutions, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Daniel Sullivan 

Name: 
 Daniel Sullivan 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Employee: 

Mark W. Porter 

[Signature
Page to Employment Agreement] 

EXHIBIT
A 

TARGET
ANNUAL BONUS TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

If
the company is profitable on an operating income basis, as defined by income from operations, excluding any financing fees such as factoring
that may impact EBITDA, and excluding any one time fees related to financing and legal from sale or acquisition of assets, and corporate
overhead defined as expenses related to maintaining SGSI as the public parent holding company, Porter shall be entitled to a minimum
of 250,000.00 bonus paid in cash. Porter may elect to take the bonus in Restricted Stock Units (RSU) at his sole discretion. RSU will
be issued at the average trading price for the 10 days prior to the date of issuance which shall be not less than 30 days from the end
of the fiscal year. 

Further,
Porter shall be paid an additional cash bonus equal to 3 of EBITDA every quarter. This bonus will be paid within 45 days of the end
of each quarter. Porter may elect, at his sole discretion, to take the bonus in stock or a combination of cash and stock. Stock
price shall be equal to the average trading price for the 10 days prior to the date of issuance. 

EXHIBIT
B 

FORM
OF RELEASE 

This
Release is given by the undersigned Employee in accordance with that certain Employment Agreement between Employee
and HWN, Inc. (the Company dated ___________ ___, 20__(the Employment Agreement ), and in exchange for the
consideration provided for therein. 

Employee
acknowledges that _______________ ___, 20__was Employee s last day of employment with the Company, for all purposes, including
employee compensation and benefits. 

Employee,
on his own behalf and on behalf of his heirs, assigns, beneficiaries, spouses, personal representatives, executors, agents, and attorneys,
hereby releases, acquits and forever discharges the Company, its respective subsidiaries and affiliated entities, and their respective
officers, directors, agents, representatives, managers, attorneys, employees, stockholders, partners, members, principals, successors
and assigns (collectively, the Company Released Parties of and from any and all known or unknown claims, liabilities,
demands, causes of action, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, damages, indemnities and obligations of every kind and nature, in
law, equity, or otherwise, liquidated or contingent, arising out of or in any way related to agreements, events, acts or conduct at any
time prior to and including the date of this release, including, but not limited to, those arising out of or in any way connected with
Employee s relationship with the Company or the conclusion of that relationship; claims or demands related to salary, bonuses,
commissions, stock, stock options, other equity, or any ownership interests in the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliated
entities, vacation pay, personal time off, fringe benefits, expense reimbursements, sabbatical benefits, severance benefits, or any other
form of compensation; claims pursuant to any federal, any state or any local law, statute, common law or cause of action including, but
not limited to, the Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Age Discrimination
in Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, the Older Workers Benefits Protection Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining
Notification Act, the Equal Pay Act, and the Rehabilitation Act and the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 (in each case as amended);
tort law; contract law; wrongful discharge; discrimination; harassment; fraud; defamation; libel; emotional distress; and breach of the
implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. 

Employee
acknowledges and agrees that Employee is releasing both known and unknown claims and waives the benefit of any statute purporting to
prevent Employee from releasing unknown claims. 

Employee
agrees that (a) this release is supported by valid consideration bargained for at arm s length, including, without limitation,
the payment of certain severance, and that such severance, which Employee will receive in exchange for signing and not later revoking
this release, is in addition to anything of value to which Employee is already entitled, and (b) in the event Employee brings a claim
covered by this release in which Employee seeks damages against any of the Company Released Parties or in the event Employee seeks to
recover against any of the Company Released Parties in any claim that is not an Excluded Claim brought by a government agency on his
behalf, this release shall serve as a complete defense to such claims. Employee represents and warrants that Employee has not filed any
complaints, charges or lawsuits against any of the Company Released Parties concerning any matter as to which Employee has granted a
release hereunder with any local, state or federal agency or court and that Employee covenants not to do so any time hereafter concerning
any matter as to which Employee has granted a release hereunder, excluding the filing of any claims which Employee cannot legally waive,
including any right to file a charge with a governmental agency or participate in or cooperate with (including providing documents or
other information, without notice to the Company) a governmental agency investigation that cannot legally be waived (each an Excluded
Claim ). Employee acknowledges that any breach of this covenant makes Employee liable for damages thereby, and that if any agency
or court assumes jurisdiction of any complaint, charge or lawsuit (including, without limitation, any class action covering Employee
as a class member against any Company Released Party on behalf of Employee), Employee will request that such agency or court withdraw
from the matter and will not accept, either directly or indirectly, any remedy obtained through the efforts of any such agency. This
release does not prohibit Employee from cooperating with any public, private or governmental agency investigating or bringing claims
against any Company Released Party. This release does not prohibit Employee from disclosing or reporting any matters that Employee is
required by law to disclose or report to such agency or from bringing suit to challenge the effectiveness of a release of age discrimination
claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended. This release does not include claims that arise after Employee
signs this release, claims for vested pension benefits, claims for workers compensation benefits or unemployment compensation
benefits, or other claims that cannot lawfully be released by private agreement. 

This
Release does not affect any claims Employee may have against any of the Company Released Parties (a) relating to any rights to indemnification,
reimbursement or payment under any insurance policies maintained by or relating to the Company for coverage of Employee s liability
as a director or officer of the Company; (b) relating to payment of current payroll and benefits accrued in the ordinary course of business
but unpaid in respect of Employee s employment by the Company; (c) any right or claims that Employee may have to continued participation
in the Company s health plans pursuant to the terms and conditions of COBRA and (d) relating to any rights Employee has with respect
to equity interests in the Company or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries. 

Employee
acknowledges that Employee has been given at least forty-five (45) days to consider this release thoroughly and that, by this
release, Employee has been advised to consult with Employee s personal attorney before signing below. If Employee signs and
returns this release before the end of the forty-five (45) day period, Employee agrees that Employee s acceptance of a
shortened time period is knowing and voluntary, and that the Company Released Parties (or any of them) did not, through fraud,
misrepresentation, a threat to withdraw or alter the offer before the consideration period expires or otherwise, improperly
encourage Employee to sign. 

Employee
understands that Employee may revoke this release within seven (7) days after Employee signs it and that any revocation must be made
in writing and submitted within such seven (7) day period to the Company. Employee further understands that if Employee revokes this
release, Employee shall not be entitled to receive any of the severance benefit provided in Section 4(e)(i)(B) and (C) of the Employment
Agreement. Employee understands that if Employee does not revoke this release within the seven (7) day period, it becomes irrevocable.
Following the expiration of the revocation period and provided that Employee has not revoked the release, the severance benefit will
be paid to Employee, less all applicable required withholdings, in accordance with the Employment Agreement. 

Employee
further acknowledges and agrees that if any provision of this release is found, held, or deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be void, unlawful or unenforceable under any applicable statute or controlling law, then (i) the remainder of this release shall continue
in full force and effect, (ii) any such court is expressly authorized to modify any such void, unlawful or unenforceable provision of
this Release in lieu of severing such provision from this Release in its entirety, whether by rewriting the offending provision, deleting
any or all of the offending provision, adding additional language to this Release or by making such other modifications as it deems warranted
to carry out the intent and agreement of Employee as embodied herein to the maximum extent permitted by law, and (iii) upon the request
of any of the Company Released Parties, Employee shall execute a general release that is deemed valid and enforceable. 

This
Release shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without giving effect to any conflict of
law principle that would otherwise require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Employee agrees that, in the event
of a breach or threatened breach by Employee of any provision of this Release, the Company shall be entitled to seek equitable relief
in addition to monetary damages or other forms of relief. 

Name: Mark
 Porter 

Date: 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-7_highwire.htm
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 31, 2023, BY AND BETWEEN HIGH WIRE NETWORKS, INC. AND STEPHEN LAMARCHE

Exhibit
10.7 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement ), dated as of the 31st day of January, 2023 (the Effective
Date ), is made and entered into by and between High Wire Networks, Inc., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter referred to as the
 Company ), located at 30 North Lincoln St, Batavia, IL 60510 and Stephen LaMarche of 9 Charing Cross, Lynnfield, MA 01940
(hereinafter referred to as Employee (collectively, the Parties ). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, 
Company provides technology installation services, managed cyber security services, and staffing to the technology industry in North America,
and abroad for US based organizations Business ). The definition of Business shall be deemed amended automatically
to reflect any actual change in the Business after the Effective Date but prior to the date on which Employee ceases to be employed
by Company; 

WHEREAS,
 Employee is or will be one of Company s key executive team members, with access to virtually all of Company s Confidential
Information, and with duties and responsibilities coextensive with virtually the entire actual and prospective scope of the Business.
In Employee s trusted role with Company, Employee has or will develop substantial business knowledge and expertise in the conduct of the
Business and other Confidential Information; 

WHEREAS,
 Employee recognizes and agrees that the enforceability of this Agreement and Employee s agreement to be bound by the terms
and conditions contained in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the restrictive covenants (to the extent such covenants apply
to Employee, as set forth herein), are essential for the protection of the Business, for the protection of Company s goodwill and to prevent
unfair competition and the improper use or disclosure of Confidential Information (including trade secrets); 

WHEREAS,
 Employee recognizes that Company would not have agreed to employ or continue to employ Employee but for Employee s agreement
to enter into and abide by the terms of this Agreement and that Employee acknowledges he is receiving good and adequate consideration
in connection with this Agreement; and 

WHEREAS,
 Company has several divisions, subsidiaries, and certain relationships with related companies and other affiliates, joint venture
partners, or other entities licensed to use Company s technology (each, an Affiliate ). To the extent Employee is assigned
to an Affiliate by Company, performs services for an Affiliate, and/or has access to confidential or proprietary information of an Affiliate,
the Company as used in this Agreement only, shall be deemed to include not only High Wire Networks, Inc., but shall also be
deemed to include any other Affiliate to which Employee is assigned, for which Employee performs any services, and/or about which Employee
is exposed to confidential or proprietary information during Employee s employment relationship with Company. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of Employee s continued employment as Chief Operating Officer of the Company, the payment of compensation
and benefits for such employment, and in recognition of the fact that Employee will have access to Trade Secrets and Confidential Information
(as defined below) of the Company and its affiliates and customers, Employee and the Company hereby acknowledge, represent and agree as
follows: 

1. Term .
The Initial Term of this Agreement shall be deemed to have begun on the Effective Date and shall continue until March 1, 2026
thereafter, unless terminated sooner in accordance with Section 4 below. This Agreement and Employee s employment shall be extended for
additional consecutive periods of two (2) years after the Initial Term (each a Renewal Term unless either the Company or
Employee delivers written notice to other electing not to continue Employee s employment beyond the Initial Term or the then current Renewal
Term, as applicable, no later than ninety days prior to the end of the Initial Term or then current Renewal Term, as applicable. The Initial
Term and all Renewal Terms are referred to collectively herein as the Term. 

2. Compensation. During the Term, Employee shall receive the following compensation: 

(a) Base
Salary . The Company shall pay Employee, as President and Chief Executive Officer, an annual salary of 360,000.00 (the Base
Salary ), paid in installments in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices (subject to appropriate withholdings). The
Company may, in the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), review and increase, but not decrease,
Employee s Base Salary from time to time. Solely at Employee s discretion, Employee may, but is not required to, agree to accept a lesser
annual salary if in Employee s opinion, doing so would further the Company s future business plans for growth or other opportunity. 

(b) Target
Annual Bonus. Employee shall be eligible to receive additional compensation in the form of an annual cash bonus (the Target
Annual Bonus based on the Company s achievement of certain performance targets and subject in all respects to the specific terms
and conditions set forth on Exhibit A hereto. All determinations relating to the performance targets applicable to the Target Annual
Bonus for each year shall be made in the discretion of the Board or such person or committee to which such authority has been granted
by the Board, with input from Employee, and the extent to which such targets have been achieved for each year shall be made in the reasonable
discretion of the Board. The performance targets for calendar year 2023 are set forth on Exhibit A and for such year may not be
amended without the written consent of Employee. Exhibit A shall be amended for each year subsequent to 2023 based on the determination
of the Board or committee as provided above. The amount of the Target Annual Bonus that will be earned if all performance targets are
achieved for each year (the Target Annual Bonus Percentage shall be set forth on Exhibit A, 
which may not be less than five percent (5 of EBITDA for the applicable year, and once established for any year such Target Annual Bonus
Percentage may not be decreased without the written consent of Employee. Subject to Section 4(e)(i)(C), each Target Annual Bonus, if any,
shall be awarded in, and is conditioned upon Employee s employment on the first day of the fiscal year immediately following the fiscal
year in which the applicable performance targets were achieved, and shall be paid on the earlier of (i)
 the date that is thirty (30) days after the Company receives from its auditors the final audited financial statements of the Company
for the fiscal year in which the applicable performance targets were achieved, and (ii) March 31 of the fiscal year following the fiscal
year in which the applicable performance targets were achieved. Employee is not guaranteed any minimum Target Annual Bonus. This Agreement
shall not affect Employee s rights to any bonus or incentive compensation for calendar year 2020. 

(c) Vacation. 
Employee shall be entitled to six (6) weeks of paid vacation per year (prorated for partial years), to be accrued in accordance with the
Company s normal practices and to such paid holidays as are observed by the Company from time to time. Subject to applicable law, paid
vacation that is not used in a year may not be carried over to a subsequent year. For purposes of this Section 2(c), year 
means the 12-month period the Company uses administratively for purposes of vacation records. Employee s vacation entitlement for the
remainder of the current vacation year shall be reduced by the number of vacation days taken by Employee during the current year before
the date of this Agreement. 

(d) Welfare
and Retirement Benefits. Employee shall be eligible to participate in each of the Company s employee benefit plans and programs,
in accordance with the terms thereof, that the Company offers to similarly situated employees, if any, for so long as the Company
shall continue to offer said plans and programs, and subject to Employee s payment of any required contributions. 

2 

(e) Company
Obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, it is specifically understood and agreed that, the Company
shall not be obligated to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing any incentive, deferred compensation,
employee benefit, equity incentive or stock or stock option program or plan in accordance with their terms. 

(f) Tax
Withholding. The Company shall withhold from any compensation, benefits or amounts payable under this Agreement all federal, state,
city or other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling. Except where the Company is so required
to withhold any such taxes, Employee shall be responsible for any and all federal, state, city or other taxes that arise out of any compensation,
benefits or amounts payable to Employee hereunder. 

(g) Car
Allowance. The Company shall provide Employee with a 2,500.00 per month car allowance which shall be paid to Employee through the
Company s payroll system and reported as income on Employee s year-end W-2 Form. 

3. Expenses. 
During the Term, Employee shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable and documented business expenses Employee
incurs in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Company from time to time, provided that Employee properly accounts
therefor in accordance with Company policy, as may be amended from time to time. 

4. Termination and Termination Compensation. 

(a) General. This
Agreement and Employee s employment with the Company hereunder shall be terminated prior to the end of the Term (i) automatically
upon the death of Employee, (ii) at any time by the Company in the event of Employee s Disability, subject to applicable law, (iii)
voluntarily at any time by Employee upon ninety (90) days advance written notice to the Company, (iv) by Employee for Good Reason
(as defined below); or (v) by the Company for Cause (as defined below). 

(b) Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(i) Cause 
means any of the following: (A) Employee s material negligence, failure to perform or misconduct in the performance of the duties
and services required of Employee pursuant to this Agreement, or breach of any material provision of this Agreement or written rules
or policies of the Company; (B) Employee s conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to
a crime constituting (1) a felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or (2) a misdemeanor involving moral
turpitude, deceit or dishonesty, or conduct reasonably expected to result in such a conviction; (C) Employee engaging in fraudulent
or criminal activity or misappropriation relating to the scope of Employee s employment (whether or not prosecuted); (D) Employee s
breach of any fiduciary duty owed to the Company or its equity holders causing material harm to the Company or its equity holders; (E)
habitual use of alcohol or drugs (whether or not at the workplace) or other conduct, whether or not related to Employee s duties
hereunder, that has a material adverse effect on Employee s performance under this Agreement; (F) obtaining any material personal
profit not disclosed to and approved by the Board in connection with any transaction entered into by, or on behalf of, or in
relation to, the Company or its subsidiaries; or (G) conduct which results in, or is reasonably expected to result in, the public
disgrace, disrepute or economic harm of the Company or its subsidiaries in any material respect. Determination as to whether or not
Cause exists for termination of Employee s employment will be made by the Board in its reasonable discretion. In order for Employee
to be terminated by the Company for Cause on account of an action or event described in clause (A) above, (x) Employee must be
notified by the Company in writing within thirty (30) days of such event or action, and (y) the event or action must remain
uncorrected by Employee for thirty (30) days following such notice (the Cause Notice Period 

3 

(ii) Disability 
means, if the Company or any of its Affiliates sponsors a long-term disability plan that covers Employee, the standard such long-term
disability plan uses to determine a participant s eligibility for benefits. If Employee is not covered by such a long-term disability
plan, then Disability means Employee s physical or mental incapacity so as to be unable to perform Employee s usual duties
for the Company, and such incapacity is likely to be continuous for at least six (6) months or permanent, as determined by the Board,
and in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, and any state anti-discrimination law, as applicable,
or does continue for no less than 180 days in any consecutive 365-day period. 

(iii) Good
Reason means any of the following: (A) a material breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement; (B) a material
diminution in Employee s overall authority, duties or responsibilities; or (C) the Company requiring Employee, without Employee s prior
consent, to physically relocate permanently more than 50 miles from Employee s permanent residence in Geneva, Illinois, as of the date
of this Agreement, excluding travel reasonably required in the performance of Employee s duties hereunder. In order for Employee to resign
for Good Reason, (x) the Company must be notified by Employee in writing within thirty (30) days of the event constituting Good Reason,
(y) the event must remain uncorrected by the Company for thirty (30) days following such notice (the Notice Period ), and (z)
such resignation must occur within sixty (60) days after the expiration of the Notice Period. A reduction of Employee s Base Salary by
five percent or less, or a one-time across the board salary reduction affecting Employee and other executives of the Company or its Affiliates
on a proportional basis shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement by the Company. 

(c) Termination by the
Company for Cause or Resignation by Employee without Good Reason. 

(i) If, 
prior to the end of the Term, the Company terminates this Agreement and Employee s employment hereunder for Cause or Employee terminates
this Agreement and his employment hereunder without Good Reason, Employee shall be entitled to receive only the following compensation
(collectively, the Accrued Rights ): 

(A) The
Base Salary through the date of termination within ten (10) days of the effective date of termination of employment. 

(B) Payment
of any Target Annual Bonus (as described in Section 2(b)) earned for the fiscal year prior to the fiscal year in which the termination
occurs that has not yet been paid upon the date set forth in Section 2(b) (Employee will not receive any Target Annual Bonus for the year
in which the Agreement is terminated). 

(C) Payment
in respect of prorated vacation time (as described in Section 2(c)) accrued, but not used, during the year in which Employee is terminated
within ten (10) days of the effective date of termination. 

(D) Such
employee benefits, if any, as to which Employee may be entitled under the terms of the employee benefit plans of the Company (as described
in Section 2(d)). 

(E) Such
reimbursable business expenses as may be due and owing to Employee under Section 3, provided Employee (or Employee s estate, in the case
of Section 4(d)) submits a claim for such expenses within thirty (30) days after Employee s employment is terminated, with payment made
within ten (10) days of the submission by Employee of the claim for such expenses. 

(d) Termination
as a result of Death or Disability. If, prior to
the end of the Term, this Agreement and Employee s employment hereunder are terminated because of Employee s death or Disability, Employee
or Employee s estate, as the case may be, shall receive as compensation the Accrued Rights. 

4 

(e) Termination
by the Company without Cause, by Employee for Good Reason or Company s failure to renew Term . 

(i) If,
 prior to the end of the Term, the Company terminates this Agreement and Employee s employment hereunder without Cause (other than
by reason of Disability), if Employee terminates this Agreement and Employee s employment hereunder for Good Reason or if the Company
elects not to continue Employee s employment beyond the Initial Term or any then current Renewal Term as provided in Section 1, the Employee
shall receive the following compensation: 

(A) The Accrued Rights (as modified in Section 4(e)(i)(C) below). 

(B) Payment
of a cash severance benefit equal to the Base Salary Employee would have earned, but for the termination, for twenty-four (24) months
following the date of termination, which payment shall, subject to the Company s receipt from Employee of the Release (as defined below)
no later than the Release Deadline (as defined below), be made in twenty-four (24) equal monthly payments, beginning on the first payday
that is at least seven (7) days after the Release Deadline (in accordance with the Company s normal
payroll cycle) and ending twenty-four (24) months after such first payment. 

(C) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, payment of the Target Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which termination of Employee s employment
occurs, prorated to the number of days Employee was employed during such fiscal year, payable at the same time the Target Annual Bonus
would have been paid to Employee under Section 2(b) had Employee remained employed by the Company to the first day of the fiscal year
immediately following termination of employment. 

(D) In
the Company s sole discretion, either (I) continued
enrollment, for a period of eighteen (18) months following the date of termination, in the health care benefit plans of the Company
in which Employee was enrolled as of immediately prior to termination, with all monthly premiums (excluding any co-pay, co-insurance
or deductible obligations) paid by the Company or, (II) for the twelve (12) month period following the termination of Employee s
employment, or such shorter period of time that Employee or any of Employee s dependents is eligible for and elects continuation of
group health coverage (in accordance with Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), or
such other applicable law), an amount equal to the applicable COBRA premium during such period, provided that Employee timely elects
COBRA continuation coverage and pays the applicable premiums thereunder, and further provided that any amounts payable to Employee
hereunder shall be paid on an after-tax basis on the first regularly scheduled payroll date of each month for which such amount is
payable. For purposes of clarity, (i) Employee shall be responsible for paying and remitting all continuation coverage premiums
received pursuant to this Section 4(e)(i)(D)(II), even if the COBRA subsidy is received after the due date for remitting COBRA
premiums, and (ii) the Company will not remit or be obligated to remit any payment to the insurers or administrators of such
coverage. 

(ii) As
a condition to the receipt of the benefits set forth in clauses (i)(B) and (i)(C) of this Section 4(e), (A) Employee must execute,
and deliver to the Company no later than forty-five (45) days after the termination date (such 45 th day, the
 Release Deadline ), a release, in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto or such other generally similar form as
the Company may require in its reasonable discretion (the Release ), releasing the Company, and its affiliates, officers,
directors, employees, representatives, and agents, from any and all claims and from any and all causes of action of any kind or
character, including, but not limited to, all claims and causes of action arising out of Employee s employment with the Company or
the termination of such employment and (B) Employee must not revoke such Release. 

(f) Additional Terms . 

(i) Employee
shall not be under any duty or obligation to seek or accept other employment following a termination of employment pursuant to which a
severance benefit payment under this Section 4 is owing, and the amounts due to Employee pursuant to Section 4 shall not be reduced or
suspended if Employee accepts subsequent employment or earns any amounts as a self-employed individual. 

5 

(ii) Nothing
contained in this Section 4 shall be construed to be a waiver by Employee of any benefits accrued for or due to Employee under any employee
benefit plan (as such term is defined in Employees Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) maintained by the Company. 

(iii) The
payment of any monies to Employee under this Agreement after the date of termination of Employee s employment does not constitute an offer
or a continuation of employment of Employee. In no event shall Employee represent or hold himself out to be an employee of the Company
or any of its Affiliates after the date of such termination. 

(v) All compensation
paid under this Section 4 shall be subject to applicable withholdings. 

(g) Resignations. 
Upon termination of Employee s employment hereunder for any reason, Employee shall resign, effective as of the date of such termination
and to the extent applicable, from any positions held with any Affiliates of the Company, however, may retain any position on the Board
of Directors. 

(h) Employee s
Continuing Obligations. Unless otherwise provided herein, Termination of Employee s employment hereunder for any reason shall not
terminate Employee s obligations under Sections 4(i), 6, 7, 8, and 9 of this Agreement, each of which shall survive such termination. 

(i) Assistance
by Employee. During any period during which any severance benefits are being paid to Employee under this Agreement after the
date of termination, Employee shall provide to the Company reasonable levels of assistance in answering questions concerning the
business of the Company and its Affiliates, transition of responsibility, or litigation, provided that all out of pocket expenses
Employee reasonably incurs in connection with such assistance shall be fully and promptly reimbursed by the Company, and any such
assistance shall not interfere or conflict with the obligations which Employee may owe to any other employer. 

5. Duties. 
During the Term, Employee shall serve as Chief Operating Officer of the Company, shall report to the Chief Executive Officer, and shall
have such duties and authority as shall be determined from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer. Employee agrees to serve in the
assigned position or in such other capacities as may be reasonably related to Employee s role as Chief Operating Officer of the Company
and its subsidiaries and as may be reasonably requested from time to time by the Company. Employee agrees to perform diligently and to
the best of Employee s abilities, and in a trustworthy, businesslike and efficient manner, the duties and services pertaining to the assigned
position as reasonably determined by the Company, as well as such additional or different duties and services appropriate to such positions
which Employee from time to time may be reasonably directed to perform by the Board. Employee shall at all times comply with and be subject
to such policies and procedures as the Company and its subsidiaries may establish from time to time. 

6. Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation . 

(a) Employee
acknowledges that the Company is a sales and service-related business with a legitimate business interest in maintaining its customers
and goodwill and protecting its trade secrets and other confidential information from disclosure or use for the benefit of others. In
light of the foregoing and as part of the consideration for Employee s continued employment and the compensation now or hereafter paid
to Employee, Employee agrees as follows: 

(i) to
the fullest extent permitted by law during Employee s employment with the Company, and after the date of termination of Employee s employment
for any reason, but not to exceed in any event seven (7) years from the Effective Date irrespective of the date of termination of Employee s
employment (the Non-Compete Period ), the Employee will not directly or indirectly (for Employee s benefit or as an agent, consultant
or employee of, or otherwise on behalf of, any person) participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or be employed
by, work for or provide consulting services to, any person or entity that is engaged in, or attempting to engage in any business in which
the Company or its Affiliates is engaged or demonstrably has plans to engage as of the date of such termination, in the United States
of America or any other country or territory in which the Company engages in such business as of the date of such termination (the Restricted
Business ), provided, however that the foregoing shall not prohibit Employee from being a passive owner or investor of not more than
one percent of the equity securities of a publicly traded corporation engaged in the Restricted Business, so long as Employee has no active
participation in the business of such corporation; 

6 

(ii) during
the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not directly or indirectly (for Employee s benefit or as an agent, consultant or employee of,
or otherwise on behalf of, any person) solicit the employment or services of any Person Employed by the Company, hire any Person
Employed by the Company, or induce, facilitate, aid or encourage any Person Employed by the Company (A) to discontinue his or her
employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, (B) to interfere with the activities or businesses of the Company or its
Affiliates or C) to engage in any of conduct that, if engaged in by
Employee, would violate Section 6(a)(i) of this Agreement; provided, however, that a general solicitation through the media or by a
search firm, in either case, that is not directed specifically to any Person Employed by the Company will not be a breach of the
restrictions in this Section 6(a)(ii) unless such solicitation is undertaken as a means to circumvent the restrictions contained in
this Agreement. For purposes of this Section 6, the term Person Employed by the Company means any person who is or was
an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates at the time of, or within the six (6) months preceding the applicable restricted
or prohibited conduct; and 

(iii) during
the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not directly or indirectly (for Employee s benefit or as an agent, consultant or employee of, or
otherwise on behalf of, any person) solicit, influence or attempt to influence any customers, distributors, vendors, licensors or suppliers
of the Company or any of its Affiliates with whom Employee had contact during Employee s employment to divert all or any part of their
business from the Company or its subsidiaries to any other person or entity or in any way interfere with the relationship between any
such customer, distributor, vendor, licensor or supplier and the Company or its Affiliates (including, without limitation, making any
negative statements or communications about the Company or its Affiliates). 

(b) Employee
understands that the restrictions in Sections 6 and 7 of this Agreement may limit Employee s ability to earn a livelihood in a business
similar to the business in which Employee is presently involved, but agrees and hereby acknowledges that, as a member of the management
group of the Company: (i) such provisions do not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill or other business
interests of the Company; (ii) such provisions contain reasonable limitations as to time, scope of activity, and geographical area to
be restrained; and (iii) the consideration provided under this Agreement, including without limitation, any amounts or benefits provided
under Sections 2 and 4 of this Agreement, is sufficient to compensate Employee for the restrictions contained in Section 6 and 7 of this
Agreement. In consideration of the foregoing and in light of Employee s education, experience, skills and abilities, Employee agrees that
Employee will not assert that, and it should not be considered that, any provisions of Sections 6 or 7 otherwise are void, voidable or
unenforceable or should be voided or held unenforceable. If, 
at the time of enforcement of Section 6 or 7 of this Agreement, a court shall hold that the duration, scope, or area restrictions stated
herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing, the parties hereto agree that the maximum period, scope or geographical area
reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the stated period, scope or area and that the court shall be allowed and
directed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by law. 

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 6, if the Company fails to pay any amounts due to Employee under Section 4(c), Section 4(d)
or Section 4(e) on or after termination of Employee s employment, and such default is not cured within ten (10) days after
such payment is due, then Employee shall thereafter be relieved of and no longer be bound by any of the provisions of this Section
6. The application of this Section 6(c) shall not constitute a waiver by Employee of any other rights or remedies for failure to pay
any amounts due to Employee under Section 4(c), Section 4(d) or Section 4(e). 

7. Trade Secrets and Confidential Information. 

(a) Employee s
employment with the Company creates a relationship of trust and confidence between the parties. Employee, during the term of
employment under this Agreement, will have access to and become familiar with various trade secrets and other confidential
information which are owned by, or otherwise are the exclusive property of, the Company or its subsidiaries and which, by way of
illustration, but not limitation, include formulas, devices, processes, data, know-how, patents and other intellectual property,
customer lists (names and addresses), customer data, compilations of information, price lists, rate structures, records (including
customer service records), inventions, improvements, techniques, marketing plans, product plans, strategies, forecasts,
specifications, information relating to the products, sales, services and business affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries or
any customer or supplier of the Company or its subsidiaries, any information created, discovered or developed by or for the Company
or its subsidiaries, or acquired by the Company or its subsidiaries, that has commercial value in the Company s or its subsidiaries 
present or future businesses, specifications and any other information Employee has reason to know the Company or its subsidiaries
would like to treat as confidential for any purpose (collectively the Trade Secrets and Confidential Information ). 

7 

(b) Employee
agrees that, during and after Employee s employment with the Company, Employee will not use or disclose, or allow anyone else to use or
disclose, any Trade Secrets or Confidential Information, except as may be necessary in the performance of Employee s employment with the
Company or as may be authorized in advance in writing by appropriate officials of the Company. Employee agrees to keep all Trade Secrets
and Confidential Information secret whether or not any document containing such information is marked confidential. 

(c) Employee
hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) nothing contained in this Agreement limits Employee s ability to file a charge or complaint with
the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission Government Agencies );
(ii) this Agreement does not limit Employee s ability to communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation
or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the
Company; and (iii) this Agreement does not limit Employee s right to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agencies. 

8. Company
Property. All rights, title and interest in all records, documents or files concerning the business of the Company or its Affiliates,
including, but not limited to, customer data, materials, processes, letters, Trade Secrets and Confidential Information, or other written
or electronically recorded material, whether or not produced by Employee, shall be and remain the property of the Company and its Affiliates.
Upon termination of employment, Employee shall not have the right to remove any such records from the offices or premises of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries. In addition, Employee agrees to return promptly to the Company all property that belongs to the Company or
its subsidiaries and all records (in whatsoever form, format or medium) containing or related to Trade Secrets and Confidential Information. 

9. Assignment and Disclosure of Inventions . 

(a) Employee
agrees to assign, and does hereby assign to the Company, all of his right, title and interest in and to all ideas, inventions, improvements,
discoveries or technical developments, including software and applications, whether or not patentable, which he solely or jointly with
others, may conceive or reduce to practice during the term of his employment (i) which are related in whole or in part, directly or indirectly,
to the Company s or its subsidiaries product line or services, research and development, or field of technological or industrial specialization,
or (ii) in the course of utilization by the Company of Employee s services in a technical or professional capacity in the areas of research,
development, marketing, management, engineering or manufacturing, or (iii) pursuant to any project of which Employee is or was a participant
or member that is or was either financed or directed by the Company or its subsidiaries, or (iv) at the Company s or its subsidiaries 
expense, in whole or in part (collectively Inventions ). 

(b) Employee
agrees to disclose promptly to the Board or its designee, all Inventions and to cooperate fully with the Company, both during and after
employment, with respect to the procurement of patents, copyrights or other rights or protections for the establishment and maintenance
of the Company s or its designee s rights and interests in said Inventions, and to sign all papers which the Company may deem necessary
or desirable for the purpose of vesting the Company or its designees with such rights, the expenses thereof to be paid by the Company. 

8 

(c) In
 the event the Company is unable to secure Employee s signature on any document necessary to apply for, prosecute, obtain, or enforce
any patent, copyright, or other right or protection relating to any Invention, whether due to mental or physical incapacity or any other
cause (including Employee s unwillingness), Employee hereby irrevocably, and in all jurisdictions for which this power of attorney may
be necessary, designates and appoints the Company, and each of its duly authorized officers and agents, as Employee s agent and attorney-in-fact
to act for, and on Employee s behalf and stead, to execute and file any such document and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further
the prosecution, issuance, and enforcement of patents, copyrights, or other rights or protections with the same force and effect as if
executed and delivered by Employee, and such appointment is acknowledged by Employee to be coupled with an interest and, therefore, is
irrevocable. 

10. Full
Time Employment; Conflicts of Interest . Employee shall, while employed by the Company, devote Employee s best efforts and his full
time to the business of the Company and will not, without the express written permission of the Company, engage in any other business
or activity for compensation or profit, whether as owner, employee, consultant or otherwise, except for the following activities, provided
that they do not create a conflict of interest or otherwise interfere with the performance of Employee s obligations under this Agreement:
(a) management of Employee s personal and family financial affairs and (b) service on the board of directors of charitable or other non-profit
entities. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee owes a fiduciary duty of loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance to act at all times
in the best interests of the Company and to do no act which would, directly or indirectly, injure the Company s or its Affiliates business,
interests, or reputation. It is agreed that any direct or indirect interest in, connection with, or benefit from any outside activities,
particularly commercial activities, which interest might in any way adversely affect the Company or its Affiliates, involves a possible
conflict of interest. In keeping with Employee s fiduciary duties to the Company, Employee agrees that Employee shall not become involved
in a conflict of interest with the Company or any of its Affiliates, or upon discovery thereof, allow such a conflict to continue. Moreover,
Employee shall not engage in any activity that might involve a possible conflict of interest without first obtaining approval in accordance
with the Company s policies and procedures. 

11. Injunction. In
the event of a breach or a threatened breach of the provisions in this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to specific
performance, including, without limitation, an injunction restraining such breach, it being recognized that any injury arising from
a breach would be irreparable and would have no adequate remedy at law; but nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting the
Company from enforcing its rights under this Agreement (which are not intended to be exclusive) or from pursuing any other remedy
available for such breach or threatened breach at law or in equity. Either party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for
temporary or preliminary injunctive relief pending determination of the dispute on the merits. In addition,
in the event of an alleged breach or violation by Employee of Section 6 of this Agreement, the applicable Non-Compete Period set
forth therein shall be tolled until such breach or violation has been cured. In the
event that an action is commenced due to an actual, alleged or threatened breach of this Agreement, all costs of the dispute
resolution contemplated by this Section 11 (including, without limitation, the attorneys fees of the parties) shall be borne
by the party who is the least successful in such dispute resolution, which shall be determined by the court or other presiding party
of competent jurisdiction for the controversy, dispute or claim in its resolution by comparing (a) the position asserted by each
party on all disputed matters taken together to (b) the final decision of such presiding party on all disputed matters taken
together. 

12. Separateness;
Construction. It is a desire and intent of the parties that the terms, provisions, covenants, and remedies contained in this
Agreement shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If any provision or
clause of this Agreement, or portion thereof shall be held by any court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal,
invalid, or unenforceable in such jurisdiction, the remainder of such provision shall not be thereby affected and shall be given
full effect, without regard to the invalid portion. It is the intention of the parties that, if
any court construes any provision or clause of this Agreement, or any portion thereof, to be illegal, void or unenforceable because
of the duration of such provision or the area or matter covered thereby, such court shall reduce the duration, area, or matter of
such provision, and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable and shall be enforced. 

9 

13. Governing
Law; Venue. This Agreement, its negotiation and any claims, disputes or causes of action relating hereto or thereto shall be construed
and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois without giving effect to any rule or principle that would otherwise
require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Each of the parties to this Agreement hereby agrees that the state and
federal courts of Kane County, Illinois shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any claims or disputes hereto pertaining
directly or indirectly to this Agreement, and the parties hereby waive any objection that they may have to such venue, including but not
limited to objections based on lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or inconvenience of the forum. 

14. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, contains the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the terms of Employee s employment, non-competition,
trade secrets and confidential documents and information of the Company and its Affiliates and supersedes any previous employment agreements
or offer letters and any oral agreements, understandings or correspondence relating to Employee s employment with the Company. No modification
of this Agreement shall be binding upon the parties unless the same is in writing signed by the respective parties. This Agreement and
all of the terms and conditions contained herein shall remain in full force during the period of Employee s employment, in whatever capacity,
notwithstanding any change in compensation. 

15. Assignment. 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, its successors in interest, or any other person, association,
or entity which may hereafter acquire or succeed to all or substantially all of the business assets of the Company by any means, whether
indirectly or directly, and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise. Employee expressly consents to assignment of this
Agreement in connection with any such acquisition or succession, and no such assignment shall relieve Employee of any of his obligations
under this Agreement. Employee s rights and obligations under this Agreement are personal and such rights, benefits, and obligations of
Employee shall not be voluntarily or involuntarily assigned, alienated, or transferred by Employee, whether by operation of law or otherwise,
without the prior written consent of the Company. 

16. Waiver. 
No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice of any breach by the other party of, or to require compliance with, any condition
or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior
or subsequent time. 

17. Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and may transmitted in person or electronically (including by facsimile or
e-mail), each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

18. Code Section 409A. 

(a) The
provisions of this Agreement will be administered, interpreted and construed in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A of the
Code of 1986, as amended Section 409A ), the regulations issued thereunder or any exception thereto (or disregarded to
the extent such provision cannot be so administered, interpreted, or construed). If the
Company determines in good faith that any amounts to be paid to Employee under this Agreement are subject to Section 409A, then the
Company may, to the extent necessary, adjust the form and/or the timing of such payments as determined to be necessary or advisable
to be in compliance with Section 409A. If any
payment must be delayed to comply with Section 409A, then the deferred payment will be paid at the earliest practicable date
permitted by Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of this agreement to the contrary, Employee acknowledges and agrees
that the Company shall not be liable for, and nothing provided or contained in this agreement will be construed to obligate or cause
the Company to be liable for, any tax, interest or penalties imposed on Employee related to or arising with respect to any violation
of Section 409A. 

10 

(b) For
purposes of Section 409A, each severance payment, including each individual installment payment, shall be treated as a separate payment.
Each payment is intended to be excepted from Section 409A to the maximum extent provided under Section 409A as follows: (i) each payment
that is scheduled to be made following the termination of Employee s employment and within the applicable 2 1/2 month period specified
in Treas. Reg. l.409A-l(b)(4) is intended to be excepted under the short-term deferral exception
as specified in Treas. Reg. l.409A-l (b)(4); and (ii) to the extent possible, payments are made as a result of an involuntary separation,
each payment that is not otherwise excepted under the short-term deferral exception is intended to be excepted under the involuntary separation
pay exception as specified in Treas. Reg. l.409A-l(b)(9)(iii). Employee shall have no right to designate the date of any payment
hereunder. 

(c) For
purposes of this Agreement, Employee will be considered to have experienced a termination of employment only if Employee has separated
from service with the Company and all of its controlled group members within the meaning of Section 409A. For purposes hereof, the determination
of controlled group members shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Section 4l 4(b) and 414(c) of the Code; provided that the language
 at least 50 percent shall be used instead of at least 80 percent in each place it appears in Section 1563(a)(l),
(2) and (3) of the Code and Treas. Reg. l.414(c)-2. Whether Employee has separated from service will be determined based on all
of the facts and circumstances and in accordance with the guidance issued under Section 409A. 

(d) To
the extent Employee is entitled to taxable reimbursements, such reimbursements shall be made only in accordance with the following conditions:
the reimbursements shall be made on or before the last day of Employee s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense
was incurred; the amount of reimbursements in one taxable year will not affect the amount of reimbursement available in another taxable
year; and the right to reimbursements shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. To the extent the Company provides
taxable fringe benefits to Employee, the Company shall annually impute the value of such benefits to Employee. 

19.
 280G Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that any of the payments and benefits provided
for under this Agreement, together with any payments or benefits under any other agreement or arrangement between the Company or its
affiliates and Employee (the Payments ), would otherwise constitute a parachute payment within the meaning
of Section 280G of the Code, then, absent shareholder approval pursuant to the following sentence, the Payments shall be reduced to the
extent necessary, so that, after taking into account all applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed
by Section 4999 of the Code, Employee is in receipt of the greatest after-tax amount of such Payments, notwithstanding that all or a
portion of such Payments may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. In the event that the Payments would otherwise be limited pursuant
to the preceding sentence, the Company and its affiliates shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to seek shareholder approval
pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section l.280G-l (Q A 7) to approve the full amount of the Payments due under this Agreement (without
respect to the limitation imposed in the preceding sentence); provided, however, that in such event Employee shall reasonably cooperate
with the Company and its affiliates and shall take all actions and execute such documents and instruments as shall be reasonably necessary
to satisfy the requirements of the shareholder approval exception of Treasury Regulations Section 1.280G-l (Q A 7), and further provided
that no shareholder shall be obligated to vote in favor of any Payments described in this provision. 

20. Legal
Representation . The Company and Employee acknowledge and agree that both the Company and Employee have the opportunity to have separate
legal counsel of their own choosing with respect to this Agreement but have determined not to do so. 

[Signature page follows.] 

11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have entered into this Agreement as of the date set forth above. 

High Wire Networks, Inc. 

/s/ Daniel J Sullivan 

Name: 
 Daniel Sullivan 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Employee: 

/s/ Stephen LaMarche 

Stephen LaMarche 

[Signature Page to Employment Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

TARGET ANNUAL BONUS TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

If the company is profitable on an
operating income basis, as defined by income from operations, excluding any financing fees such as factoring that may impact EBITDA, and
excluding any one time fees related to financing and legal from sale or acquisition of assets, and corporate overhead defined as expenses
related to maintaining HWNI as the public parent holding company, Employee shall be entitled to a minimum of 250,000.00 bonus paid in
cash or stock. 

Further, Employee shall be paid an additional
cash bonus equal to 3 of EBITDA every quarter. This bonus will be paid within 45 days of the end of each quarter. Employee may elect,
at his sole discretion, to take the bonus in stock or a combination of cash and stock. Stock price shall be equal to the average trading
price for the 10 days prior to the date of issuance. 

A-1 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex21-1_highwire.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of High Wire Netowrks, Inc. 

Legal Name 
 Location of 
 Organization 
 
 AW Solutions Puerto Rico, LLC 
 Puerto Rico 

Tropical Communications, Inc. 
 Florida 

ADEX Corp. 
 New York 

ADEX Puerto Rico LLC 
 Puerto Rico 

ADEX Canada Ltd 
 Canada 

HWN, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Secure Voice Corporation 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-1_highwire.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Mark Porter, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of High Wire
Networks, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark Porter 

Mark Porter 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-2_highwire.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Daniel Sullivan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of High Wire
Networks, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Daniel Sullivan 

Daniel Sullivan 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-1_highwire.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Section 1350 CERTIFICATION 

In connection with this Annual Report
of High Wire Networks, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark Porter, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report, fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ 
 Mark Porter 

Mark Porter 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 f10k2022ex32-2_highwire.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Section 1350 CERTIFICATION 

In connection with this Annual Report
of High Wire Networks, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel Sullivan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report, fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ 
 Daniel Sullivan 

Daniel Sullivan 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 hwni-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 hwni-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 hwni-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 hwni-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 hwni-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

