<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230626_10-K_edgar_data_32621_0001437749-23-018439.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5764400</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>173268</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1002846</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1365788</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1402621</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1686482</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-018439.hdr.sgml : 20230626
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230626160034
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-018439
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230626
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230626

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EMERSON RADIO CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000032621
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD AUDIO & VIDEO EQUIPMENT [3651]
		IRS NUMBER:				223285224
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07731
		FILM NUMBER:		231042308

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 WATERVIEW BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 140
		CITY:			PARSIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-428-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 WATERVIEW BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 140
		CITY:			PARSIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07054

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MAJOR ELECTRONICS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19770921

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-018439.txt : 20230626

10-K
 1
 msn20230331_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

msn20230331_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

EMERSON RADIO CORP. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 American 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes . 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the e ectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No. 
 Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant at September 30, 2022 (computed by reference to the last reported sale price of the Common Stock on the NYSE American on such date): . 
 Number of Common Shares outstanding at June 26, 2023: 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 
 
 Document Part of the Form 10-K 
 Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K Part III 

Auditor Firm Id: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 3 

Item 1. BUSINESS 
 
 4 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 8 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 19 

Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 19 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 19 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 19 

PART II 
 
 19 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 19 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 19 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 19 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 25 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 26 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 46 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 46 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 46 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 46 

PART III 
 
 47 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 47 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 47 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 47 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 47 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 47 

PART IV 
 
 47 

Item 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 47 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 49 

SIGNATURES 
 
 50 

2

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 
 This report contains forward looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 under Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to the Company s beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions, and future performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond the Company s control, and which may cause its actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements through the use of words such as may, will, can, anticipate, assume, should, indicate, would, believe, contemplate, expect, seek, estimate, continue, plan, project, predict, could, intend, target, potential, and other similar words and expressions of the future. These forward-looking statements may not be realized due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: 

the Company s ability to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and maintain profitability; 

the Company s ability to obtain new customers and retain key existing customers, including the Company s ability to maintain purchase volumes of the Company s products by its key customers; 

the Company s ability to obtain new licensees and distribution relationships and maintain relationships with its existing licensees and distributors; 

the Company s ability to resist price increases from its suppliers or pass through such increases to its customers; 

changes in consumer spending for retail products, such as the Company s products, and in consumer practices, including sales over the Internet; 

the Company s ability to maintain effective internal controls or compliance by its personnel with such internal controls; 

the Company s ability to successfully manage its operating cash flows to fund its operations; 

the Company s ability to anticipate market trends, enhance existing products or achieve market acceptance of new products; 

the Company s ability to accurately forecast consumer demand and adequately manage inventory; 

the Company s dependence on a limited number of suppliers for its components and raw materials; 

the Company s dependence on third party manufacturers to manufacture and deliver its products; 

increases in shipping costs for the Company s products or other service issues with the Company s third-party shippers; 

the Company s dependence on a third party logistics provider for the storage and distribution of its products in the United States; 

the ability of third party sales representatives to adequately promote, market and sell the Company s products; 

the Company s ability to maintain, protect and enhance its intellectual property; 

the effects of competition; 

the Company s ability to distribute its products in a timely fashion, including as a result of labor disputes and public health threats and social unrest; 

evolving cybersecurity threats to the Company s information technology systems or those of its customers or suppliers; 

changes in foreign laws and regulations and changes in the political and economic conditions in the foreign countries in which the Company operates; 

changes in accounting policies, rules and practices; 

changes in tax rules and regulations or interpretations; 

changes in U.S. and foreign trade regulations and tariffs, including potential increases of tariffs on goods imported into the U.S., and uncertainty regarding the same; 

3

Table of Contents 

limited access to financing or increased cost of financing; 

the effects of currency fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and Chinese renminbi relative to the dollar and increases in costs of production in China; and 

the other factors listed under Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC. 

All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this annual report or the date of the document incorporated by reference into this annual report. The Company has no obligation, and expressly disclaims any obligation, to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The Company has expressed its expectations, beliefs and projections in good faith and the Company believes they have a reasonable basis. However, the Company cannot assure the reader that its expectations, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or accomplished. 

Item 1. 
 BUSINESS 

The Company Overview 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, the term the Company and Emerson, refers to Emerson Radio Corp. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Emerson Radio Corp. was incorporated in Delaware in 1994. The Company designs, sources, imports and markets a variety of houseware and consumer electronic products, and licenses its trademarks to others on a worldwide basis for a variety of products. 
 
 General 
 
 The Company, directly and through it's subsidiaries, designs, sources, imports, markets, sells and licenses to certain licensees a variety of houseware and consumer electronic products, both domestically and internationally, under the Emerson brand name. 
 
 The Company believes its competitive advantages include a combination of: 

recognition of the Emerson brand; 

the Company s distribution base and established customer relations; 

the Company s sourcing expertise and established vendor relations; 

an infrastructure with personnel experienced in servicing and providing logistical support to the domestic mass merchant distribution channel, or supervising third-party logistics providers in providing same; and 

the Company s extensive experience in establishing license and distribution agreements on a global basis for a variety of products. 

The Company intends to continue leveraging its core competencies to offer a variety of current and new houseware and consumer electronic products to customers. In addition, the Company intends to continue entering into licenses for the use of its trade names and trademarks by third parties. See Licensing Activities. 
 
 The Company s core business consists of selling, distributing, and licensing various low and moderately priced houseware and consumer electronic products in various categories. All of the Company s marketing and sales efforts are currently concentrated in the United States. 

4

Table of Contents 

Products 
 
 The Company s current product categories, which include licensed products, consist primarily of the following: 

Houseware Products 
 
 Audio Products 
 
 Other 

Microwave Ovens 
 
 Clock Radios 
 
 Televisions 

Compact Refrigerators 
 
 Bluetooth Speakers 
 
 Lithium Batteries 

Toaster Ovens 
 
 Karaoke Machines 
 
 Security Products 

Wireless Charging 
 
 Massagers 

Sales and Distribution 
 
 The Company markets its products exclusively in the United States, primarily through mass merchandisers and online marketplaces. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 fiscal 2023 ), Walmart accounted for approximately 42 , Amazon accounted for approximately 23 , and Fred Meyer accounted for approximately 12 of the Company s net revenues. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 fiscal 2022 ), Walmart accounted for approximately 45 , Amazon accounted for approximately 32 , and Fred Meyer accounted for approximately 13 of the Company s net revenues. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of net revenues in either period. As a percent of the Company s total trade accounts receivable, net of specific reserves, Amazon, Walmart and Fred Meyer accounted for approximately 43 , 35 and 11 , respectively, as of March 31, 2023 . As a percent of the Company s total trade accounts receivable, net of specific reserves, Walmart, Amazon and Fred Meyer accounted for approximately 69 , 17 and 11 , respectively, as of March 31, 2022 . No other customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s total trade accounts receivable, net of specific reserves, as of March 31, 2023 or March 31, 2022 . Management believes that a loss, or a significant reduction, of sales to any of its key customers would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. 
 
 Approximately 39 and 50 of the Company s net revenues for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 , respectively, were made through third-party sales representative organizations that receive sales commissions and work in conjunction with the Company s own sales personnel. With the Company s permission, third-party sales representative organizations may sell competitive products in addition to the Company s products. In most instances, either party may terminate a sales representative relationship on 30 days prior notice by the Company and 90 days prior notice by the sales representative organization in accordance with customary industry practice. In fiscal 2023 , the Company utilized 2 sales representative organizations, including one which represented approximately 38 of its net revenues. In fiscal 2022 , the Company utilized 4 sales representative organizations, including one which represented approximately 47 of its net revenues. No other sales representative organization accounted for more than 10 of the Company s net revenues in fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022 . The remainder of the Company s sales are to customers that are serviced by its sales personnel. The loss or reduction of product sales made through third party sales representative organizations could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. Finding replacement organizations and distributors could be a time consuming process during which the Company s revenues could be negatively impacted. 
 
 The Company primarily sells product to customers from its United States warehoused inventory, which is referred to as the Domestic Program . Under the Domestic Program, title for product typically passes at the time of shipment. The Company s direct import program Direct Import Program allows its customers to import and receive product directly from an export port in the country of manufacture outside the United States. Under the Direct Import Program, title for the Company s product passes to the customer in the country of origin when the product is shipped by the Company s subsidiary in China. Under both programs, the Company recognizes revenues at the time title passes to the customer as this is when the Company satisfies its performance obligation under the contracts with its customers. See Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. During fiscal 2023 approximately 16 of the Company s product sales were sold under the Direct Import Program. During fiscal 2022 , approximately 9 of the Company s product sales were sold under the Direct Import Program. 
 
 The Company also sells product through third party online marketplaces to broaden its brand reach. The Company s website serves as an additional sales channel for products, and provides search capability, detailed product information, online merchant availability, demo videos and downloadable product specification sheets. The Company expects sales through online marketplaces to continue to be a growth initiative for its business. 

5

Table of Contents 

The Company has an integrated system to coordinate the purchasing, sales and distribution aspects of its operations. The Company receives orders from its major customers via electronic data interface, facsimile, telephone or mail. The Company does not have long-term contracts with any of its customers, but rather receives orders on an ongoing basis. Products imported by the Company for the Domestic Program, generally from factories in Asia, are shipped by ocean and/or inland freight and then stored in the Company s outsourced warehouse facilities for shipment to customers. The Company monitors its inventory levels and goods in transit through the use of an electronic inventory system. When a purchase order under the Domestic Program is received, it is filled from the Company s inventory and the warehoused product is labeled and prepared for outbound shipment to the customer by common, contract or small package carrier. The ability of management to correctly anticipate and provide for inventory requirements is essential to the successful operation of the Company s business. 
 
 Licensing Activities 
 
 The Company is currently party to one license agreement with a third party licensee that allows the licensee to manufacture and/or sell various products bearing the Company s trademarks into defined geographic areas. Such activities have historically had a positive impact on operating results by generating income with minimal incremental costs and without any working capital requirements. The Company has engaged each of Leveraged Marketing Corporation of America LMCA and Global Licensing Services Pte Limited GLSL as an agent to assist in identifying and procuring additional licensing opportunities. The Company protects its brand through careful license and product selection and control processes. 
 
 See Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Operational and Strategic Risks The failure to obtain new licensees and distribution relationships or to maintain relationships with its existing licensees and distributors could materially and adversely affect the Company s revenues, earnings and business. 
 
 Design and Manufacturing 
 
 The Company s products are manufactured by original equipment manufacturers in accordance with the Company s specifications. During fiscal 2023 and 2022, 100 of the Company s product purchases consisted of finished goods from foreign manufacturers located in the People s Republic of China. 
 
 The Company s design team is responsible for product development and works closely with suppliers and determines the cosmetic and other features for new products. Accordingly, the exterior designs and operating features of the products reflect the Company s judgment, or that of its customers, of current styles and consumer preferences. 
 
 The following summarizes the Company s purchases from its major product suppliers that accounted for more than 10 of the Company s total product purchases in fiscal 2023 and 2022: 

Fiscal Year 

Supplier 
 
 2023 

2022 

Itoma 

75 

83 

Midea 

20 

17 

Total 

95 

100 

All other suppliers were less than 10 

The Company considers its relationships with its suppliers to be satisfactory and believes that, barring any unusual material or part shortages or economic, fiscal or monetary conditions, the Company could develop alternative suppliers. No assurance can be given that ample supply of product would be available at current prices and on current credit terms if the Company were required to seek alternative sources of supply without adequate notice by a supplier or a reasonable opportunity to seek alternate production facilities and component parts (See Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Operational and Strategic Risks The Company depends on a limited number of suppliers for its products. If its relationships with such suppliers terminate or are otherwise impaired, the Company would likely experience increased costs, disruptions in the manufacture and shipment of its products and a material loss of net sales and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .) 
 
 Warranties 
 
 The Company offers limited warranties for its consumer electronics, comparable to those offered to consumers by the Company s competitors in the United States. Such warranties typically consist of a one year period for microwave ovens and a 90 day period for audio products, under which the Company pays for labor and parts, or offers a new or similar unit in exchange for a non-performing unit. 

6

Table of Contents 

Returned Products 
 
 The Company s customers return product for a variety of reasons, including: 

retailer return policies which allow customer returns for no reason concerning the quality of the product itself; 

damage to goods in transit and cosmetic imperfections; and 

mechanical failures. 

Trademarks 
 
 The Company owns the following principal trademarks for certain consumer electronic products in the United States, Canada, Mexico and various other countries: 

Emerson 

Emerson Research 

H.H. Scott 

iDEA 

IDIVA 

levia 

Scott 

SmartSet 

The Company s trademark registrations must be renewed at various times. The Company intends to renew all trademarks necessary for the conduct of its business. The Company considers the Emerson trademark to be of material importance to its business and, to a lesser degree, the remaining trademarks. The Company licenses the Emerson and certain of its other trademarks to third parties, the scope of which is on a limited product and geographic basis and for a period of time. See Licensing Activities. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The Company primarily competes in the low-to-medium-priced sector of the housewares and consumer electronics market. Management estimates that the Company has several dozen competitors that are manufacturers and/or distributors, many of which are much larger and have greater financial resources than the Company. The Company competes primarily on the basis of: 

brand recognition; 

reliability; 

quality; 

price; 

design; 

consumer acceptance of the Company s products; and 

the quality of service and support provided to retailers and their customers. 

The Company also competes at the retail level for shelf space and promotional displays, all of which have an impact on its success in established and proposed distribution channels. 

7

Table of Contents 

Government Regulation 
 
 Pursuant to the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended, the Trade Act of 1974 and regulations promulgated there under, the United States government charges tariff duties, excess charges, assessments and penalties on many imports. These regulations are subject to continuous change and revision by government agencies and by action of the United States Trade Representative. As all of the Company s products are currently manufactured by suppliers in China, the enactment of new legislation or the administration of current international trade regulations or executive action affecting trade agreements, changes in tariffs, trade barriers, price and exchange controls and other regulatory requirements or changes in sourcing patterns could adversely affect the Company s operations. See Item 1A Risk Factors Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risks Foreign regulations and changes in trade policies and the political, social and economic conditions in the United States and the foreign countries in which the Company operates its business could affect the Company s revenues and earnings materially and adversely and Item 1A Risk Factors Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risks Tariffs or other restrictions placed on the Company s products imported into the United States from China, or any related countermeasures taken by China, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, profitability and results of operations. A number of states have adopted statutes regulating the manner of determining the amount of payments to independent service centers performing warranty service on products such as those sold by the Company. Additional Federal legislation and regulations regarding the importation of consumer electronics products, including the products marketed by the Company, have been proposed from time to time and, if enacted into law, could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Product Liability and Insurance 
 
 Because of the nature of the products it sells, the Company is periodically subject to product liability claims resulting from personal injuries. The Company may also become involved in various lawsuits incidental to its business. 
 
 Although the Company maintains product liability insurance coverage, there can be no assurance that the Company s coverage limits will be sufficient to cover any successful product liability claims made against it in the future. In management s opinion, any ultimate liability arising out of currently pending product liability claims will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. However, any claims substantially in excess of the Company s insurance coverage, or any substantial claim not covered by insurance, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As o f June 14, 2023, the Company had 22 employees, comprised of 10 in the United States and 12 in China. None of the Company s employees are represented by unions, and the Company believes its labor relations are good. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 The Company s corporate website is located at www.emersonradio.com. The Company files reports and other information with the SEC pursuant to the information requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Company makes available free of charge, on or through its website, the Company s annual, quarterly and current reports, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such reports with the SEC. Information contained on the Company s website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with the SEC. Readers may also read and copy any document the Company files at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The reader should carefully consider these risk factors in addition to those set forth in the Company s financial statements or the notes thereto. Additional risks about which the Company is not yet aware or that the Company currently believes to be immaterial also may adversely affect the Company s business operations. If any of the following occur, the Company s business, financial condition or operating results may be adversely affected. In that case, the price of the Company s common stock may decline. 
 
 Business, Operational and Strategic Risks 
 
 The Company relies on a small number of key customers for the majority of its business, and the loss or significant reduction in business with any of these key customers would materially and adversely affect the Company s revenues and earnings. 
 
 Certain customers have historically made up a significant percentage of the Company s product sales and net revenues. For fiscal 2023 , Walmart, Amazon and Fred Meyer accounted for approximately 42 , 23 and 12 , respectively, of the Company s net revenues. For fiscal 2022 , Walmart, Amazon and Fred Meyer accounted for approximately 45 , 32 and 13 , respectively, of the Company s net revenues. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s net revenues during these periods. All customer purchases are made through individual purchase orders and the Company does not have any long-term supply contracts with its customers. Accordingly, sales from customers that have accounted for a significant portion of the Company s net product sales and net revenues in past periods, individually or as a group, may not continue in future periods, or if continued, may not reach or exceed historical levels in any period, which has happened in the past and could happen in the future. Some of the Company s key customers may also experience economic difficulties or otherwise default on their obligations to the Company. The complete loss of, or significant reduction in business from, or a material adverse change in the financial condition of, any of the Company s key customers would cause a material and adverse change in the Company s revenues and operating results. 
 
 The Company is dependent on a limited number of products for its sales. 
 
 The Company derives a substantial portion of its product revenues from a limited number of products, and the Company expects these products to continue to account for a large percentage of its product revenues in the near term. For the twelve months ended March 31, 2023 , the Company s gross product sales were comprised principally of two product types within two categories housewares products and audio products. Microwave ovens, which product type is within the housewares category, generated approximately 27 of the Company s gross product sales. Audio products generated approximately 73 of the Company s gross product sales during fiscal 2023 . For the twelve months ended March 31, 2022 , the Company s gross product sales were comprised principally of the same two product types within the same two categories housewares products and audio products. Microwave ovens, which product type is within the housewares category, generated approximately 21 of the Company s gross product sales. 

8

Table of Contents 

Audio products generated approximately 79 of the Company s gross product sales during fiscal 2022 . Because the market for these product types and categories is characterized by periodic new product introductions, the Company s future financial performance will depend, in part, on the successful and timely development and customer acceptance of new and enhanced versions of these product types and other products distributed by the Company. There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to be successful in marketing these product types within these categories or any other new or enhanced products. For example, certain of the Company s key customers perform periodic line reviews to assess their product offerings, which have in the past and may in the future lead to loss of business and pricing pressures. As a result of this dependence, a significant decline in pricing of, or market acceptance of these product types and categories, either in general or specifically as marketed by the Company, would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 The loss or reduction of business of one or a combination of its houseware and audio product lines could materially adversely affect the Company s revenues, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If the Company s third party sales representatives fail to adequately promote, market and sell the Company s products, the Company s revenues could significantly decrease. 
 
 A significant portion of the Company s product sales are made through third party sales representative organizations, whose members are not employees of the Company. The Company s level of sales depends on the effectiveness of these organizations, as well as the effectiveness of its own employees. Some of these third party representatives may sell (and do sell), with the Company s permission, competitive products of third parties as well as the Company s products. During fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 , these organizations were responsible for approximately 39 and 50 , respectively, of the Company s net revenues. In addition, in fiscal 2023 one of these representative organizations was responsible for approximately 38 of the Company s net revenues and in fiscal 2022 one of these representative organizations was responsible for approximately 47 of the Company s net revenues. If any of the Company s third party sales representative organizations engaged by the Company, especially the Company s largest, fails to adequately promote, market and sell its products, the Company s revenues could be significantly decreased until a replacement organization or distributor could be retained by the Company, which has happened in the past and could happen in the future. The loss or reduction of product sales made through third party sales representative organizations could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. Finding replacement organizations and distributors could be a time consuming process during which the Company s revenues could be negatively impacted. 
 
 The concentration of product sales among a limited number of retailers and the trend toward private label brands could materially reduce the Company s revenues and profitability. 
 
 With the concentration of the Company s product sales among a limited number of retailers, the Company is dependent upon a small number of customers whose bargaining strength is substantial and growing. Brick-and-mortar retailers generally purchase a limited selection of houseware and consumer electronics products. As a result, there is significant competition for retail shelf space. In addition, the Company s two largest customers, Walmart and Amazon, use their own private label brands that compete directly with some of the Company s products. As the retailers in the houseware and consumer electronics industry become more concentrated, competition for sales to these retailers may increase, which could materially reduce the Company's revenues and profitability. Additionally, as large traditional retail and online customers grow even larger and become more sophisticated, they may continue to demand lower pricing, special packaging, shorter lead times for the delivery of products, smaller more frequent shipments, or impose other requirements on product suppliers. These business demands may relate to inventory practices, logistics or other aspects of the customer-supplier relationship. If we do not effectively respond to these demands, these customers could decrease their purchases from us. A reduction in the demand for our products by these customers and the costs of complying with their business demands could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 The houseware and consumer electronics industry is consolidating, which could reduce the Company s ability to successfully secure product placements at key customers and limit its ability to sustain a cost competitive position in the industry. 
 
 Over the past several years, the houseware and consumer electronics industry has undergone substantial consolidation, and further consolidation is likely. As a result of this consolidation, the houseware and consumer electronics industry primarily consists of a limited number of large retailers and distributors. The Company s ability to gain or maintain its market share or maintain or enhance its relationships with key customers may be limited as a result of actions by competitors or the retailers increasing use of private label brands. 
 
 The failure to obtain new licensees and distribution relationships or to maintain relationships with its existing licensees and distributors could materially and adversely affect the Company s revenues, earnings and business. 
 
 The Company maintains agreements that allow licensees to use the Company s trademarks for the manufacture and sale of specific consumer electronics and other products into defined geographic areas. These agreements typically are for a limited period of time and, upon expiration, the Company cannot assure that its agreements with its licensees will be renewed in the future or that the Company s relationships with its licensees or distributors will be maintained on satisfactory terms or at all. Although the Company has engaged each of LMCA and GLSL as an agent to assist the Company in identifying and procuring licensing opportunities, there can be no assurance that the Company will find and secure suitable licensees or distribution relationships. If the Company is unable to maintain its relationships with its licensees and distributors on terms satisfactory to the Company, or if it fails to obtain new licensees or distribution relationships or the Company s licensees fail to protect the integrity and reputation of the Company s trademarks, the value of the Emerson brand and the Company s licensing revenues and earnings could be materially and adversely affected. 

9

Table of Contents 

The Company depends on a limited number of suppliers for its products. If its relationships with such suppliers terminate or are otherwise impaired, the Company would likely experience increased costs, disruptions in the manufacture and shipment of its products and a material loss of net sales. 
 
 Although there are multiple potential suppliers for each of the Company s products, the Company relies and is dependent on a limited number of suppliers for its main products, all of which are located outside of the United States. 
 
 The Company does not have any long-term or exclusive purchase commitments with any of its suppliers. Itoma was the Company s largest supplier and accounted for approximately 75 and 83 of the Company s purchases of products during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 , respectively. The Company s failure to maintain existing relationships with its suppliers or to establish new relationships on similar pricing and credit terms in the future could negatively affect the Company s ability to obtain products in a timely manner. If the Company is unable to obtain an ample supply of product from its existing suppliers or secure alternative sources of supply, it may be unable to satisfy its customers orders, which could materially and adversely affect the Company s revenues and relationships with its customers. Finding replacement suppliers could be a time consuming process during which the Company s revenues and liquidity could be negatively impacted. 
 
 The Company s products use raw materials and components that may be subject to price fluctuations, shortages or interruptions of supply, and if the Company is unable to maintain supply sources for such raw materials and components, or if such sources fail to satisfy the Company s supply requirements, the Company may experience a loss of sales, increased component costs and reduced profitability. 
 
 The Company s products use raw materials and components that have been and may continue to be subject to price surges, shortages or interruptions of supply, and the Company may not be able to pass those costs on to its customers. Factors that are largely beyond the Company's control, such as the cost, quality and availability of the raw materials and components needed by suppliers of the Company's products are essential to the successful production and sale of the Company s products. If the Company is unable to maintain supply sources of these raw materials and components, or if such sources fail to satisfy the Company s supply requirements, the Company's operating results, cost of goods sold and operating expenses could be adversely affected by increases in these costs. In particular, the Company utilizes semiconductor chips in its housewares products and audio products. Because semiconductor chips have been recently subject to an ongoing significant shortage, the Company s ability to source these important components that use semiconductor chips has been adversely affected. These supply interruptions have resulted in increased component delivery lead times, delays in product production and increased costs to obtain components with available semiconductor chips. To the extent this semiconductor chip shortage continues, the production ability of the Company s suppliers may continue to be impacted. Although the Company is seeking alternate sources of supply of these components, it may take several months to locate alternative suppliers or require the re-tooling of products to accommodate components from different suppliers. If the Company or its suppliers are unable to obtain components from third parties in the quantities and of the quality that the Company requires, on a timely basis and at acceptable prices, the Company may not be able to deliver its products on a timely or cost-effective basis to its customers, which could cause customers to cancel their orders with the Company, reduce the Company s gross margins and seriously harm its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 If the Company is unable to deliver products in the required amounts and in a timely fashion, the Company could experience delays or reductions in shipments to its customers, which could materially and adversely affect the Company s revenues and relationships with its customers. 
 
 The Company s ability to provide high quality customer service, process and fulfill orders, and manage inventory depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation and timely and uninterrupted performance of its suppliers. The Company can provide no assurances that it will not experience operational difficulties with its suppliers, including reductions in the availability of production capacity, errors in complying with product specifications, insufficient quality control, failures to meet production deadlines, increases in manufacturing costs, increased lead times or production shutdowns or production slowdowns due to health pandemics or otherwise, which have in the past and could in the future result in increased costs and decreased efficiency. If the Company is unable to obtain products from these factories in the required quantities and quality and in a timely fashion, the Company could experience delays or reductions in product shipments to its customers, which could negatively affect the Company s ability to meet the requirements of its customers, as well as its relationships with its customers, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the Company s revenues and operating results. In addition, shipping rates and surcharges are volatile and subject to market fluctuations, and any increases in shipping costs may reduce the Company s margins and adversely affect its profitability. 

10

Table of Contents 

All the Company s suppliers are based in China and as a result the Company is subject to risks associated with international operations and global manufacturing and sourcing including, among others: 

currency fluctuations; 

labor disputes and union actions that can disrupt the Company s ability to ship products to customers; 

potential political, economic and social instability; 

public health threats, including health pandemics, inclement weather and natural disasters; 

possible acts of terrorism; 

restrictions on transfers of funds; 

changes in import and export duties and quotas; 

changes in domestic and international customs and tariffs; 

uncertainties involving the costs to transport products; 

disruptions in the global transportation network, including port backlogs and availability of shipping containers; 

unexpected changes in regulatory environments; 

regulatory issues involved in dealing with foreign suppliers and in exporting and importing products; 

protection of intellectual property; 

difficulty in complying with a variety of foreign laws; 

difficulty in obtaining distribution and support; and 

potentially adverse tax consequences. 

Furthermore, any material disruption, slowdown or shutdown of the operations of the Company s principal logistics providers and shippers, including without limitation as a result of labor disputes, public health threats, social unrest, inclement weather, natural disasters, possible acts of terrorism, availability of shipping containers and increased security restrictions, could cause delays in the Company s ability to receive, process and fulfill customer orders and may cause orders to be canceled, lost or delivered late, goods to be returned or receipt of goods to be refused. These and other factors described above have and could continue to cause increases in shipping and storage costs. As a result, the Company s relationships with its customers, revenues and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The Company relies on a third-party logistics provider for the storage and distribution of its products in the United States and, if such third party logistics provider incurs any damage to the facilities where the Company s products are stored or is unable to distribute its products as needed, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and business. 
 
 The Company relies on a third-party logistics provider for the storage and distribution of its products. The facilities where the Company s products are stored by such provider may also be harmed or rendered inoperable by natural or man-made disasters, including earthquakes, power outages, communications failure or terrorism. Any material damage to the facilities where the Company s products are stored could adversely affect its inventory and the ability of such third-party logistics provider to meet the needs of its customers. In addition, an inability to maintain the Company s contracts with such third-party logistics provider or a delay, disruption or quality control problems in the operations of such third-party logistics provider, including as a result of damage to the facilities of such provider or a strike by such provider s workers, could cause delays in the Company s ability to fulfill customer orders and may cause orders to be canceled, lost or delivered late, the Company s products to be returned or receipt of products to be refused, any of which could adversely affect the Company s business and results of operations. The Company s contract with its third-party logistics provider is terminable upon written notice by either party for convenience without cause. If the Company is unable to maintain its contract with its third-party logistics provider, the Company would be required to retain a new third party logistics provider and the Company may be unable to retain such third party at a cost that is acceptable to the Company. If the Company s shipping costs were to increase as a result of an increase in the fees charged by such third-party logistics provider or as a result of obtaining a new third-party logistics provider and if the Company is unable to pass on these higher costs to its customers, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and business. 

11

Table of Contents 

The Company s revenues and earnings could be materially and adversely affected if it cannot anticipate market trends, enhance existing products or achieve market acceptance of new products. 
 
 The Company s success is dependent on its ability to anticipate and respond to changing consumer demands and trends in a timely manner, as well as expanding into new markets and sourcing new products that are profitable to the Company. In addition, to increase the Company s penetration of current markets and gain footholds in new markets for its products, the Company must maintain its existing products and integrate them with new products. The Company may not be successful in sourcing, marketing and releasing new products that respond to technological developments or changing customer needs and preferences and those efforts may not succeed and may divert management resources from existing operations and require the Company to commit significant financial resources, either of which could significantly impair our operating results. The Company may also experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction and sale of these new products. These new products may not adequately meet the requirements of the marketplace and may not achieve any significant degree of market acceptance. If release dates of any future products or enhancements to the Company s products are delayed, or if these products or enhancements fail to achieve market acceptance when released, the Company s sales volume may decline and earnings could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, new products or enhancements by the Company s competitors may cause customers to defer or forgo purchases of the Company s products, which could also materially and adversely affect the Company s revenues and earnings. 
 
 Cash generated by operating activities represents the Company s principal source of funding and therefore the Company depends on its ability to successfully manage its operating cash flows to fund its operations. 
 
 The Company does not maintain any credit facilities (other than, from time to time, certain letters of credit) in connection with the operation of its business. The Company has relied on, and continues to rely on, its cash on hand and cash generated by operations to manage its business. Certain of the Company s major factory suppliers, including Itoma, extend credit lines to the Company in amounts based on various factors, including the amounts of the Company s purchases and their internal credit criteria, and in the past have reduced the maximum amount of open credit lines available to the Company. The loss of, or reduction in, credit lines from the Company s principal suppliers could reduce the Company s liquidity, increase its working capital needs or limit its ability to purchase products which in turn could adversely affect its financial condition or results of operations. If the Company is unable to generate sufficient cash from operations, the Company may need to secure alternative means of financing or reorganize its operations to continue to maintain its current business. 
 
 The Company is subject to intense competition in the industry in which it operates, which could cause material changes in the selling price of its products or losses of its market share. 
 
 The housewares and consumer electronics industry is highly competitive, especially with respect to pricing and the introduction of new products and features. The Company s products compete in the low to medium-priced sector of the housewares and consumer electronics market and compete primarily on the basis of reliability, brand recognition, quality, price, design, consumer acceptance of the Emerson trademark and quality service and support to retailers and their customers. The Company and many of its competitors are subject to factory cost increases, and the Company expects these pressures to continue. If these pressures are not mitigated by increases in selling price or cost reductions from the Company s suppliers or changes in product mix, or if the consumers of the Company s products change their buying habits as a result of the Company s actions, the Company s revenues and profits could be substantially reduced. In addition, the Company also sells through online marketplaces, including Amazon. The Company's ability to maintain or increase its sales depends on its ability to increase its visibility and continue to distribute its products through these online marketplaces. As compared to the Company, many of its competitors are larger in size and more broadly diversified with significantly greater managerial, financial, marketing, technical and other competitive resources and greater brand recognition. As a result, the Company s competitors may be able to (i) adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements; (ii) rapidly replicate new features and innovations that we may introduce into the market; (iii) devote greater resources to the promotion and sale of their products and services; (iv) aggressively discount their products and services in order to gain market share; and (v) respond more effectively to pricing pressures. Competition could increase if new companies enter the market, existing competitors expand their product mix or the Company expands into new markets. An increase in competition could result in material price reductions or loss of the Company s market share. 
 
 In addition, the industry in which the Company competes generally has low barriers to entry that allow the introduction of new products or new competitors at a fast pace. Some retailers have and may continue to introduce their own private label products, which could reduce the volume of products they buy from the Company, as well as decrease the shelf space they allocate to the Company s products. If the Company is unable to protect the Company s brand image and authenticity, the Company may be unable to effectively compete with these new market entrants or new products. 
 
 Changes in consumer shopping trends and changes in distribution channels could result in lost market share and decreased revenue and profitability. 
 
 Traditional brick-and-mortar retail channels have experienced low growth or declines in recent years, while the ecommerce channel has experienced significant growth. Consumer shopping preferences have shifted, and may continue to shift in the future, to distribution channels other than traditional brick-and-mortar retail channels. Success in the ecommerce channel requires providing products at the right price, products that earn strong ratings and reviews and meaningful engagement with online shoppers. The Company has invested in selling and marketing capabilities in the ecommerce channel, while maintaining its presence in traditional brick-and-mortar retail channels. However, if we are not successful in utilizing ecommerce channels that consumers may prefer, we may experience a loss in market share and decreased revenue and profitability. 
 
 The Company depends on the experience and expertise of its senior management team and key technical employees, and the loss of any key employee may impair its ability to operate effectively. 
 
 The Company s success depends upon the continued services of its senior management team and key technical employees. Each of the Company s executive officers, key technical personnel and other employees could terminate his or her relationship with the Company at any time. The loss of any member of the Company s senior management team might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of the Company s business objectives and could materially harm the Company s business and customer relationships. In addition, turnover, particularly on the senior management team, with insufficient development of leadership talent and succession plans, could diminish employee confidence and increase risks for retaining key employees. 

12

Table of Contents 

Changes in consumer spending and economic conditions may cause the Company s operating results to fluctuate and cause its stock price to decline. 
 
 The Company s net revenue and operating results may vary significantly from year-to-year and quarter-to-quarter as well as in comparison to the corresponding quarter of the preceding year. Factors that may cause these variations include: 

unanticipated changes in market and economic conditions; 

periods of uncertain economic conditions, such as inflation, rising interest rates, recessions or economic slowdowns; 

the discretionary nature of consumers demands and spending patterns; 

variations in the sales of the Company s products to its significant customers; 

variations in manufacturing and supplier relationships; 

if the Company is unable to correctly anticipate and provide for inventory requirements, it may not have sufficient inventory to deliver its products to its customers in a timely fashion or the Company may have excess inventory that it is unable to sell; 

new product developments or introductions; 

product reviews and other media coverage; 

competition, including competitive price pressures; and 

political instability, war (including the current conflict in Ukraine), acts of terrorism, public health threats or other disasters. 

As a result of any of these factors, the Company s operating results may fluctuate significantly, which may in turn cause its stock price to decline. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risks 
 
 The Company is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that are central to the Company s business; its failure to comply with these laws and regulations could harm the Company s business or operating results. 
 
 The Company is or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to its business, including laws and regulations regarding consumer protection, advertising, electronic commerce, intellectual property, manufacturing, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, and economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions. 
 
 The increasingly global nature of the Company s business operations subjects the Company to domestic and foreign laws and regulations such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions. The Company s products are also subject to U.S. export controls, including the United States Department of Commerce s Export Administration Regulations and various economic and trade sanctions regulations established by the Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls. The Company is also subject to a variety of laws and regulations regarding information security and privacy. For example, the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Privacy Act, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, impose significant requirements on how the Company collects, processes and transfers personal data, as well as significant fines for non-compliance. Compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. 
 
 Foreign regulations and changes in trade policies and the political, social and economic conditions in the United States and the foreign countries in which the Company operates its business could affect the Company s revenues and earnings materially and adversely. 
 
 The Company has operations in China and derives a significant portion of its revenue from sales of products manufactured by third parties located in China. In addition, third parties located in China and other countries located in the same region produce and supply many of the components and raw materials used in the Company s products. Additionally, a significant portion of the shipping of the Company s finished goods to the United States occurs through Hong Kong. Conducting an international business inherently involves a number of difficulties and risks that could materially and adversely affect the Company s ability to generate revenues and could subject the Company to increased costs. The diplomatic tensions between the United States and China, including over China s enactment of the Hong Kong national security law, create uncertainties for doing business in China, and the risk of additional protectionist trade policies and tariffs or other escalating retaliatory policies, such as the passage of the Hong Kong Autonomy Act in July 2020 and the concurrent U.S. executive order that ended the special economic status afforded to Hong Kong under the United States-Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992, could increase the Company s cost of doing business and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, it is unclear whether the current U.S. administration will alter the existing trade agreements between China and the U.S. or otherwise modify or impose additional tariffs on imports from China. It is possible that further tariffs may be imposed on the categories of products the Company imports to the United States, or that the Company s business will be affected by retaliatory trade measures taken by China or other countries in response to existing or future tariffs, causing the Company to raise prices or make changes to its operations, any of which could adversely affect demand for the Company s products or increase its costs. 

13

Table of Contents 

Among the other factors that may adversely affect the Company s revenues and increase its costs are: 

currency fluctuations which could cause an increase in the price of the components and raw materials used in the Company s products and a decrease in its profits; 

Chinese labor laws; 

labor shortages affecting the Company s facilities and its suppliers manufacturing facilities located in China; 

the elimination or reduction of value-added tax refunds to Chinese factories that manufacture products for export; 

the rise of inflation and substantial economic growth in China; 

more stringent export restrictions in the countries in which the Company operates which could adversely affect its ability to deliver its products to its customers; 

tariffs and other trade barriers, such as import and export duties and quotas, which could make it more expensive for the Company to obtain and deliver its products to its customers; 

increases in shipping costs for the Company s products or other service issues with the Company s third-party shippers, such as global availability of shipping containers and fuel costs; 

political instability and economic downturns globally and in the countries in which the Company operates could adversely affect the Company s ability to obtain its products from its manufacturers or deliver its products to its customers in a timely fashion; 

outbreaks of public health threats, such as the coronavirus, influenza and other highly communicable diseases or viruses, affecting the production capabilities of the Company s suppliers, including as a result of quarantines or closures; 

new restrictions on the sale of electronic products containing certain hazardous substances; and 

the laws of China are likely to govern many of the Company s supplier agreements. 

Any of the factors described above may materially and adversely affect the Company s revenues and/or increase its operating expenses. 
 
 Tariffs or other restrictions placed on the Company s products imported into the United States from China, or any related countermeasures taken by China, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, profitability and results of operations. 
 
 The Company has operations in China and all of the Company s products are currently manufactured by suppliers in China. Any tariffs or other trade restrictions affecting the import of these products to the United States from China or any retaliatory trade measures taken by China in response to existing or future tariffs could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations going forward. The Company s dependency on its overseas suppliers could exacerbate these and other risks, and any tariffs on the categories of products the Company imports to the United States could negatively affect the demand for such products, increase the cost of components, delay production or affect the Company s ability to compete against competitors who do not manufacture in China or otherwise are not subject to such tariffs. 

14

Table of Contents 

Effective in September 2018, the United States imposed tariffs of 10 on approximately 200 billion worth of goods imported from China List 3 products ), including categories of products the Company imports from China. These tariffs were increased to 25 effective in May 2019 and were scheduled to further increase to 30 in October 2019, which increases were subsequently delayed indefinitely after an interim deal was reached between the United States and China. Effective in September 2019, the United States imposed additional tariffs on essentially all remaining Chinese-origin imports, including approximately 300 billion worth of goods imported from China List 4 products ). Tariffs of 15 were imposed on certain List 4 products effective in September 2019 List 4A products ), and the remainder were scheduled to be subject to these tariffs effective in December 2019 List 4B products ). In January 2020, the United States and China signed a Phase One Economic and Trade Agreement, pursuant to which the tariff increases on the List 4B products remained suspended and the rate of additional tariffs on the List 4A products was reduced to 7.5 , while all other tariffs remain in place. The effects on the Company of these imposed and proposed tariffs are uncertain because of the dynamic nature of governmental actions and responses, as well as possible exemptions for certain products. If the U.S. and China are able to negotiate the issues to restore a mutually advantageous and fair trading regime, the increased tariffs could be eliminated, but given the uncertainties, including as a result of the recent change in U.S. administrations and any other political changes, there can be no assurance of whether, or when, this will be accomplished. If the currently imposed and proposed tariffs covering the categories of products that the Company imports continue or are increased, and the Company is unable to obtain an exception, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. 
 
 Although the Company is monitoring the trade environment and working to mitigate the effects of tariffs through pricing and sourcing strategies, including through ongoing inventory management, the Company cannot be certain how its customers and competitors will react to the actions taken. If the Company determines to pass some or all of these new tariff burdens on to its customers as product price increases in the future, the result may be a degradation of the Company s competitive position and a loss of customers that would adversely affect the Company s operating performance. Additional tariffs imposed by the United States, and any related countermeasures by China, including as a result of the heightened tensions between the United States and China over Hong Kong, could further increase the Company s cost of goods and reduce its gross margins. We cannot predict future trade policy, whether exclusions will be reinstated, or the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements and their impacts on our business. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions, the occurrence of a trade war, or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies has the potential to further adversely impact demand for our products, our costs, our customers, our suppliers, and the U.S. economy, which in turn could further adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company could be exposed to product liability or other claims for which its product liability or other insurance may be inadequate. 
 
 A failure of any of the products marketed by the Company may subject it to the risk of product liability claims and litigation arising from injuries allegedly caused by the improper functioning or design of its products. Although the Company currently maintains product liability insurance in amounts which the Company considers adequate, the Company cannot assure that: 

its insurance will provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities; 

adequate product liability insurance will continue to be available in the future; or 

its insurance can be maintained on acceptable terms. 

To the extent product liability or other litigation losses are beyond the limits or scope of the Company s insurance coverage, the Company s expenses could materially increase. 
 
 The Company s business could be materially and adversely affected if it cannot protect its intellectual property rights or if it infringes on the intellectual property rights of others. 
 
 The Company s ability to compete effectively depends on its ability to maintain and protect its proprietary rights. The Company owns the Emerson and other trademarks, which are materially important to its business, as well as other trademarks, licenses and proprietary rights that are used for certain of the products that it markets and sells. The Company s trademarks are registered throughout the world, including the United States and other countries. The laws of some foreign countries in which the Company operates may not protect the Company s proprietary rights to the same extent as do laws in the United States. The protections afforded by the laws of such countries may not be adequate to protect the Company s intellectual property rights. 
 
 Third parties may seek to challenge, invalidate, circumvent or render unenforceable any trademarks, patents or proprietary rights owned by or licensed to the Company. In addition, in the event third-party licensees fail to protect the integrity of the Company s trademarks, the value of these marks could be materially and adversely affected. The Company s inability to protect its proprietary rights could materially and adversely affect the license of its trade names, trademarks and other proprietary rights to third parties as well as its ability to sell its products. Litigation has been and may in the future be necessary to enforce the Company s intellectual property rights, protect the Company s trade secrets and determine the scope and validity of such intellectual property rights. Any such litigation, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management s attention from the operation of the Company s business. 

15

Table of Contents 

The Company may receive notices of claims of infringement of other parties proprietary rights. Such actions could result in litigation and the Company could incur significant costs and diversion of resources in defending such claims. The party making such claims could secure a judgment awarding substantial damages, as well as injunctive or other equitable relief. Such relief could effectively block the Company s ability to make, use, sell, distribute or market its products and services in certain jurisdictions. The Company may also be required to seek licenses to such intellectual property. The Company cannot predict, however, whether such licenses would be available or, if available, that such licenses could be obtained on terms that are commercially reasonable and acceptable to the Company. The failure to obtain the necessary licenses or other rights could delay or preclude the sale, manufacture or distribution of its products and could result in increased costs to the Company. 
 
 An information systems interruption or breach in security, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and reputation. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company electronically maintains sensitive data, including intellectual property, its proprietary business information and that of its customers and suppliers, and some personally identifiable information of employees, in its facilities and on its networks. In addition, the Company sells its products through online marketplaces, including Amazon, which rely upon third-party online payment platform service providers that maintain personal information collected from customers. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is important to the Company s operations. A breach of the Company s security systems and procedures or those of its vendors could result in significant data losses or theft of the Company s customers or the Company s employees intellectual property, proprietary business information or personally identifiable information. A cybersecurity breach could negatively affect the Company s reputation. 
 
 Because the techniques such as viruses and worms, phishing attacks, distributed denial-of-service attacks, ransomware, used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, the Company may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. In addition, hardware, software or applications the Company procures from third parties or uses in its online marketplaces may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to the Company s systems or facilities through fraud, trickery or other forms of deceiving its employees. Accordingly, the Company may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, or if such measures are implemented, and even with appropriate training conducted in support of such measures, human errors may still occur. It is virtually impossible for the Company to entirely mitigate this risk. A party, whether internal or external, who is able to circumvent the Company s security measures or those of its vendors could misappropriate information. In addition, cyber insurance may not protect against all of the costs and liabilities arising from a cyber-attack. 
 
 If the Company or the online payment platforms it uses fail to reasonably maintain the security of confidential information, the Company may suffer significant reputational and financial losses and the Company s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and liquidity may be adversely affected. In addition, a system breach could result in other negative consequences, including disruption of internal operations, and may subject the Company to private litigation, government investigations, enforcement actions, and cause the Company to incur potentially significant liability, damages, or remediation costs. 
 
 The Company operates its business in jurisdictions where intellectual property theft or compromise is common. 
 
 Currently, a majority of the Company s products are manufactured in China. Subject to contractual confidentiality obligations, the Company is required to share significant product design materials with third-parties necessary for the design and manufacture of our products. The Company cannot be sure that its data or intellectual property will not be compromised through cyber-intrusion, theft or other means, particularly when the data or intellectual property is held by partners in foreign jurisdictions. Should the Company s intellectual property be compromised, it may be difficult to enforce the Company s rights in China and other foreign jurisdictions in which the Company operates. 
 
 Fluctuations in the Company s tax obligations and effective tax rate and realization of deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards, may result in volatility of the Company s operating results. 
 
 The Company is subject to income taxes in various federal, state, local and certain foreign jurisdictions. The Company records tax expense based on its estimates of future payments, which may include reserves for uncertain tax positions in multiple tax jurisdictions, and valuation allowances related to certain net deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards. In addition, tax laws in certain jurisdictions may limit the ability to use net operating loss carryforwards upon a change in control. At any one time, many tax years may be subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. The results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these issues. In addition, the Company s effective tax rate in a given financial statement period may be materially affected by a variety of factors including but not limited to changes in the mix and level of revenues, varying tax rates in the different jurisdictions in which the Company operates, fluctuations in the valuation allowance, timing of the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards, or by changes to existing accounting rules or regulations. Further, tax legislation or changes in tax rules and regulations or the interpretations thereof may be enacted in the future which could negatively affect the Company s current or future tax structure and effective tax rates. For example, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development's OECD Inclusive Framework project is currently considering proposals that, if implemented, could increase our effective tax rate. In particular, the Inclusive Framework project includes a global minimum tax proposal that contains various mechanisms to subject a multinational corporation's income to a 15 minimum rate. Though the details of these proposals are still under development, many countries have expressed a strong interest in implementing the rules, regardless of whether consensus is reached at the OECD, and the EU recently agreed to implement the Inclusive Framework project's global minimum tax rules starting in 2024. Whether, and to what extent, these rules are implemented consistently across jurisdictions may increase our related compliance costs and could have an adverse impact on our global effective tax rate, financial condition and results of operations. 

16

Table of Contents 

Corporate Governance and Stock Ownership Risks 
 
 There is a limited trading market for the Company s common stock and the market price of the Company s common stock is subject to volatility. 
 
 The Company s common stock, which trades on the NYSE American, has experienced, and may experience in the future, significant price and volume fluctuations, which could adversely affect the market price of the Company s common stock. For example, the Company believes that recent volatility in the market price of the Company s common stock reflects market and trading dynamics unrelated to the Company s underlying business or macro or industry fundamentals. These fluctuations have been accompanied by reports of strong and atypical retail investor interest, including on social media and online forums. The Company may continue to incur rapid and substantial increases or decreases in its stock price that may not coincide in timing with the disclosure of news or developments by or affecting the Company. Accordingly, the market price of the Company s common stock may fluctuate dramatically, and may decline rapidly, regardless of any developments in the Company s business. The market price of the Company s common stock may also fluctuate significantly in response to various factors and events, including: 

actual or anticipated variations in operating results and cash flows; 

loss of a key customer, licensee or supplier; 

announcements or events that affect the Company s products, customers, competitors or markets; 

general business conditions in the markets and industry in which the Company competes; 

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

the increase in the number of individual holders of the Company s common stock and their participation in social media platforms targeted at speculative investing; 

the level of the Company s stock repurchase activity; 

concentration of holdings of the Company s common stock; and 

other events or factors, including those listed under this section entitled Risk Factors. 

In addition, the securities markets have recently experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies due to, among other factors, the actions of market participants or other actions outside of the Company s control, including general market volatility caused by the coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic, high inflation, rising interest rates and bank failures. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may negatively impact the market price of the Company s common stock. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action litigation. The Company may be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention. 
 
 The Company is a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE American rules and, as a result, qualifies for, and relies on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. As a result, the Company s shareholders do not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 
 
 Nimble Holdings Company Limited Nimble ), formerly known as The Grande Holdings Limited, through one of its indirect subsidiaries, is the beneficial owner of approximately 72.4 of the Company s outstanding common stock as of March 31, 2023 . As a result, the Company is a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE American Company Guide. Under the NYSE American rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by another person or group of persons acting together is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain NYSE American corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

a majority of the Company s Board of Directors consist of independent directors; 

17

Table of Contents 

the Company has a nominating committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

the Company has a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

The Company has elected to use certain of these exemptions and the Company may continue to use all or some of these exemptions in the future for so long as the Company is a controlled company. The Company s Board of Directors acts as the nominating committee and compensation committee and determines the compensation and benefits of the Company s executive officers, administers its employee stock and benefit plans, as may be in effect from time to time, and reviews policies relating to the compensation and benefits of its employees. Although all board members have fiduciary obligations in connection with compensation matters, the Company s lack of an independent compensation committee presents the risk that any executive officers who are also directors may have influence over their personal compensation and benefits levels that may not be commensurate with the Company s financial performance. Accordingly, shareholders of the Company do not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE American. 
 
 The controlling ownership of the Company s common stock by an indirect subsidiary of Nimble substantially reduces the influence of other stockholders, and the interests of Nimble may conflict with the interests of the Company s other stockholders. 
 
 Nimble, through one of its indirect subsidiaries, is the beneficial owner of approximately 72.4 of the Company s outstanding common stock as of March 31, 2023 . As a result, Nimble will be able to exert significant influence over the Company s business and have the ability to control the approval process for actions by the Company that require stockholder approval, including: the election of the Company s directors and the approval of mergers, sales of assets or other significant corporate transactions or matters submitted for stockholder approval. Nimble may have interests that differ from your interests and may cause the shares in the Company beneficially owned by Nimble to be voted in a way with which you disagree and that may be adverse to your interests. In addition, several provisions of the Company s organizational documents and Delaware law may deter or prevent a takeover attempt, including a takeover attempt in which the potential purchaser offers to pay a per share price greater than the current market price of the Company s common stock. Under the terms of the Company s certificate of incorporation, its board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof. These provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control transaction. They could also have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for the Company s common stock, including transactions that may be in your best interests. 
 
 The Company s bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or the federal district courts in Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by the Company s stockholders, which could limit stockholders ability to have certain claims heard in any other judicial forum. 
 
 Pursuant to the Company s corporate bylaws, as amended (the bylaws ), unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company; (ii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Company or any stockholder to the Company or the Company s stockholders; (iii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against the Company or any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Company or any stockholder arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time); (iv) any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws (including any right, obligation or remedy thereunder); (v) any action or proceeding as to which the General Corporation Law of Delaware confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and (vi) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director, officer or other employee of the Company or any stockholder, governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. This forum selection clause in the Company s bylaws does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States of America have exclusive jurisdiction. The bylaws further provide, that, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. In addition, the bylaws provide that any person or entity holding, owning or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Company shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to these provisions. The forum selection clause in the Company s bylaws may limit stockholders ability to have certain claims heard in any court other than in the Court of Chancery or the federal district courts in Delaware. 

18

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Not applicable. 

Item 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Information with respect to this Item 3 may be found under the heading Legal Proceedings in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in this report, which information is incorporated into this Item 3 by reference. 

Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a) Market Information 
 
 The Company s common stock began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol MSN on December 22, 1994, and currently trades on the NYSE American under the same symbol. 
 
 There is no established trading market for the Company s Series A convertible preferred stock, whose conversion feature expired as of March 31, 2002. 
 
 (b) Holders 
 
 At June 14, 2023, there were 155 stockholders of the Company s common stock whose shares were registered with the Company s transfer agent. Such number does not include beneficial owners holding the Company s common stock through nominee names. 
 
 (c) Dividends 
 
 The Company has not paid cash dividends on its common stock since an extraordinary dividend paid on September 30, 2014, and does not currently plan to declare dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends, if any, would be at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and would depend on the Company s results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, prospects, contractual arrangements, and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

Item 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion of the Company s operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect the Company s plans, estimates and beliefs. The Company s actual results could differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those under Item 1A Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Information and in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

19

Table of Contents 

In the following discussion, most percentages and dollar amounts have been rounded to aid presentation. As a result, all figures are approximations. 
 
 Results of Operations: 
 
 The following table summarizes certain financial information for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): 

Twelve Months Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Net product sales 

6,075 

7,941 

Licensing revenue 

1,102 

265 

Net revenues 

7,177 

8,206 

Cost of sales 

5,076 

6,237 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

4,197 

5,409 

Operating loss 

(2,096) 

(3,440) 

Loss on settlement of litigation 

- 

(450) 

Interest income, net 

702 

57 

Income from governmental assistance programs 

34 

207 

Loss before income taxes 

(1,360) 

(3,626) 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

(1,360) 

(3,626) 

Results of Operations Fiscal 2023 compared with Fiscal 2022 
 
 Net product sales Net product sales are comprised primarily of the sales of houseware and audio products which bear the Emerson b rand name. Net product sales for fiscal 2023 were 6.1 million as compared to 7.9 million for fiscal 2022 , a decrease of 1.8 million, or 23.5 . The Company s sales were highly concentrated among three customers - Walmart, Amazon and Fred Meyer - representing in the aggregate approximately 90.2 and 90.5 of the Company s total gross product sales in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 , respectively. The decrease in net product sales during fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily driven by decreased consumer demand for certain of the Company s products, in particular clock radios, due to excess inventories from purchases made in fiscal 2022. Net product sales may be periodically impacted by adjustments made to the Company s sales allowance and marketing support accrual to record unanticipated customer deductions from accounts receivable or to reduce the accrual by any amounts which were accrued in the past but not taken by customers through deductions from accounts receivable within a certain time period. In the aggregate, these adjustments had the effect of increasing net product sales and operating income by approximately 45,000 and nil for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 , respectively. The major elements which contributed to the overall decrease in net product sales were as follows: 

i) 
 Houseware product net sales remained the same at 1.7 million in both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 , principally driven by similar sales of microwave ovens. 

ii) 
 Audio product net sales were 4.4 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 6.3 million in fiscal 2022 , a decrease of 1.9 million, or 29.6 , resulting from decreased net sales of clock radios. 

Business operations The Company expects to continue to expand its existing distribution channels and to develop and promote new products with retailers in the U.S. The Company is also continuing to invest in products and marketing activities to expand its sales through internet and ecommerce channels. These efforts require investments in appropriate human resources, media marketing and development of products in various categories in addition to the traditional home appliances and audio products on which the Company has historically focused. The Company also is continuing its efforts to identify strategic courses of action related to its licensing activities, including seeking new licensing relationships. The Company has engaged each of LMCA and GLS as an agent to assist in identifying and procuring potential licensees. 

20

Table of Contents 

Emerson s success is dependent on its ability to anticipate and respond to changing consumer demands and trends in a timely manner, as well as expanding into new markets and sourcing new products that are profitable to the Company. Geo-political factors may also affect the Company s operations and demand for the Company s products, which are subject to customs requirements and to tariffs and quotas set by governments through mutual agreements and bilateral actions. The Company expects that U.S. tariffs on categories of products that the Company imports from China, and China s retaliatory tariffs on certain goods imported from the United States, as well as modifications to international trade policy, will continue to affect its product costs going forward. If no mitigation steps are taken, or the mitigation is unsuccessful, the combination of tariffs will result in significantly increased annualized costs to the Company as all of the Company s products are currently manufactured by suppliers in China. Although the Company is monitoring the trade and political environment and working to mitigate the possible effect of tariffs with its suppliers as well as its customers through pricing and sourcing strategies, the Company cannot be certain how its customers and competitors will react to the actions taken. In addition, heightened tensions between the United States and China over Hong Kong and any resulting retaliatory policies may affect our operations in Hong Kong. At this time the Company is unable to quantify possible effects on its costs arising from the new tariffs, which are expected to increase the Company s inventory costs and associated costs of sales as tariffs are incurred, and some costs may be passed through to the Company s customers as product price increases in the future. However, if the Company is unable to successfully pass through the additional costs or otherwise mitigate the effects of these tariffs, or if the higher prices reduce demand for the Company s products, it will have a negative effect on the Company s product sales and gross margins. 
 
 Starting in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the global COVID-19 pandemic has presented significant challenges and impacted the Company s business and operating results, and the operations and production capabilities of the Company s suppliers in China. The pandemic has directly and indirectly disrupted certain sales and supply chain activities. Global component shortages, in particular semiconductor chips, arising from changes in consumer demand and reduced manufacturing capacity related to the COVID-19 pandemic may cause price fluctuations and longer lead times in the supply of these components. Although the Company is seeking alternate suppliers for these components, developing alternate sources of supply will be time consuming, difficult and costly, and may require the re-tooling of products to accommodate components from different suppliers. In addition to increasing cost trends, the Company s suppliers are not equipped to hold meaningful amounts of inventory and could pause manufacturing, which could ultimately impact the Company s ability to fulfill customer orders on a timely basis. These impacts on the Company s supply chain may continue to impact the Company s ability to meet product demand, which could result in additional costs, customer d issatisfaction in the event of inventory shortages or may otherwise adversely impact the Company s business and results of operations. 
 
 In light of the adverse macroeconomic conditions domestically and internationally, the Company has implemented certain cost-reduction actions intended to reduce expenditures. However, the environment remains uncertain and demand for the Company s products remains competitive and retailer actions to continue carefully managing inventory. Accordingly, current results and financial condition discussed herein may not be indicative of future operating results and trends. 
 
 For more information on risks associated with the Company s operations, including tariffs and the COVID-19 pandemic, please see the risk factors within Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Legal Proceedings On April 19, 2022, the US District Court for the District of Delaware granted judgment in favor of the Company in its trademark infringement lawsuit against air conditioning and heating products provider Emerson Quiet Kool and wholesaler Home Easy (the defendants ). Among other things, the court order issues an injunction and directs the US Patent and Trademark Office to cancel the defendants existing and proposed Emerson Quiet Kool trademarks and prohibits defendants from registering or applying to register or using the same mark or any other mark or name containing the word Emerson going forward. The judgment also awards 6.5 million to the Company. The defendants have to date conditionally made payments, including certain advances and a portion of their liability, which are reflected as advanced deposits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, in connection with ongoing negotiations among the parties. The aggregate amount of the payments is 4.1 million, which has been reduced by approximately 0.8 million of legal fees incurred in fiscal 2023, in pursuit of the advanced deposits. The judgement is presently on appeal to the US Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to collect the entire judgment or that a negotiated resolution regarding these matters will ever be agreed among the parties or, if agreed, how soon the parties will be able to do so. 
 
 Licensing revenue Licensing revenue in fiscal 2023 was approximately 1,102,000 as compared to 265,000 for fiscal 2022 , an increase of 837,000, or 316 , of which 730,000 was derived from sell-off agreements made with customers of Emerson Quiet Kool. The balance of the increase in licensing revenue was due to the signing of two new license agreements in fiscal 2023, one of which was terminated in June 2023. 

21

Table of Contents 

Net revenues The Company s net revenues were 7.2 million for fiscal 2023 as compared to 8.2 million for fiscal 2022 , a decrease of 1.0 million, or 12.5 , which was driven primarily by the decrease in audio product net sales, offset by the increase in licensing revenue. 
 
 Cost of sales Cost of sales includes the components described in Note 1 Cost of Sales of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In absolute terms, cost of sales decreased 1.1 million, or 18.6 , to 5.1 million in fiscal 2023 as compared to 6.2 million in fiscal 2022 . The decrease in absolute terms for fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily related to the decline in net product sales partially offset by higher year-over-year gross cost of sales as a percentage of gross sales. The increase in gross cost of sales as a percentage of gross sales for fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily related to the change in the product mix of audio products compared to houseware products. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses S,G A S,G A, as a percentage of net revenues, was 58.5 in fiscal 2023 as compared to 65.8 in fiscal 2022 . Fiscal 2023 S,G A, in absolute terms, was 4.2 million and in fiscal 2022 S,G A, in absolute terms, was 5.4 million, a decrease of 1.2 million, or 22.3 . The decrease in S,G A was primarily due to reduced legal fees of approximately 794,000 or 62.3 . In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company identified approximately 784,000 in legal fees incurred in the pursuit of 4.1 million in advanced deposits from Emerson Quiet Kool during fiscal 2023. The Company applied those legal fees against the advanced deposit of 4.1 million, which now amounts to 3.3 million on the consolidated balance sheets. Legal fees during fiscal 2023 were approximately 479,000 as compared to 1,273,000 during fiscal 2022 . The majority of the decrease in legal fees related to the application of specifically identified legal fees of approximately 784,000 against the advanced deposits of 4.1 million. The Company also benefitted by reductions in compensation costs of 242,000, insurance costs of 94,000 and directors fees of 63,000. 
 
 Loss on settlement of litigation On January 3, 2022, a legal settlement was entered into between the Company and one of its former directors that resolved certain disputes, including certain claims against the former director and an indemnification claim made by the former director. The amount of the settlement was 450,000. 
 
 Interest income, net Interest income, net, was 702,000 in fiscal 2023 as compared to 57,000 in fiscal 2022 , resulting from an increase in interest rates earned on the Company s short term investments during fiscal 2023 . 
 
 Income from governmental assistance programs During fiscal 2023 , the Company recorded income of approximately 34,000 related to assistance received from the Hong Kong government under a program called the Employment Support Scheme ("ESS"). During fiscal 2022 , the Company recorded income of approximately 207,000, related to its Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan forgiveness and of approximately 83,000, related to assistance received from the ESS program. See Note 15 - Paycheck Protection Program and Employment Support Scheme . 
 
 Provision for income tax expense The Company adopted ASU 2019-12 during fiscal 2023 and recorded its non-income based state taxes of approximately 7,000 to S,G A. In order to conform fiscal 2022 to the current presentation, approximately 11,000 of non-income based state taxes were reclassified to S,G A. In fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 , the Company recorded a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets of approximately 394,000 and 844,000, respectively. See Note 5 Income Taxes of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Net (loss) As a result of the foregoing factors, the Company recorded a net loss of 1.4 million for fiscal 2023 as compared to a net loss of 3.6 million for fiscal 2022 . 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 General 
 
 As of March 31, 2023 , the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 25.3 million as compared to approximately 25.6 million at March 31, 2022 . Working capital decreased to 26.4 million at March 31, 2023 as compared to 28.1 million at March 31, 2022 . The decrease in cash and cash equivalents of approximately 308,000 is set out in Cash Flows below. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Net cash used by operating activities was approximately 0.3 million for fiscal 2023 , compared to approximately 4.7 million for fiscal 2022, resulting from a 1.7 million increase in inventory, a 1.4 million loss generated during the period, a 0.4 million decrease in long term income taxes payable, a 0.2 million increase in licensing receivable and a 0.1 million decrease in accounts receivable partially offset by a 3.3 million increase in advanced deposits and a 0.2 million increase in short term taxes payable. 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was nil for fiscal 2023 , compared to 25.0 million for fiscal 2022 , primarily due to a decrease of investments in short term deposits. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was nil for both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 . 

22

Table of Contents 

Credit Arrangements 
 
 Letters of Credit The Company utilizes the services of one of its banks to issue secured letters of credit on behalf of the Company, as needed, on a 100 cash collateralized basis. At March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the Company had no letters of credit outstanding. 
 
 Short-term Liquidity 
 
 The Company s principal existing sources of cash are generated from operations. The Company believes that its cash on hand and existing sources of cash will be sufficient to support its existing operations over the next 12 months. 
 
 Historically, a si gnificant percentage of the Company s product sales were made under the Direct Import Program. The direct importation of product by the Company to its customers can significantly benefit the Company s liquidity because this inventory does not need to be financed by the Company. In fiscal 2023 , approximately 16 of the Company s product sales were imported directly to the Company s customers. In fiscal 2022 , approximately 9 of the Company s product sales were imported directly to the Company s customers. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, there were no capital expenditure or other commitments other than the normal purchase orders used to secure product. 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Loan 
 
 In April and May of 2020, the Company applied for and received aggregate PPP loan proceeds of approximately 204,000 under the PPP. The Company used all of the Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") loan proceeds for qualifying expenses in accordance with terms of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act and applied for forgiveness of the loan to the extent applicable. On July 5, 2021, the Company s PPP loan was completely forgiven by the Small Business Administration. See Note 15 Paycheck Protection Program and Employment Support Scheme of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, the Company did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Legal Matters 
 
 The Company is subject to various legal proceedings, the outcomes of which are inherently uncertain. The Company records any potential gains related to legal proceedings only after cash is collected. The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires significant judgment. Resolution of legal matters in a manner inconsistent with management s expectations could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results. See Note 11 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations are based upon its consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted within the United States. The preparation of the Company s financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Management considers certain accounting policies related to inventories, trade accounts receivables, impairment of long-lived assets, valuation of deferred tax assets, sales return reserves and sales allowance accruals to be critical policies due to the estimation processes involved in each. 
 
 Revenue recognition : Sales to customers and related cost of sales are primarily recognized at the point in time when control of goods transfers to the customer. Under the Direct Import Program, title passes in the country of origin. Under the Domestic Program, title passes primarily at the time of shipment. Under both programs, the Company recognizes revenues at the time title passes to the customer as this is when the Company satisfies its performance obligation under the contracts with its customers. Estimates for future expected returns are based upon historical return rates and netted against revenues. 

23

Table of Contents 

Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods. Revenue is recorded net of customer discounts, promotional allowances, volume rebates and similar charges. When the Company offers the right to return product, historical experience is utilized to establish a liability for the estimate of expected returns. Sales and other tax amounts collected from customers for remittance to governmental authorities are excluded from revenue. 
 
 The Company adopted ASC topic 606 effective April 1, 2018. Sales allowances, marketing support programs, promotions and other volume-based incentives which are provided to retailers and distributors are accounted for on an accrual basis as a reduction to net revenues in the period in which the related sales are recognized. Prior to the adoption of ASC topic 606, the Company followed the provisions of ASC topic 605. The adoption of ASC topic 606 did not have a material impact on revenue recognition as compared to revenue recognition provided under ASC topic 605. 
 
 If additional marketing support programs, promotions and other volume-based incentives are required to promote the Company s products subsequent to the initial sale, then additional reserves may be required and are accrued for when such support is offered. 
 
 Inventory. Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out basis and includes inventory purchase costs and allocated overhead. The Company records valuation adjustments for the excess cost of inventory over the estimated net realizable value. Valuation adjustments for slow-moving and obsolete inventory are calculated on an individual product basis based on physical inspection of the product in connection with a physical inventory, review of slow-moving products, forecasted sales, and consideration of active marketing programs. 
 
 Trade Accounts Receivable. The Company extends credit based upon evaluations of a customer s financial condition and provides for any anticipated credit losses in the Company s financial statements based upon management s estimates and ongoing reviews of recorded allowances. If the financial condition of a customer deteriorates, resulting in an impairment of that customer s ability to make payments, additional reserves may be required. Conversely, reserves are reduced to reflect credit and collection improvements. 
 
 Income Taxes. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce the amount of its deferred tax assets to the amount that management estimates is more likely than not to be realized. While management considers future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance, in the event that management determines that a deferred tax asset will likely be realized in the future in excess of the net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would increase income in the period such determination was made. Likewise, if it is determined that all or part of a net deferred tax asset will likely not be realized in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would be charged to income in the period such determination was made. 
 
 Sales Return Reserves. Management must make estimates of potential future product returns related to current period product revenue. Management analyzes historical returns, current economic trends and changes in customer demand for the Company s products when evaluating the adequacy of the reserve for sales returns. Management judgments and estimates must be made and used in connection with establishing the sales return reserves in any accounting period. Additional reserves may be required if actual sales returns increase above the historical return rates. Conversely, the sales return reserve could be decreased if the actual return rates are less than the historical return rates, which were used to establish the reserve. 
 
 Sales Allowance and Marketing Support Accruals. Sales allowances, marketing support programs, promotions and other volume-based incentives which are provided to retailers and distributors are accounted for on an accrual basis as a reduction to net revenues in the period in which the related sales are recognized in accordance with ASC topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . 
 
 At the time of sale, the Company reduces recognized gross revenue by allowances to cover, in addition to estimated sales returns as required by ASC topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, (i) sales incentives offered to customers that meet the criteria for accrual and (ii) an estimated amount to recognize additional non-offered deductions it anticipates and can reasonably estimate will be taken by customers, which it does not expect to recover. Accruals for the estimated amount of future non-offered deductions are required to be made as contra-revenue items, because that percentage of shipped revenue fails to meet the collectability criteria within ASC topic 606. 
 
 If additional marketing support programs, promotions and other volume-based incentives are required to promote the Company s products subsequent to the initial sale, then additional reserves may be required and are accrued for when such support is offered. 

24

Table of Contents 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 The following ASUs were issued by the FASB which relate to or could relate to the Company as concerns the Company s normal ongoing operations or the industry in which the Company operates. 
 
 Accounting Standards Update 2019-12 Income Taxes (Topic 740) Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (Issued December 2019) 
 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes, which is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. ASU 2019-12 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. This standard is required to take effect in the Company s first quarter (June 2021) of the Company s fiscal year ending March 31, 2022. The impact of ASU 2019-12 on the Company s consolidated financial statements is limited. The Company is currently only subject to non-income based state taxes. 

Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Issued June 2016) 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses to introduce new guidance for the accounting for credit losses on instruments within its scope. ASU 2016-13 requires among other things, the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable supportable forecasts. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. In addition, ASU 2016-13 amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material impact on its financial statements. 

Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

25

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page No. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 27 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 29 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 30 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 31 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 32 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 33 

26

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To: the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 of Emerson Radio Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Emerson Radio Corp. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two-year period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below arise from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relates. 

27

Table of Contents 

Inventories 
 
 As described in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company values inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value (determined on a first-in, first-out basis) and includes inventory purchase costs and allocated overhead. The Company records valuation adjustments for the excess cost of inventory over the estimated net realizable value. Valuation adjustments for slow-moving and obsolete inventory are calculated on an individual product basis based on physical inspection of the product in connection with a physical inventory, review of slow-moving products, forecasted sales, and consideration of active marketing programs. 

We identified valuation adjustments for slow-moving and obsolete inventories as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgment required by management in developing its assumptions about forecasted consumption and sales, and in determining the estimated net realizable value adjustments applied to individual inventory items. Testing management s assumptions and estimates used in calculating the valuation adjustments required a high degree of auditor judgment. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 We tested the reliability of system-generated reports used by management on a sample basis by agreeing the selected items to the underlying records. 
 We observed the physical condition of inventories during physical inventory counts. 
 We tested the accuracy of the valuation adjustments by selecting a sample of inventory items and recalculating the estimated net realizable value based upon subsequent period transactions. 
 We tested the reasonableness of management s assumptions about forecasted sales by: 
 Performing a retrospective review to assess management s estimated percentages by comparing the prior year inventory to current year consumption and sales. 
 Corroborating the assumptions related to slow-moving products and forecasted sales with management. 

/s/ MSPC 
 Certified Public Accountants and Advisors, 
 A Professional Corporation 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 
 
 New York, New York 
 June 26, 2023 

28

Table of Contents 

EMERSON RADIO CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 For The Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

2023 2022 
 
 Net revenues: 
 Net product sales 
 Licensing revenue 
 Net revenues 
 Costs and expenses: 
 Cost of sales 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 
 Operating loss 
 Other (loss) income: 
 Loss on settlement of litigation 
 Interest income, net 
 Income from governmental assistance programs 
 Loss before income taxes 
 Provision for income tax expense 
 Net loss 
 Basic loss per share 
 Diluted loss per share 
 Weighted average shares outstanding 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

29

Table of Contents 

EMERSON RADIO CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 (In thousands) 

March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 
 Current Assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Licensing receivable 
 Inventory 
 Prepaid purchases 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total Current Assets 
 Non-Current Assets: 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Right-of-use asset-operating leases 
 Right-of-use asset-finance leases 
 Other assets 
 Total Non-Current Assets 
 Total Assets 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Current Liabilities: 
 Accounts payable and other current liabilities 
 Due to affiliate 
 Short-term operating lease liability 
 Short-term finance lease liability 
 Income tax payable, current portion 
 Advanced deposits 
 Deferred revenue 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 Non-Current Liabilities: 
 Long-term operating lease liability 
 Long-term finance lease liability 
 Income tax payable 
 Total Non-Current Liabilities 
 Total Liabilities 
 Shareholders Equity: 
 Series A Preferred shares 10,000,000 shares authorized; 3,677 shares issued and outstanding; liquidation preference of 3,677,000 
 Common shares 0.01 par value, 75,000,000 shares authorized; 52,965,797 shares issued at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively; 21,042,652 shares outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Treasury stock, at cost 31,923,145 shares at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) 
 Total Shareholders Equity 
 Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

30

Table of Contents 

EMERSON RADIO CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 For The Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 (In thousands) 

Common Stock Additional Total 
 Preferred Number Par Paid-In Accumulated Treasury Shareholders 
 Stock of Shares Value Capital Deficit Stock Equity 
 Balance March 31, 2021 
 Net loss 
 Balance March 31, 2022 
 Net loss 
 Balance March 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

31

Table of Contents 

EMERSON RADIO CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For The Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

2023 2022 
 (In thousands) 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 
 Net (loss) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used) by operating activities: 
 Loan forgiveness from Paycheck Protection Program 
 Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Asset valuation allowances 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable 
 Licensing receivable 
 Inventory 
 Prepaid purchases 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Other assets 
 Accounts payable and other current liabilities 
 Right of use assets-operating 
 Short term lease liabilities 
 Long term lease liabilities 
 Due to affiliate 
 Income taxes payable 
 Advanced deposits 
 Deferred revenue 
 Net cash (used) by operating activities 
 Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 
 Proceeds from sale of short-term investments 
 Additions to property and equipment 
 Purchases of short-term investments 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 
 Supplemental disclosures: 
 Cash paid for: 
 Interest 
 Income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

32

Table of Contents 

EMERSON RADIO CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation. The Company reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with ASC Topics 350 Intangibles and 360 Property, Plant and Equipment . The recoverability of assets held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. Future events could cause the Company to conclude that impairment indicators exist and that long-lived assets may be impaired. If impairment is deemed to exist, the asset will be written down to fair value. Any such impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

Depreciation of property and equipment is provided by the straight-line method as follows: 
 
 Computer, Equipment and Software Three years to seven years 
 Furniture and Fixtures Seven years 
 Leasehold Improvements Straight-line basis over the shorter of the useful life of the improvement or the term of the lease 

day period for audio products, under which the Company pays for labor and parts, or offers a new or similar unit in exchange for a non-performing unit. 
 
 Licensing 
 
 In addition to the distribution of products, the Company grants licenses for the right to access the Company s intellectual property, specifically the Company s trademarks, for a stated term for the manufacture and/or sale of consumer electronics and other products under agreements which require payment of either (i) a non-refundable minimum guaranteed royalty or, (ii) the greater of the actual royalties due (based on a contractual calculation, normally comprised of actual product sales by the licensee multiplied by a stated royalty rate, or Sales Royalties or a minimum guaranteed royalty amount. In the case of (i), such amounts are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the license agreement. In the case of (ii), Sales Royalties in excess of guaranteed minimums are accounted for as variable fees and are not recognized as revenue until the Company has ascertained that the licensee s sales of products have exceeded the guaranteed minimum. In effect, the Company recognizes the greater of Sales Royalties earned to date or the straight-line amount of minimum guaranteed royalties to date. In the case where a royalty is paid to the Company in advance, the royalty payment is initially recorded as deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized as revenue as the royalties are deemed to be earned according to the principles outlined above. 

for the year ended March 31, 2023 and increased by for the year ended March 31, 2022 . 

as compared to approximately as of March 31, 2022, a decrease of during fiscal 2023. At March 31, 2022, the sales return reserve balance was approximately as compared to approximately as of March 31, 2021, an increase of during fiscal 2022. 

of advertising expenses during fiscal 2023 and during fiscal 2022 . 

At the time of sale, the Company reduces recognized gross revenue by allowances to cover, in addition to estimated sales returns as required by ASC topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. (i) sales incentives offered to customers that meet the criteria for accrual and (ii) an estimated amount to recognize additional non-offered deductions it anticipates and can reasonably estimate will be taken by customers which it does not expect to recover. Accruals for the estimated amount of future non-offered deductions are required to be made as contra-revenue items because that percentage of shipped revenue fails to meet the collectability criteria within ASC topic 606. 
 
 If additional marketing support programs, promotions and other volume-based incentives are required to promote the Company s products subsequent to the initial sale, then additional reserves may be required and are accrued for when such support is offered. 
 
 The sales and marketing support accrual activity for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 was as follows (in thousands): 

additions 
 usages 
 adjustments 
 Balance at March 31, 2022 
 additions 
 usages 
 adjustments 
 Balance at March 31, 2023 

Interest income 
 Interest income, net 

Accounting Standards Update 2016 - 13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Issued June 2016) 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016 - 13 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses to introduce new guidance for the accounting for credit losses on instruments within its scope. ASU 2016 - 13 requires among other things, the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable supportable forecasts. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. In addition, ASU 2016 - 13 amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. ASU 2016 - 13 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material impact on its financial statements. 

shares, or approximately , of the Company s outstanding common stock as of March 31, 2022. Accordingly, the Company is a controlled company as defined in Section 801 (a) of the NYSE American Company Guide. 

Related Party Transactions 
 
 Charges of rental and utility fees on office space in Hong Kong 
 
 During fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 , the Company was billed approximately and , resp ectively, for rental and utility fees from Vigers Appraisal and Consulting Ltd VACL ), which is a company related to the Company s Chairman of the Board. The Company owed to VACL related to rental charges as of March 31, 2023 and nil as of March 31, 2022 . 
 
 During fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 , the Company was billed approximately and , respectively, for its share of installation charges related to an air conditioning system, and purchase of protective materials for coronavirus from Vigers Strategic Services Ltd VSSL ), which is a company related to the Company s Chairman of the Board. Vigers Strategic Services Ltd is formerly known as Lafe Strategic Services Ltd. The Company owed nil to VSSL related to these charges as at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 . 

Furniture and fixtures 
 Leasehold improvements 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Depreciation of property and equipment amounted to approximately and for the twelve months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. During fiscal 2023 , the Company disposed of fully depreciated property and equipment with a gross book value of approximately . The Company did not recognize a gain or loss on these disposals. During fiscal 2022 , the Company did not dispose of any property and equipment. 

Foreign, state and other 
 Deferred: 
 Federal 
 Foreign, state and other 
 Provision for income tax expense 

The Company adopted ASU 2019 - 12 (Topic 740 Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes during fiscal 2022 . In the table above, the income tax expense of in fiscal 2023 and in fiscal 2022 , was removed as it represented non-income based taxes. 
 
 The Company files a consolidated federal return and certain state and local income tax returns. 
 
 The difference between the effective rate reflected in the provision for income taxes and the amounts determined by applying the statutory federal rate of to earnings before income taxes for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 is analyzed below: 
 Foreign subsidiary 
 State taxes 
 Permanent differences 
 Adjustment to prior year taxes 
 Valuation allowance 
 Provision for income tax expense 

As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 , the significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets which were classified as non-current, were as follows: 

Inventory 
 Accruals 
 Property and equipment and intangible assets 
 Net operating loss and credit carry forwards 
 Valuation allowance 
 Total deferred tax assets 

The Company has million of U.S. federal net operating loss carry forwards NOLs and million of state NOLs as of March 31, 2023 as follows: 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 1.4 2034 
 2017 0.8 2036 
 2018 2.6 2037 
 2019 2.7 2038 
 2020 3.0 2039 
 2021 3.7 2040 
 2022 3.4 2041 
 2023 2042 
 Total 

The tax benefits related to these state NOLs and future deductible temporary differences are recorded to the extent management believes it is more likely than not that such benefits will be realized. 
 
 The income of foreign subsidiaries before taxes was for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 as compared to income before taxes of for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 , respectively. 
 
 The Company analyzed the future reasonability of recognizing its deferred tax assets at March 31, 2023 . As a result, the Company concluded that a valuation allowance of approximately would be recorded against the assets. 
 
 The Company is subject to examination and assessment by tax authorities in numerous jurisdictions. As of March 31, 2023 , the Company s open tax years for examination for U.S. federal tax are 2017 - 2023, and for U.S. states tax are 2012 - 2023. Based on the outcome of tax examinations or due to the expiration of statutes of limitations, it is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken in previously filed returns may be different from the liabilities that have been recorded for these unrecognized tax benefits. As a result, the Company may be subject to additional tax expense. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023 the Company is asserting under ASC 740 - 30 that all of the unremitted earnings of its foreign subsidiaries are indefinitely invested. The Company evaluates this assertion each period based on a number of factors, including the operating plans, budgets, and forecasts for both the Company and its foreign subsidiaries; the long-term and short-term financial requirements in the U.S. and in each foreign jurisdiction; and the tax consequences of any decision to repatriate earnings of foreign subsidiaries to the U.S. 
 
 The Tax Cut and Job Act TCJA establishes new tax rules designed to tax U.S. companies on global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) earned by foreign subsidiaries. The Company has evaluated this provision of the TCJA and the application of ASC 740 and its impact is reflected in the financial statements as of March 31, 2023 . 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

Rent expense resulting from leases with non-affiliated companies aggregated and for fiscal 2023 and 2022 . 
 
 Letters of Credit: 
 
 The Company utilizes the services of one of its banks to issue secured letters of credit on behalf of the Company, as needed, on a 100 cash collateralized basis. At March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 , the Company had letters of credit outstanding. 
 
 Capital Expenditure: 
 
 As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 , there were capital expenditures or other commitments other than the normal purchase orders used to secure product. 
 
 Employee Benefit Plan: 
 
 The Company currently sponsors a defined contribution 401 (k) retirement plan which is subject to the provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. The Company matches a percentage of the participants contributions up to a specified amount. These contributions to the plan for fiscal 2023 and 2022 were and , resp ectively, and were charged against earnings for the periods presented. 

with a par value per share, of which were outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 . Shares held in treasury at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 were . 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock: 
 
 The Company has issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, . par value Preferred Stock ), with a face value of , which had no determinable market value as of March 31, 2023 . The Preferred Stock is non-voting, has no dividend preferences and has not been convertible since March 31, 2002; however, it retains a liquidation preference. 

million in term deposits which were classified as cash equivalents as of March 31, 2023 and million in term deposits classified as cash equivalents as of March 31, 2022 . As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the Company's term deposits had maturity dates of 90 days or less. 

Denominator: 
 Denominator for basic and diluted loss per share weighted average shares 
 Net loss per share: 
 Basic and diluted loss per share 

For the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 , there were outstanding instruments which were potentially dilutive. 

in fiscal 2023 and in fiscal 2022 under the license agreements. The Company also recorded several one -time settlement agreements with customers of Emerson Quiet Kool, which aggregated approximately in fiscal 2023 and nil in fiscal 2022. The agreements allow Emerson Quiet Kool's customers to sell-off their on hand inventories over a limited period. 

million to the Company. The defendants have to date conditionally made payments, including certain advances and a portion of their liability, which are reflected as advanced deposits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, in connection with ongoing negotiations among the parties. The aggregate amount of the payments is million, which has been reduced by approximately million of legal fees incurred in fiscal 2023, in pursuit of the advanced deposits. The judgement is presently on appeal to the US Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to collect the entire judgment or that a negotiated resolution regarding these matters will ever be agreed among the parties or, if agreed, how soon the parties will be able to do so. 
 
 The Company is not currently a party to any other legal proceedings other than litigation matters, in most cases involving ordinary and routine claims incidental to its business. Management cannot estimate with certainty the Company s ultimate legal and financial liability with respect to such pending litigation matters. However, management believes, based on its examination of such matters, that the Company s ultimate liability will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

of the Company s net revenues, with Walmart accounting for , Amazon accounting for and Fred Meyer accounting for . For fiscal 2022 , the Company s three largest customers accounted for approximately of the Company s net revenues with Walmart accounting for , Amazon accounting for and Fred Meyer accounting for . 
 
 Product Concentration 
 
 For fiscal 2023 , the Company s gross product sales included microwave ovens, which generated approximately , and audio products, which generated of the Company's gross product sales. 
 
 For fiscal 2022 , the Company s gross product sales included microwave ovens, which generated approximately , and audio products, which generated of the Company's gross product sales. 
 
 As a result of this dependence, a significant decline in pricing of, or market acceptance of these product types and categories, either in general or specifically as marketed by the Company, would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Because the market for these product types and categories is characterized by periodic new product introductions, the Company s future financial performance will depend, in part, on the successful and timely development and customer acceptance of new and enhanced versions of these product types and other products distributed by the Company. There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to be successful in marketing these products types within these categories or any other new or enhanced products. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 
 As a percent of the Company s total trade accounts receivable, net of specific reserves, Amazon, Walmart and Fred Meyer accounted for , and , respectively, as of March 31, 2023 . As a percent of the Company s total trade accounts receivable, net of specific reserves, Walmart, Amazon and Fred Meyer accounted for , and , respectively, as of March 31, 2022 . No other customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s total trade accounts receivable, net of specific reserves, as of March 31, 2023 or March 31, 2022 . The Company periodically performs credit evaluations of its customers but generally does not require collateral, and the Company provides for any anticipated credit losses in the financial statements based upon management s estimates and ongoing reviews of recorded allowances. The accounts receivable allowance for doubtful accounts on the Company s total trade accounts receivable balances was approximately at March 31, 2023 and approximately at March 31, 2022 . Due to the high concentration of the Company s net trade accounts receivables among just two customers, any significant failure by one of these customers to pay the Company the amounts owing against these receivables would result in a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company maintains its cash accounts with major U.S. and foreign financial institutions. The Company s cash and restricted cash balances on deposit in the U.S. as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 were insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC up to 250,000 per qualifying bank account in accordance with FDIC rules. The Company s cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balances in excess of these FDIC-insured limits were approximately million and approximately million at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 , respectively. 
 
 Supplier Concentration 
 
 During fiscal 2023 , the Company procured of its products for resale from its two largest factory suppliers, both of which are located in China. Approximately of these products were procured from one of the suppliers and approximately were procured from the other. During fiscal 2022 , the Company procured of its products for resale from its two largest factory suppliers. Approximately of these products were procured from one of the suppliers and approximately were procured from the other. 
 
 No assurance can be given that ample supply of product would be available at current prices and on current credit terms. This is if the Company were required to seek alternative sources of supply, without adequate notice by a supplier or a reasonable opportunity to seek alternate production facilities and component parts. Any resulting significant shortage of product supply would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 Third Party Representatives 
 
 In fiscal 2023, the Company utilized 2 sales representative organizations, including one which represented approximately of its net revenues. In fiscal 2022, the Company utilized 4 sales representative organizations, including one which represented of it net revenues. No other sales representative organization accounted for more than 10 of the Company's net revenues in fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022. The loss or reduction of product sales made through third party representative organizations could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business and results of operations. Finding replacement organizations could be a time consuming process during which the Company's revenues could be negatively impacted. 

Long-lived assets 

Long-lived assets 

and , respectively, and its non-current operating and finance lease liabilities were approximately and , respectively. The Company s operating and finance lease right-of-use asset balances are presented in non-current assets. The net balance of the Company s operating and finance lease right-of-use assets as of March 31, 2023 were approximately and , respectively. 
 
 In January 2023, the Company relocated its corporate headquarters to a temporary office space. The Company's new landlord is in the process of building out the agreed-upon space. The commencement date is currently scheduled for July 1, 2023. The Company is not obligated to pay rent while it resides in the temporary office space. 
 
 The components of lease costs, which were included in operating expenses in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations, were as follows: 

Finance lease cost 
 Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 Interest on lease liabilities 
 Variable lease costs 
 Total lease cost 
 
 The supplemental cash flow information related to leases are as follows: 
 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 
 Operating leases 
 Finance leases 

Information relating to the lease term and discount rate are as follows: 

Finance leases 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 Operating leases 
 Finance leases 

As of March 31, 2023 the maturities of lease liabilities were as follows: 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total lease payments 
 Less: Imputed interest 
 Total 

during fiscal 2023 and nil during fiscal 2022. 
 
 On July 5, 2021, the Company s PPP loan of approximately plus accrued interest of was completely forgiven by the Small Business Administration. The Company recorded the impact of its PPP loan forgiveness as other income during fiscal 2022. 
 
 The income realized from the PPP loan forgiveness and the amount granted under the ESS program are presented as Other Income under the description called Income from governmental assistance programs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Item 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

Item 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its Exchange Act reports are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Due to the inherent limitations of control systems, not all misstatements may be detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons; by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The Company s controls and procedures can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the above objectives have been met. 
 
 As a result of its internal assessment, the Company s management concluded that disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to ensure that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation under this framework, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm. This is pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for smaller reporting companies, that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023 there were no changes in the Company s internal control that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Item 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

46

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required is incorporated herein by reference to Emerson s definitive Proxy Statement, or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before July 29, 2023. 

Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required is incorporated herein by reference to Emerson s definitive Proxy Statement, or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before July 29, 2023. 

Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required is incorporated herein by reference to Emerson s definitive Proxy Statement, or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before July 29, 2023. 

Item 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required is incorporated herein by reference to Emerson s definitive Proxy Statement, or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before July 29, 2023. 

Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required is incorporated herein by reference to Emerson s definitive Proxy Statement, or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before July 29, 2023. 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) List of Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules, and Exhibits . 
 
 1. Financial Statements . The following financial statements of Emerson Radio Corp. are included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules . All financial statement schedules are omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as they are not required or applicable or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

47

Table of Contents 

3. Exhibits . The following exhibits are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K or are incorporated herein by reference, as indicated. 

Exhibit Number 

3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Emerson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (3) (a) of Emerson s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-53621, declared effective by the SEC on August 9, 1994) (filed in paper format). 

3.1.1 
 Certificate of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (3) (b) of Emerson s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-53621, declared effective by the SEC on August 9, 1994) (filed in paper format). 

3.1.2 
 Amendment dated February 14, 1996 to the Certificate of Incorporation of Emerson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (3) (a) of Emerson s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 1995). 

3.2 
 By-Laws of Emerson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Emerson s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2007). 

3.2.1 
 Amendment dated November 28, 1995 to the By-Laws of Emerson adopted March 1994 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (3) (b) of Emerson s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 1995). 

3.2.2 
 Amendment effective as of November 10, 2009 to the By-Laws of Emerson adopted March 1994 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Emerson s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2009). 

3.2.3 
 Amendment effective as of August 31, 2011 to the By-Laws of Emerson adopted March 1994 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Emerson s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2011). 

3.2.4 
 Amendment effective as of June 22, 2020 to the By-Laws of Emerson adopted March 1994 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Emerson s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2020). 

4.1 
 Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Emerson s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, filed on June 26, 2020). 

10.1 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Emerson s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2014.) 

10.2 
 Employment agreement dated January 16, 2022 between Emerson Radio (Hong Kong) Limited and Mr. Michael Andrew Barclay Binney (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Emerson s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 21, 2022). 

10.3 
 Employment agreement dated January 16, 2022 between Emerson Radio (Hong Kong) Limited and Mr. Richard Li (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Emerson s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 18, 2022). 

21.1 
 Principal Subsidiaries of the Company as of March 31, 2023. 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm MSPC, Certified Public Accountants and Advisors, Professional Corporation. 

31.1 
 Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification of the Company s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
 Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

48

Table of Contents 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

49

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EMERSON RADIO CORP. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Christopher W. Ho 

Christopher W. Ho 

Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

By: 
 
 /s/ Richard Li 

Richard Li 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

Dated: June 26, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Christopher W. Ho 
 
 Chairman of the Board and 
 
 June 26, 2023 

Christopher W. Ho 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Richard Li 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 June 26, 2023 

Richard Li 

/s/ Michael Binney 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 June 26, 2023 

Michael Binney 

/s/ Kareem E. Sethi 
 
 Director 
 
 June 26, 2023 

Kareem E. Sethi 

/s/ Kin Yuen 
 
 Director 
 
 June 26, 2023 

Kin Yuen 

50

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex_492579.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 21.1 

EMERSON RADIO CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 EXHIBIT TO FORM 10-K 

 PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Jurisdiction of 

Percentage of 

Name of Subsidiary 

Incorporation 

Ownership 

Emerson Global Limited 

British Virgin Islands 

100.0 

Emerson Radio (Hong Kong) Limited 

Hong Kong 

100.0 

H.H. Scott, Inc. 

New Jersey, USA 

100.0 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_492580.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Emerson Radio Corp. and Subsidiaries 

Parsippany, New Jersey 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 33-63515, 333-132812 and 333-132815) of Emerson Radio Corp. of our report dated June 26, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Emerson Radio Corp. and Subsidiaries as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 and for each of the two years in the period ended March 31, 2023, which appear in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ MSPC. 

CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS AND ADVISORS 

A PROFESSIONAL CORPORATION 

New York, New York 

 June 26, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_492581.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 31.1 

Certifications 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Christopher W. Ho, certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Emerson Radio Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Christopher W. Ho 

Christopher W. Ho 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: June 26, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_492582.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 31.2 

Certifications 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Richard Li, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Emerson Radio Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Richard Li 

Richard Li 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: June 26, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex_492583.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Emerson Radio Corp., (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Christopher W. Ho, Chief Executive Officer, and Richard Li, Chief Financial Officer, of the Company each hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the consolidated results of operations of the Company for the periods presented. 

By: 

/s/ Christopher W. Ho 

Christopher W. Ho 

Chief Executive Officer 

By: 

/s/ Richard Li 

Richard Li 

Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: June 26, 2023 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 msn-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 msn-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 msn-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 msn-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 msn-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

