<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230505_10-K_edgar_data_1169561_0001169561-23-000044.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10497629</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>229612</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3246447</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2625847</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2278254</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1973349</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001169561-23-000044.hdr.sgml : 20230505
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230505152419
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001169561-23-000044
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230505
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230505

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMMVAULT SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001169561
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33026
		FILM NUMBER:		23893418

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 COMMVAULT WAY
		CITY:			TINTON FALLS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07724
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-870-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 COMMVAULT WAY
		CITY:			TINTON FALLS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07724

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001169561-23-000044.txt : 20230505

10-K
 1
 cvlt-20230331.htm
 10-K

cvlt-20230331 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1 934 
 Commission File Number: 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files.) No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, "smaller reporting company" and emerging growth company in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13 (a) of the Exchange Act 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of September 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter; the aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based upon the closing price of the common stock as reported by The Nasdaq Stock Market) was approximately billion. 
 As of May 3, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock 0.01 par value) outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

COMMVAULT SYSTEMS, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 Item 2. Properties 
 24 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 27 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures A bout Market Risk 
 39 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 40 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 69 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 69 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 72 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 72 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 72 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 72 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 72 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 73 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 73 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit s and Financial Statement Schedules 
 73 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 76 
 SIGNATURES 
 77 
 
 2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 The discussion throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these statements by our use of forward-looking words such as may, will, should, anticipate, estimate, expect, plan, believe, predict, potential, project, intend, could, feel or similar expressions. In particular, statements regarding our plans, strategies, prospects and expectations regarding our business are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). You should be aware that these statements and any other forward-looking statements in this document reflect only our expectations and are not guarantees of performance. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Many of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions are beyond our control and may cause actual results and performance to differ materially from our expectations. Important factors that could cause our actual results to be materially different from our expectations include the risks and uncertainties set forth under the heading Risk Factors. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to "Commvault," the "Company", "we," "our" or "us" refer to Commvault Systems, Inc., including as the context requires, its direct and indirect subsidiaries . 

3 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Company Overview 
 Incorporated in Delaware in 1996, Commvault Systems, Inc. provides its customers with a data protection platform that helps them secure, defend and recover their most precious asset, their data. We provide these products and services for their data across the following environments: on-premises, hybrid, or multi-cloud. Our data protection offerings are delivered via self-managed software, software-as-a-service (SaaS), integrated appliances, or managed by partners. Customers use our technology to protect themselves from threats like ransomware and recover their data efficiently. 
 
 We believe in solving hard problems for our customers by enabling them to accelerate their digital transformation and protect their data in a difficult world. Our platform drives automation, reduces complexity, reigns in data fragmentation, and helps accelerate a customer s cloud journey with a holistic approach to protecting, managing, and securing data. Our comprehensive solutions address the critical aspects of modern data protection, from data security to data recovery, data governance and compliance, in a flexible and scalable platform. We believe our technology and service offerings provide the broadest set of capabilities in the industry, which enables customers to efficiently and cost-effectively scale their data wherever it resides. 
 
 Products 
 Commvault helps customers protect their data in a hybrid multi-cloud environment. Commvault delivers a portfolio of products and services to effectively secure, defend and recover data from ransomware attacks or any other threats. Our solutions create an intuitive data protection experience across customer-managed enterprise software and SaaS-delivered cloud native solutions that mitigate data sprawl, facilitate cloud adoption, and meet customers wherever they are on their journey to modernize and transform their enterprise IT environment. These offerings are organized into four categories - (1) Data Recovery, (2) Data Compliance Governance, (3) Data Storage and (4) Data Security. 
 Commvault's platform is managed through a single pane of glass called the Commvault Command Center. The Command Center provides configuration values and streamlined procedures for data protection and recovery tasks. Customers use the Command Center to establish their data protection environment, identify content to be protected, and initiate and monitor backups and restores. The main navigation pane provides customers with easy access to various components including downloads, forms, analytics, and monitoring. The Command Center provides a controlled foundation for self-service, helping to reduce the load on administrators and IT support staff. 
 
 Data Recovery 
 Commvault Backup and Recovery ("CBR") is designed to meet the needs of any size business protecting workloads across all locations: hybrid environments including on-premise and multiple cloud providers; physical servers; virtual machines; applications and databases; endpoint devices; cloud applications and more. CBR provides backup, verifiable recovery and cost-optimized cloud workload mobility, helping to ensure data availability and granular recovery, even across multiple clouds. Our simplified backup and recovery solution allows customers to protect all workloads cloud, virtual machines ("VMs"), containers, applications, databases and endpoints from the Command Center. 
 Commvault Disaster Recovery CDR provides an easy-to-use replication and disaster recovery solution from a single extensible platform, all managed through the Command Center. Commvault s standalone disaster recovery solution is both easy to implement and cost-effective. It provides recovery orchestration and recovery validation for enterprise workloads across on-premise and leading clouds. 
 Commvault Complete Data Protection is a comprehensive, easy-to-use data protection solution that combines CBR with CDR. It delivers backup, replication, and disaster recovery for all workloads, on-premises, in the cloud, across multiple clouds, and in hybrid environments. It provides trusted recovery of data and applications, virtual machines, and containers, along with verifiable recoverability of replicas, cost-optimized cloud data mobility, security and resilient ransomware protection. 
 
 Metallic Data Protection as-a-service Metallic delivers data protection technology with the simplicity and agility of SaaS, getting companies up and running to protect critical business data within minutes. Powered by 
 4 

Commvault s intelligent data protection platform, Metallic delivers enterprise-grade data protection as a service on a cloud platform, with advanced built-in security controls. Current Metallic offerings include data protection for Office 365, virtual machines and Kubernetes, databases, files, Dynamics 365, Salesforce and endpoints. 
 
 Data Compliance Governance 
 Commvault's Data Insights portfolio is an integrated family of solutions for actionable insights, combining Commvault Data Governance, Commvault File Storage Optimization, and Commvault eDiscovery and Compliance. These solutions can operate independent of Commvault Complete Data Protection or as part of a combined solution to maximize data protection capabilities for any business. This means that customers can gain insights to data that isn t protected by Commvault to drive analytics and other tasks. 
 
 Data Storage 
 
 Hyperscale X 
 Commvault HyperScale X is an intuitive, easy-to-deploy and scale-out, integrated data protection solution to help enterprises transition from legacy scale-up infrastructures. It provides security and resiliency to accelerate an organization s digital transformation journey as they move to hybrid cloud, container and virtualized environments. Its flexible architecture allows customers to get up, run quickly and scale. HyperScale X technology accelerates hybrid cloud adoption with an integrated solution that delivers comprehensive data protection for all workloads, including containers, VMs and databases, from a single, extensible platform. With HyperScale X, customers can leverage the entire Commvault portfolio giving them access to all the features, functions, and industry leading integration with applications, databases, public cloud environments, hypervisors, operating systems, NAS systems and primary storage arrays, wherever the data resides. It is available in two form factors giving customers the flexibility to choose an implementation based on specific needs and preferences: 
 
 Commvault HyperScale X Appliance: A fully integrated data protection appliance that streamlines operations and infrastructure and is ideally suited for smaller deployments that want the simplicity of an all-in-one integrated appliance from a single vendor. 
 Commvault HyperScale X Reference Architecture: Our pre-validated designs for popular server platforms provides greater flexibility and allows customers to leverage existing vendor relationships and is ideally suited for larger environments that require greater scale. 
 Metallic Recovery Reserve 
 Metallic Recovery Reserve ("MRR") is the easy button to adopt secure and scalable cloud storage in minutes delivering against an organization's hybrid cloud strategy, without the need for additional cloud expertise. It is an integrated, air-gapped cloud storage target that enables IT organizations to efficiently adopt cloud storage for CBR, HyperScale X or Metallic to ease digital transformation, save costs, reduce risk and scale. 
 
 Data Security 
 Leveraging patented deception technology, Metallic ThreatWise combines sophisticated early warning and early action with comprehensive data protection. It enables businesses of every size to neutralize attacks before they cause harm; detecting and diverting zero-day attacks that evade conventional detection technology and circumvent security controls. 
 
 Professional Customer Support Services 
 Commvault offers a wide range of professional and customer support services to complement its product portfolio. We offer multiple levels of service that can be tailored to our customers needs. 
 Our services consist of: 
 Real-Time Support. C ustomers have 24/7 access to support with our support staff available by phone for first responses and to manage resolutions. Our customers also have access to an online support database for help with troubleshooting and operational questions. Innovative use of web-based diagnostic tools provides problem analysis and resolution. Our solution design is also an important 
 5 

element in our comprehensive customer support, including summary of findings problem analysis, intelligent alerting and troubleshooting assistance. 
 Broad Expertise. Our support engineers have extensive knowledge of complex applications, servers and networks. We proactively take ownership of the customer s problem. We have also developed and maintain a knowledge library of storage systems and software products to further enable our support organization to quickly and effectively resolve customer problems. 
 Global Operations. We offer our global customer support from physical locations around the world, which allows us to provide 24/7 support. Our cloud-based support system creates a virtual global support center combining these locations to allow for the fastest possible resolution times for customer incidents. We have designed our support infrastructure to be able to scale with the increasing globalization of our customers. 
 Customer Success Options . We offer various enhanced Customer Success options including the Enterprise Success Program ("ESP") and Metallic Customer Success. Our ESP provides industry experts who provide strategic guidance and technical advice, alongside Success Account Managers, who are all focused on proactively helping our enterprise customers to achieve their goals and are aligned to their business initiatives. The entire program is centered around driving customer adoption, customer satisfaction and quick time to value. 
 Technology Consulting Services. Our technical consultants ensure that your data protection environment is designed for optimal results, configured quickly, and is easy to maintain. We offer architecture design; implementation; personalization; data migration; and health assessment services. In addition, we offer customers staff-augmentation options via resident support engineers to assist with rapid expert deployment and operation of the Commvault suite. 
 Ransomware Recovery Services. Commvault Readiness Solutions provide the resources and expertise to quickly accelerate returning to normal business operations through the proper design, implementation, administration, and support of our customers' data protection environment. 
 Education Services. We offer training content for learners at all levels, with basic, intermediate, and expert certifications available. We also provide a selection of self-paced online content for our products in our On-Demand Learning Library. 
 Remote Managed Services. The Commvault Remote Managed Services offering complements our software and SaaS platforms, providing results-oriented data protection to customers worldwide. Commvault experts provide secure, reliable, and cost-effective remote monitoring and management of our customers' data protection environment. 
 
 Customers 
 Our current customer base spans thousands of organizations across a variety of sizes, including large global enterprise companies, and small or mid-sized businesses and government agencies. We support customers in a range of industries, including banking, insurance and financial services, government, healthcare, pharmaceuticals and medical services, technology, legal, manufacturing, utilities and energy. 
 Strategic Relationships 
 An important element of Commvault s strategy is to establish partnerships that support development, marketing, selling and implementation of our technology solutions. We believe that strategic and technology-based relationships with industry leaders are fundamental to our success. We have forged numerous relationships with software application, hardware and cloud vendors to enhance our combined capabilities and to create the optimal combination of data and information management applications. We believe this approach enhances our ability to expand our product offerings and customer base and to enter new markets. We have established the following types of strategic relationships: 
 Alliance and Technology Partners . We maintain strategic product and technology relationships with industry leaders to ensure that our products are integrated with, supported by and add value to our partners portfolios. Collaboration with these market leaders allows us to provide applications that enable our customers to improve data and information management efficiency. We also maintain relationships with a broad range of industry operating system, application and infrastructure vendors to verify and demonstrate the interoperability of our portfolio with their equipment and technologies. 
 6 

Distributors, Value-Added Reseller, Systems Integrator, Corporate Reseller and Original Equipment Manufacturer Relationships. Our network of resellers bundle or sell our solutions together with their own products, and our value-added resellers resell our solutions independently. 
 In order to broaden our market coverage, we work closely with our global original equipment manufacturer ("OEM") partners, investing significant time and resources to deliver unique, joint solutions incorporating Commvault solutions. These partners team with our technical, engineering, marketing and sales force to enhance integration, tuning, operational management, implementation and vision for solutions that are designed to meet current and future data protection needs. Our alliance managers work directly with global OEM partners to design, deliver and support field activities that make it easier for customers to locate, learn about, and purchase these differentiated solutions. 
 Additionally, we have a non-exclusive distribution agreement with Arrow Enterprise Computing Solutions, Inc. ("Arrow"), a subsidiary of Arrow Electronics, Inc. Arrow's primary role is to enable a more efficient and effective distribution channel for our products and services by managing our reseller partners and leveraging their own industry experience. Sales generated through our distribution agreement with Arrow accounted for 37 of our total revenue in both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. 
 Service Provider Partners. Our solutions are the data protection platform for many service providers, which provide cloud-based solutions to customers worldwide. As companies of all sizes and markets rapidly adopt cloud infrastructures for cost efficiencies, speed and agility, we remain committed to these strategic relationships to address this growing trend. Customers looking to move IT operations to the cloud depend on service providers to migrate, manage and protect their data and cloud infrastructures. We partner with a broad ecosystem of managed service providers and cloud partners to effectively deliver data protection-as-a-service solutions based on Commvault solutions across geographies, vertical markets and offerings. 
 Competition 
 The data protection and replication market is intensely competitive and highly fragmented. The principal competitive factors in our industry include product functionality, performance, integration, platform coverage, scalability, price, global sales infrastructure, technical support, branding and reputation. The ability of major system vendors to bundle solutions is also a significant competitive factor in our industry. 
 Our primary competitors in the data protection software applications market, each of which has one or more products that compete with a part of or our entire product suite, include Dell-EMC, IBM, Veritas, Veeam, Rubrik, Cohesity, Druva, and Avepoint. 
 Some of our competitors have greater financial resources and may have the ability to offer their products at lower prices than ours. In addition, some have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, substantially larger technical, sales, marketing and other global resources, and larger installed customer base with broader product offerings. As a result, these competitors can devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products than we can. Refer to our "Risk Factors" below. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We sell our data protection solutions to businesses of all sizes, and government agencies. We sell through our global direct sales force and partner channels. 
 We have a variety of marketing programs designed to create brand awareness and market recognition for our product offerings and sales lead generation. Our marketing efforts include sales campaigns, webinars, active participation at trade shows, technical conferences and seminars; advertising; content development and distribution; public relations; social media; industry analyst relations; publication of technical and educational articles in industry journals; sales training; and preparation of competitive analyses. In addition, our strategic partners augment our marketing and sales campaigns through seminars, trade shows, joint public relations and advertising campaigns. Our customers and strategic partners provide references and recommendations that we often feature in external marketing activities. 
 Research and Development 
 Our research and development organization is responsible for the design, development, testing and certification of our data protection solutions. Our engineering efforts support product development across all major 
 7 

operating systems, databases, applications, hyperscalers and network storage devices. A substantial amount of our development effort goes into certification, integration and support of our solutions to ensure interoperability with our strategic partners solutions. We have also made substantial investments in the automation of our product test and quality assurance laboratories. 
 Technology, Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights 
 We believe our solutions are a major differentiator versus our competitors portfolios. Our solutions unique indexing, cataloging, data movement, media management, AI/ML, and policy technologies are the source of the performance, scale, management, cost of ownership benefits and seamless interoperability inherent in all of our data protection solutions. Additional options enable content search, data encryption and auditing features to support data discovery and compliance. Our success and ability to compete depend on our continued development and protection of our solutions. We rely primarily on a combination of trade secret, patent, copyright and trademark laws, as well as contractual provisions, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. 
 We patent our technical infrastructure and key usability and design concepts. Our software s unique capabilities are covered by a robust portfolio of patents worldwide. Areas such as data protection, security, transformation, insights, and compliance and governance, including our Metallic SaaS and HyperScale X solutions, are core to our competitive advantage. More than 1,350 patents have been issued to Commvault globally as a result of our strategic patenting. We also have established proprietary trademark rights in markets across the globe, and Commvault owns hundreds of worldwide trademark registrations and pending registration applications. Refer to our Risk Factors below. 
 Government Regulations 
 The global legal environment of technology businesses is evolving rapidly and is often unclear. These topics include data privacy and security, pricing, advertising, taxation, economic sanctions, content regulation and intellectual property ownership and infringement. 
 We are subject to several local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection. Regulators around the world have adopted or proposed limitations on, or requirements regarding, the collection, distribution, use, security and storage of personal information, payment card information or other confidential information of individuals, and the FTC and many state attorneys general are applying federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards on the online collection, use and dissemination of data. In the event of a security breach, these laws may subject us to incident response, notice and remediation costs. Failure to safeguard data adequately or to destroy data securely could subject us to regulatory investigations or enforcement actions under applicable data security, unfair practices or consumer protection laws. The scope and interpretation of these laws could change and the associated burdens and our compliance costs could increase in the future. 
 We are also subject to global laws and regulations that govern or restrict our business and activities in certain countries and with certain persons, including the U.S. Commerce Department s Export Administration Regulations and economic and trade sanctions regulations maintained by OFAC, as well as anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act. 
 People 
 Commvault aims to unlock potential in data, customers and our employees. To accomplish that, our employees are empowered to drive innovation and help our customers by inspiring one another and working to make what s already great, even greater whether that s product, process or team. As of March 31, 2023, we had 2,779 employees worldwide, of which approximately 44 were in the United States and 56 were located internationally. 
 We remain committed to providing employees with opportunities and resources that enable them to work successfully and creatively, while also investing in their professional and personal development. Throughout fiscal 2023, our employees participated in over 900 training programs, totaling more than 15,000 hours. 
 8 

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 At Commvault, we believe that diversity is a business imperative at the heart of our human capital management strategy. We not only drive the ability to be a best-in-class data protection organization but also uphold our value in the marketplace by leading as an employer of choice. 
 We continue to elevate our employee engagement and belonging efforts which is the foundation of our approach. We have implemented an Employee Resource Group ERG operating model and have established five ERGs for cross-cultural learning, mentoring and relationship building across employees: 
 1. CV WIT (Women in Technology) 
 2. Multi-Culture 
 3. PRISM (LGBTQ+ Allies) 
 4. VALOR (Veterans Military) 
 5. CapAbilities (Disability inclusion Allies) 
 This year, we expanded our culture of belonging through two additional Employee Affinity Groups ("EAG"), Family Support Network and VAST - Vaulters Advocating Sustainable Technology. Foundational to these engagement initiatives is our Courageous Conversations program designed to foster difficult conversations in an open, safe and respectful manner. This program has become the hub for all diversity, equity and inclusion ("DEI") related conversations, where employees and senior leaders share courageous life experiences related to bias and social injustice. Since its inception, we have hosted p owerful sessions, each virtually, reaching our workforce around the globe. 
 We continue to be committed to securing the best talent with a concerted effort to expound on and build an inclusive and diverse pipeline of candidates. We are committed to providing a clear vision to career progression while investing in the development, creativity and aspirational needs of all employees. 
 
 Employee Health, Safety and Wellness 
 Commvault values its people. A critical part of our corporate culture is the health, safety and wellness of our employees. We take a holistic approach to health and wellness to support the dynamic aspects of our employees lives, including their physical, social, mental, emotional, and financial well-being. We operate in accordance with applicable safety laws and procedures to ensure we provide a safe work environment for all. 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following table presents information with respect to our executive officers as of May 3, 2023: 
 
 Name Age Position Sanjay Mirchandani 58 President and Chief Executive Officer Gary Merrill 48 Chief Financial Officer Riccardo Di Blasio 51 Chief Revenue Officer 
 Sanjay Mirchandani has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since February 2019. Prior to joining Commvault, Mr. Mirchandani served from September 2016 to January 2019 as the Chief Executive Officer of Puppet, Inc. Puppet ), an Oregon-based IT automation company. Mr. Mirchandani joined Puppet in May 2016 as President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Mirchandani brings a wealth of international business experience through his diverse well-rounded career in technology. Before joining Puppet, from October 2013 to April 2016, Mr. Mirchandani served as Corporate Senior Vice President and General Manager of Asia Pacific and Japan at VMware, Inc. and, from June 2006 to October 2013, Mr. Mirchandani held various senior leadership positions at EMC Corporation, including Chief Information Officer and leader of the Global Centers of Excellence. Prior to that, Mr. Mirchandani held various positions at Microsoft Corporation and Arthur Andersen LLP. Mr. Mirchandani has a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Pittsburgh and a bachelor s degree in mathematics from Drew University. 
 Gary Merrill has served as our Chief Financial Officer since July 2022. Prior to his current role, Mr. Merrill served as our Chief of Business Operations from April 2021 until June 2022. He also held the position of Vice President of Operations from April 2019 through March 2021 and from December 2012 to March 2019, served as Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to joining Commvault, Mr. Merrill held accounting management positions with several 
 9 

publicly traded companies. Mr. Merrill began his career with Arthur Anderson LLP in its audit practice. Mr. Merrill obtained his bachelor s degree in accounting from Elizabethtown College. 
 Riccardo Di Blasio has served as our Chief Revenue Officer since May 2019. Prior to joining Commvault, Mr. Di Blasio led DXC Technology as Global Head of Sales for VMware Cloud Platform Services. Prior to that role, he was Chief Executive Officer at Globetouch, Inc., leading the company growth in the IoT and connected cars industry from January 2017 until April 2018. He also served as Chief Operating Officer at Cohesity from October 2015 until November 2016, where he significantly grew the sales and support organizations while expanding global operations and achieving double digit growth in sales. Previous to those positions, he served in various leadership roles for more than a decade across US and Europe, as Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing at VMware and EMC Corporation. 
 Available Information 
 Our website is located at: www.commvault.com. On the Investor Relations section of the website, we post filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, our proxy statements related to our annual stockholders meetings and any amendment to those reports or statements filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. All such filings are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website free of charge. The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K or in any other report, statement or document we file with the SEC. 
 
 10 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should consider each of the following factors as well as the other information in this Annual Report in evaluating our business and our prospects. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business and financial results could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. You should also refer to the other information set forth in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Our industry is intensely competitive, and many of our competitors have greater financial, technical and sales and marketing resources and larger installed customer bases, which could enable them to compete more effectively than we do. 
 
 The data protection and replication market is intensely competitive, highly fragmented and characterized by rapidly changing technology and evolving standards, changing customer requirements and frequent new product introductions. Competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the products and services offered. 
 The principal competitive factors in our industry include product functionality and integration, platform coverage, ability to scale, price, worldwide sales infrastructure, global technical support, brand recognition and reputation. If we are unable to address these factors, our competitive position could weaken and we could experience a decline in revenues that could adversely affect our business. 
 It is also costly and time-consuming to change data management systems. Most of our new customers have installed data management systems, which gives an incumbent competitor an advantage in retaining a customer because the incumbent already understands the network infrastructure, user demands and information technology needs of the customer, and because some customers are reluctant to invest the time and money necessary to change vendors. 
 New competitors entering our markets can have a negative impact on our competitive positioning. In addition, we expect to encounter new competitors as we enter new markets. Furthermore, many of our existing competitors are broadening their operating systems platform coverage. We also expect increased competition from OEMs, including those we partner with, and from systems and network management companies, especially those that have historically focused on the mainframe computer market and have been making acquisitions and broadening their efforts to include data protection products. We expect that competition will increase as a result of future industry consolidation. Increased competition could harm our business by causing, among other things, price reductions of our products, reduced profitability and loss of market share. 
 We rely on indirect sales channels, such as value-added resellers, systems integrators, corporate resellers, distributors, and OEMs, for the distribution of our solutions, and the failure of these channels to effectively sell our solutions could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 
 We rely significantly on our value-added resellers, systems integrators and corporate resellers, which we collectively refer to as resellers, for the marketing and distribution of our software applications and services. Resellers are our most significant distribution channel. However, our agreements with resellers are generally not exclusive, are generally renewable annually, typically do not contain minimum sales requirements and in many cases may be terminated by either party without cause. Many of our resellers carry data protection solutions that compete with ours. These resellers may give a higher priority to other software applications, including those of our competitors, or may not continue to carry data protection solutions. If a number of resellers were to discontinue or reduce the sales of our products, or were to promote our competitors products in lieu of our own, it could have a material adverse effect on our future revenues. Events or occurrences of this nature could seriously harm our sales and results of operations. If we fail to manage our resellers successfully, there may be conflicts between resellers or they could fail to perform as we anticipate, including required compliance with the terms and obligations of our agreement, either of which could reduce our sales or impact our reputation in the market. In addition, we expect that a portion of our sales growth will depend upon our ability to identify and attract new resellers. Our competitors also use reseller arrangements and may be more successful in attracting reseller partners and could enter into exclusive relationships with resellers that make it difficult to expand our reseller network. Any failure on our part to maintain and/or expand our network of resellers could impair our ability to grow revenues in the future. 
 11 

Some of our resellers may, either independently or jointly with our competitors, develop and market solutions that compete with our offerings. If this were to occur, these resellers might discontinue marketing and distributing our solutions. In addition, these resellers would have an advantage over us when marketing their competing products and related services because of their existing customer relationships. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 
 In addition, we have a non-exclusive distribution agreement with Arrow pursuant to which Arrow s primary role is to enable a more efficient and effective distribution channel for our products and services by managing our resellers and leveraging their industry experience. Arrow accounted for approximately 37 of our total revenues for both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 and 36 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021. If Arrow were to discontinue or reduce the sales of our solutions or if our agreement with Arrow was terminated, and if we were unable to take back the management of our reseller channel or find another distributor to replace Arrow, there could be a material adverse effect on our future business. 
 Our OEMs sell and integrate our solutions which represents a material portion of our revenues. We have no control over the shipping dates or volumes of systems these OEMs sell and they have no obligation to sell systems incorporating our solutions. They also have no obligation to recommend or offer our solutions exclusively or at all. They have no minimum sales requirements and can terminate our relationship at any time. These OEMs also could choose to develop their own data protection solutions. Our OEM partners compete with one another. If one of our OEM partners views our arrangement with another OEM as competing, it may decide to stop doing business with us. Any material decrease in the volume of sales generated by OEMs could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations in future periods. 
 If the cost for maintenance and support agreements, or our term-based subscription licenses, with our customers is not competitive in the market or if our customers do not renew their agreements either at all, or on terms that are less favorable to us, our business and financial performance might be adversely impacted. 
 Most of our support and maintenance agreements are for a one-year term and thereafter, we pursue renewal thereof. Historically, such renewals have represented a significant portion of our total revenue. If our customers do not renew their annual maintenance and support agreements either at all, or on terms that are less favorable to us, our business and financial performance might be adversely impacted. 
 Additionally, a significant amount of our revenues are from term-based, or subscription license arrangements. The arrangements are typically one to three years in duration. If at the end of the initial term, customers elect to not renew, or they renew terms that are less favorable to us, our business and financial performance might be adversely impacted. 
 In periods of volatile economic conditions, our exposure to credit risk and payment delinquencies on our accounts receivable significantly increases. 
 Our outstanding accounts receivables are generally not secured. Our standard terms and conditions permit payment within a specified number of days following the receipt of our solution. Volatile economic conditions, including those related to the COVID-19 pandemic and its variants, the war in Ukraine and the global response, or the financial instability of banking institutions could result in our customers and resellers facing liquidity concerns leading to them not being able to satisfy their payment obligations to us, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 
 In addition, we have transitioned a more significant percentage of our revenue to subscription, or term based, arrangements. In these arrangements, our customers may pay for solutions over a period of several years. Due to the potential for extended period of collection, we may be exposed to more significant credit risk. 
 12 

We develop solutions that interoperate with certain products, operating systems and hardware developed by others, and if the developers of those operating systems and hardware do not cooperate with us or we are unable to devote the necessary resources so that our solutions interoperate with those systems, our development efforts may be delayed or foreclosed and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Our solutions operate primarily on the Windows, UNIX, Linux and Novell Netware operating systems; used in conjunction with Microsoft SQL; and on hardware devices of numerous manufacturers. When new or updated versions of these operating systems, solution applications, and hardware devices are introduced, it is often necessary for us to develop updated versions of our solution applications so that they interoperate properly with these systems and devices. We may not accomplish these development efforts quickly or cost-effectively, and it is not clear what the relative growth rates of these operating systems and hardware will be. 
 
 We encounter long sales and implementation cycles, particularly for our larger customers, which could have an adverse effect on the size, timing and predictability of our revenues. 
 Potential or existing customers, particularly larger enterprise customers, generally commit significant resources to an evaluation of available solutions and require us to expend substantial time, effort and money educating them as to the value of our solutions. Sales often require an extensive education and marketing effort. 
 We could expend significant funds and resources during a sales cycle and ultimately fail to win the customer. Our sales cycle for all of our products and services is subject to significant risks and delays over which we have little or no control, including: 
 our customers budgetary constraints; 
 the timing of our customers budget cycles and approval processes; 
 our customers willingness to replace their current solutions; 
 our need to educate potential customers about the uses and benefits of our solutions; and 
 the timing of the expiration of our customers current agreements for similar solutions. 
 If our sales cycles lengthen unexpectedly, they could adversely affect the timing of our revenues or increase costs, which may cause fluctuations in our quarterly revenues and results of operations. Finally, if we are unsuccessful in closing sales of our solutions after spending significant funds and management resources, our operating margins and results of operations could be adversely impacted, and the price of our common stock could decline. 
 We depend on growth in the data protection solutions market, and lack of growth or contraction in this market could have a material adverse effect on our sales and financial condition. 
 Demand for data protection solutions is linked to growth in the amount of data generated and stored, demand for data retention and management (whether as a result of regulatory requirements or otherwise) and demand for and adoption of new backup devices and networking technologies. Because our solutions are concentrated within the data protection market, if the demand for backup and data protection solutions devices declines, our sales, profitability and financial condition would be materially adversely affected. 
 Furthermore, the data protection solutions market is dynamic and evolving. Our future financial performance will depend in large part on continued growth in the number of organizations adopting data protection solutions for their environments. The market for data protection solutions may not continue to grow at historic rates, or at all. If this market fails to grow or grows more slowly than we currently anticipate, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. 
 Our as-a-service offerings require costly and continual infrastructure investments and if these investments do not yield the expected return, our business and financial performance might be adversely impacted. 
 In order to deliver our as-a-service offerings via a cloud-based deployment, we have made and will continue to make capital investments and incur substantial costs to implement and maintain this alternative business model. In addition, as we look to deliver new or different cloud-based services, we are making significant technology investments to deliver new capabilities and advance our software to deliver cloud-native customer experiences. We expect that over time the percentage of our revenue attributable to our as-a-service offerings will continue to 
 13 

increase. If these offerings do not garner widespread market adoption, or there is a reduction in demand for these services caused by a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, weakening economic or political conditions, security or privacy concerns, inability to properly manage such services, competing technologies and products, decreases in corporate spending or otherwise, our financial results and competitive position could suffer. If these investments do not yield the expected return, or we are unable to decrease the cost of delivering our cloud services, our gross margins, overall financial results, business model and competitive position could suffer. 
 We rely on third-party hosting providers to deliver our as-a-service offerings. Therefore, any disruption or interference with our use of these services could adversely affect our business. 
 Our use of third-party hosting facilities requires us to rely on the functionality and availability of the third parties services, as well as their data security, which despite our due diligence, may be or become inadequate. Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our existing and potential customers to use and access our cloud services or our website to download our software within an acceptable amount of time. Third-party service providers operate platforms that we access, and we are vulnerable to their service interruptions. We may experience interruptions, delays, and outages in service and availability due to problems with our third-party service providers infrastructure. This infrastructure s lack of availability could be due to many potential causes, including technical failures, power shortages, natural disasters, fraud, terrorism, or security attacks that we cannot predict or prevent. Such outages could trigger our service level agreements and the issuance of credits to our customers, which may impact our business and consolidated financial statements. 
 If we are unable to renew our agreements with our cloud service providers on commercially reasonable terms, an agreement is prematurely terminated, or we need to add new cloud services providers to increase capacity and uptime, we could experience interruptions, downtime, delays, and additional expenses related to transferring to and providing support for these new platforms. Any of the above circumstances or events may harm our reputation and brand, reduce our platforms availability or usage, and impair our ability to attract new users, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We sell a backup appliance which integrates our solution with hardware. If we fail to accurately predict manufacturing requirements and manage our supply chain we could incur additional costs or experience manufacturing delays that could harm our business. 
 We generally provide forecasts of our requirements to our supply chain partners on a rolling basis. If our forecast exceeds our actual requirements, a supply chain partner may assess additional charges or we may incur costs for excess inventory they hold, each of which could negatively affect our gross margins. If our forecast is less than our actual requirements, the applicable supply chain partner may have insufficient time or components to produce or fulfill our solutions' requirements, which could delay or interrupt manufacturing of our products or fulfillment of orders for our solutions, and result in delays in shipments, customer dissatisfaction, and deferral or loss of revenue. If we fail to accurately predict our requirements, we may be unable to fulfill those orders or we may be required to record charges for excess inventory. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our complex solutions may contain undetected errors, which could adversely affect not only their performance but also our reputation and the acceptance of our solutions in the market. 
 Our complex solutions may contain undetected errors or failures, especially when they are made generally available or new versions are released. Despite extensive testing by us and customers, we have discovered errors in our solutions in the past and will do so in the future. As a result of past discovered errors, we experienced delays and lost revenues while we corrected those solutions. In addition, customers in the past have brought to our attention bugs in our software created by the customers unique operating environments, which are often characterized by a wide variety of both standard and non-standard configurations that make pre-release testing very difficult and time consuming. Although we have been able to fix these bugs in the past, we may not always be able to do so. Our solutions may also be subject to intentional attacks by viruses that seek to take advantage of these bugs, errors or other weaknesses. Any of these events may result in the loss of, or delay in, market acceptance of our solutions or damage to our reputation, which would seriously harm our sales, results of operations and financial condition. 
 14 

We may not receive significant revenues from our current research and development efforts for several years, if at all. 
 Developing software is expensive, and the investment in product development may involve a long payback cycle. Our research and development expenses were 141.8 million, or 18 of our total revenues in fiscal 2023, 153.6 million, or 20 of our total revenues in fiscal 2022 and 133.4 million, or 18 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021. We believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position. However, we may not recognize significant revenues from these investments for several years, if at all. 
 Our ability to sell our solutions is highly dependent on the quality of our customer support and professional services, and failure to offer high quality customer support and professional services would have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. 
 Our services include the assessment and design of solutions to meet our customers storage management requirements and the efficient installation and deployment of our software applications based on specified business objectives. Further, once our software applications are deployed, our customers depend on us to resolve issues relating to our software applications. A high level of service is critical for the successful marketing and sale of our software. If we or our partners do not effectively install or deploy our applications, or succeed in helping our customers quickly resolve post-deployment issues, it would adversely affect our ability to sell software products to existing customers and could harm our reputation with prospective customers. As a result, our failure to maintain high quality support and professional services would have a material adverse effect on our sales of software applications and results of operations. 
 We implemented a restructuring program in fiscal 2022, which we cannot guarantee will achieve its intended result. 
 In fiscal 2022, we initiated a restructuring plan to increase efficiency in our sales, marketing and distribution functions while reducing costs across all functional areas. We cannot guarantee the restructuring program will achieve its intended result. Risks associated with this restructuring program also include additional unexpected costs, adverse effects on employee morale and the failure to meet operational and growth targets due to the loss of key employees, any of which may impair our ability to achieve anticipated results of operations or otherwise harm our business. 
 We have engaged, and may continue to engage, in strategic acquisitions or transactions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Acquisitions involve a number of risks, including diversion of management s attention, ability to finance the acquisition on attractive terms, failure to retain key personnel or valuable customers, legal liabilities, the need to amortize acquired intangible assets, and intellectual property ownership and infringement risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any additional future acquisitions may also result in the incurrence of indebtedness or the issuance of additional equity securities. 
 
 We could also experience financial or other setbacks if transactions encounter unanticipated problems, including problems related to governmental approval, execution, integration or underperformance relative to prior expectations. Acquisitions may not result in long-term benefits to us or we may not be able to further develop the acquired business in the manner we anticipated. 
 
 Following the completion of acquisitions, we may have to rely on the seller to provide administrative and other support, including financial reporting and internal controls, and other transition services to the acquired business for a period of time. There can be no assurance that the seller will do so in a manner that is acceptable to us. 
 
 Actual or threatened public health crises could adversely affect our business in a material way. 
 As a global company, with employees and customers located around the world in a variety of industries, our performance may be impacted by public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused global economic uncertainty. The emergence of a public health threat could pose the risk that our employees, partners, and customers may be prevented from conducting business activities at full capacity for an indefinite period, due to 
 15 

the spread of the disease or suggested or mandated by governmental authorities. Moreover, these conditions can affect the rate of information technology spending and may adversely affect our customers willingness to purchase our solutions, delay prospective customers purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their contracts, cause our customers to request concessions including extended payment terms or better pricing, or affect attrition rates, all of which could adversely affect our future sales and operating results. The global spread of COVID-19 has created significant uncertainty, and economic disruption. We have undertaken measures to protect our employees, partners, and customers, including allowing our employees to work remotely; however, there can be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient or that we can implement them without adversely affecting our business operations. 
 A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks. 
 Sales to global federal, state, and local governmental agencies account for a portion of our revenue, and we may in the future increase sales to government entities. This customer base experiences budgetary constraints or shifts in spending priorities regularly which may adversely affect sales of our solutions to government entities. 
 Selling to government entities can be highly competitive, expensive and time consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that we will successfully sell our solutions. Government entities may require contract terms that differ from our standard terms and conditions including termination rights favorable for the customer, audit rights, and maintenance of certain security clearances for facilities and employees which can entail administrative time and effort resulting in costs and delays. Government demand for our solutions may be more volatile as they are affected by stringent regulations, public sector budgetary cycles, funding authorizations, and the potential for funding reductions or delays, making the time to close such transactions more difficult to predict. 
 We are subject to several local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection, and any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations could adversely affect our business. 
 We are currently subject, and may become further subject, to federal, state and foreign laws and regulations regarding the privacy and protection of personal data or other potentially sensitive information. In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy security laws, including data breach notification laws, data privacy laws, consumer protection laws, and other similar laws. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, the "CCPA"), imposes obligations on certain businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and grant California residents certain rights related to their personal data. The CCPA imposes statutory fines for noncompliance (up to 7,500 per violation). Other states have enacted or proposed similar laws. These developments may increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and our customers. 
 
 Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards govern data privacy and security. For example, the European Union s ("E.U.") General Data Protection Regulation ("E.U. GDPR"), and the United Kingdom s ("U.K.") GDPR ("U.K. GDPR"), impose strict requirements for processing the personal data of individuals. Violations of these obligations carry significant potential consequences. For example, under the E.U. GDPR, government regulators may impose temporary or definitive bans on processing, as well as fines of up to 20 million or 4 of the annual global revenue, whichever is greater. Additionally, new and emerging data privacy regimes may be applicable in Asia, including China's Personal Information Protection Law, Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information, and Singapore's Personal Data Protection Act. 
 
 In addition, as a technology provider, our customers expect us to demonstrate compliance with current data privacy laws and further make contractual commitments and implement processes to enable the customer to comply with their own obligations under data privacy laws, and our actual or perceived inability to do so may adversely impact sales of our products and services, particularly to customers in highly regulated industries. 
 
 Our actual or perceived failure to comply with laws, regulations, contractual commitments, or other actual or asserted obligations, including certain industry standards, regarding personal information, or other confidential information of individuals could lead to costly legal action, brand and reputational damage, significant liability, inability to process data, and decreased demand for our services, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, any security breach that results in the release of, or unauthorized access to, personal information, or other confidential information of individuals could subject us to incident response, notice and remediation costs. Failure to 
 16 

safeguard data adequately or to destroy data securely could subject us to regulatory investigations or enforcement actions under applicable data security, unfair practices or consumer protection laws which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. The scope and interpretation of these laws could change and the associated burdens and our compliance costs could increase in the future. 
 Changes in senior management or key personnel could cause disruption in the Company and have a material effect on our business. 
 We have had, and could have, changes in senior management which could be disruptive to management and operations of the Company and could have a material effect on our business, operating results and financial conditions. Turnover at the senior management level may create instability within the Company, which could impede the Company s day-to-day operations. Such instability could impede our ability to fully implement our business plan and growth strategy, which would harm our business and prospects. 
 We rely on our key personnel to execute our existing business operations and identify and pursue new growth opportunities. The loss of key employees could result in significant disruptions to our business, and the integration and training of replacement personnel could be costly, time consuming, cause additional disruptions to our business and be unsuccessful. 
 Borrowing against our revolving credit facility could adversely affect our operations and financial results. 
 We have a 100 million revolving credit facility. As of March 31, 2023, there were no borrowings under the credit facility. If we were to borrow substantially against this facility the indebtedness could have adverse consequences, including: 
 requiring us to devote a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments of indebtedness, which would reduce the availability of cash flow to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures and other general purposes; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, general adverse economic conditions or changes in our business and the industry in which we operate in; 
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 
 limiting our ability to fund potential acquisitions. 
 The credit facility also contains financial maintenance covenants, including a leverage ratio and interest coverage ratio, and customary events of defaults. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations. For further discussion on our revolving credit facility, see Note 17 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Risks Related to our International Operations 
 If we are unable to effectively manage certain risks and challenges related to our India operations, our business could be harmed. 
 Our India operations are a key factor to our success. We believe that our significant presence in India provides certain important advantages for our business, such as direct access to a large pool of skilled professionals and assistance in growing our business internationally. However, it also creates certain risks that we must effectively manage. As of March 31, 2023, we had approximately 850 employees located in India. Wage costs differentiate depending on regions throughout the world. Wages in India are increasing at a faster rate than in the many other countries, including the United States. These increases could result in us incurring increased costs for technical professionals and reduced margins. There is intense competition in India for skilled technical professionals, and we expect such competition to increase. As a result, we may be unable to cost-effectively retain our current employee base in India or hire additional new talent. In addition, India has experienced significant inflation, low growth in gross domestic product and shortages of foreign exchange. India also has experienced civil unrest and has been involved in conflicts with neighboring countries. The occurrence of any of these circumstances could result in disruptions to our India operations, which, if continued for an extended period of time, could have a material adverse effect on our business. In recent years, India s government has adopted policies that are designed to promote foreign investment, including significant tax incentives, relaxation of regulatory restrictions, liberalized import and export duties and preferential rules on foreign investment and repatriations. These policies may not 
 17 

continue. If we are unable to effectively manage any of the foregoing risks related to our India operations, our development efforts could be impaired, our growth could be slowed and our results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 Volatility in the global economy could adversely impact our continued growth, results of operations and our ability to forecast future business. 
 As a global company, we have become increasingly subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in domestic and global economic and political conditions. Uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment and associated global economic conditions have resulted in volatility in credit, equity, debt and foreign currency markets. 
 These global economic conditions can result in slower economic activity, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital spending, inflation, adverse business conditions and liquidity concerns. There has also been increased volatility in foreign exchange markets. These factors make it difficult for our customers, our vendors and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. These factors could cause customers to slow or defer spending on our solutions, which would delay and lengthen sales cycles and negatively affect our results of operations. If such conditions deteriorate or if the pace of economic recovery is slower or more uneven, our results of operations could be adversely affected, we may not be able to sustain the growth rates we have experienced recently, and we could fail to meet the expectations of stock analysts and investors, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 We continue to invest in our business internationally where there may be significant risks with overseas investments and growth prospects. Increased volatility or declines in the credit, equity, debt and foreign currency markets in these regions could cause delays in or cancellations of orders. Deterioration of economic conditions in the countries in which we do business could also cause slower or impaired collections on accounts receivable. 
 We may experience fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 Our international sales are generally denominated in foreign currencies, and this revenue could be materially affected by currency fluctuations. Our primary exposure is to fluctuations in exchange rates for the U.S. dollar versus the Euro and, to a lesser extent, the Australian dollar, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, Indian rupee, Korean won and Singapore dollar. Changes in currency exchange rates could adversely affect our reported revenues and could require us to reduce our prices to remain competitive in foreign markets, which could also have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. An unfavorable change in the exchange rate of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar would result in lower revenues when translated into U.S. dollars, although operating expenditures would be lower as well. 
 In recent fiscal years, we have selectively hedged our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the balance sheet. In the future, we may enter into additional foreign currency-based hedging contracts to reduce our exposure to significant fluctuations in currency exchange rates on the balance sheet, although there can be no assurances that we will do so. However, as our international operations grow, or if dramatic fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates continue or increase or if our hedging strategies become ineffective, the effect of changes in the foreign currency exchange rates could become material to revenue, operating expenses, and income. 
 Our international sales and operations are subject to factors that could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We have significant sales and services operations outside the United States and derive a substantial portion of our revenues from these operations. We generated approximately 47 and 48 of our revenues from outside the United States in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. International revenue decreased 1 in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. Expansion of our international operations will require a significant amount of attention from our management and substantial financial resources and might require us to add qualified management in these markets. 
 18 

In addition to facing risks similar to the risks faced by our domestic operations, our international operations are also subject to risks related to the differing legal, political, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many countries, including: 
 adverse effects in economic conditions in the countries in which we operate related specifically to the COVID-19 pandemic and the governmental regulations put in place as a result of the virus, the war in Ukraine, and the financial instability of banking institutions; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing our international operations; 
 foreign countries may impose additional withholding taxes or otherwise tax our foreign income, impose tariffs or adopt other restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including currency exchange controls; 
 difficulties in coordinating the activities of our geographically dispersed and culturally diverse operations; 
 general economic conditions in the countries in which we operate, including seasonal reductions in business activity in the summer months in Europe and in other periods in other countries, could have an adverse effect on our earnings from operations in those countries; 
 imposition of, or unexpected adverse changes in, foreign laws or regulatory requirements may occur, including those pertaining to sanctions, export restrictions, privacy and data protection, trade and employment restrictions and intellectual property protections; 
 longer payment cycles for sales in foreign countries and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; 
 competition from local suppliers; 
 greater risk of a failure of our employees and partners to comply with both U.S. and foreign laws, including antitrust regulations, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, and any trade regulations ensuring fair trade practices; 
 costs and delays associated with developing solutions in multiple languages; and 
 political unrest, war or acts of terrorism. 
 Our business in emerging markets requires us to respond to rapid changes in market conditions in those markets. Our overall success in international markets depends, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing legal, regulatory, economic, social and political conditions. We may not continue to succeed in developing and implementing policies and strategies that will be effective in each location where we do business. The occurrence of any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Information Technology and Security 
 We may be subject to IT system failures, network disruptions and breaches in data security. 
 IT system failures, network disruptions and breaches of data security could disrupt our operations by causing delays or cancellation of customer orders, impeding the delivery of our solutions, negatively affecting customer support or professional services, preventing the processing of transactions and reporting of financial results, and disturbing our enterprise resource planning system. IT system failures, network disruptions and breaches of data security could also result in the unintentional disclosure of customer or our information as well as damage our reputation. There can be no assurance that a system failure, network disruption or data security breach will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Cybersecurity breaches and other exploited security vulnerabilities could subject us to significant costs and third-party liabilities, result in improper disclosure of data and violations of applicable privacy and other laws, require us to change our business practices, cause us to incur significant remediation costs, lead to loss of customer confidence in, or decreased use of our products and services, damage our reputation, divert the attention of management from the operation of our business, result in significant compensation or contractual penalties from us to our customers and their business partners as a result of losses to or claims by them, or expose us to litigation, regulatory investigations, and significant fines and penalties. 
 Bad actors regularly attempt to gain unauthorized access to our IT systems, and many such attempts are increasingly sophisticated. The perception that the COVID-19 pandemic has made companies IT systems more vulnerable has increased the already significant volume of such attempts. These attempts, which might be related to industrial, corporate or other espionage, criminal hackers or state-sponsored intrusions, include trying to covertly introduce malware or ransomware to our environments and impersonating authorized users. 
 19 

Third-party service providers that we may rely on to back up and process our confidential information may also be subject to similar threats. Such threats could result in the misappropriation, theft, misuse, disclosure, loss or destruction of the technology, intellectual property, or the proprietary, confidential or personal information, of us or our employees, customers, licensees, suppliers or partners, as well as damage to or disruptions in our IT systems. These threats are constantly evolving, increasing the difficulty of successfully defending against them or implementing adequate preventative measures. We seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their recurrence, but attempts to gain unauthorized access to our IT systems or other attacks may be successful, and in some cases, we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. 
 In addition, any failure to successfully implement new information systems and technologies, or improvements or upgrades to existing information systems and technologies in a timely manner could adversely impact our business, internal controls, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Legal Matters 
 We have been, and may in the future become, involved in litigation that may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 From time to time, we may become involved in various other legal proceedings relating to matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business, including intellectual property, commercial, product liability, employment, class action, whistleblower and other litigation and claims, and governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. Furthermore, because litigation is inherently uncertain, there can be no assurance that the results of any of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Tax and Accounting 
 Our effective tax rate is difficult to project, and changes in such tax rate or adverse results of tax examinations could adversely affect our operating results. 
 We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. Our results of operations would be adversely affected to the extent that our geographical mix of income becomes more weighted toward jurisdictions with higher tax rates and would be favorably affected to the extent the relative geographic mix shifts to lower tax jurisdictions. Any change in our mix of earnings is dependent upon many factors and is therefore difficult to predict. 
 The process of determining our anticipated tax liabilities involves many calculations and estimates that are inherently complex and make the ultimate tax obligation determination uncertain. As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate prior to the completion and filing of tax returns for such periods. These estimates involve complex issues, require extended periods of time to resolve, and require us to make judgments, such as anticipating the outcomes of audits with tax authorities and the positions that we will take on tax returns prior to our actually preparing the returns. In the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world. The final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical tax provisions and accruals. For further discussion on income taxes, see Note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Furthermore, our overall effective income tax rate and tax expenses may be affected by various factors in our business, including changes in our entity structure, geographic mix of income and expenses, tax laws, and variations in the estimated and actual level of annual profits before income tax. 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, and may even affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement or effectiveness of a change. 
 20 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 Goodwill represents a portion of our assets and any impairment of these assets could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 At March 31, 2023, our goodwill was approximately 127.8 million, which represented approximately 16 of our total assets. We test goodwill for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level, or more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of its carrying amount. This quantitative assessment requires us to assess and make judgments regarding a variety of factors which impact the fair value of the reporting unit or asset being tested, including business plans, anticipated future cash flows, economic projections and other market data. Because there are inherent uncertainties involved in these factors, significant differences between these estimates and actual results could result in future impairment charges and could materially impact our future financial results. For additional information on our goodwill impairment testing, see Note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any future impairment of this asset could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We may experience a decline in revenues or volatility in our quarterly operating results, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 We cannot predict our future quarterly revenues or operating results with certainty because of many factors outside of our control. A significant revenue or profit decline, lowered forecasts or volatility in our operating results could cause the market price of our common stock to decline substantially. Factors that could affect our revenues and operating results include the following: 
 
 the unpredictability of the timing and magnitude of orders for our solutions, particularly transactions greater than 100,000 in recent fiscal years, a majority of our quarterly revenues were earned and recorded near the end of each quarter; 
 the possibility that our customers may cancel, defer or limit purchases as a result of reduced information technology budgets; 
 the possibility that our customers may defer purchases of our solutions in anticipation of new solutions or updates from us or our competitors; 
 the ability of our OEMs and resellers to meet their sales objectives; 
 market acceptance of our new solutions and enhancements; 
 our ability to control expenses; 
 changes in our pricing, packaging and distribution terms or those of our competitors; and 
 the demands on our management, sales force and customer services infrastructure as a result of the introduction of new solutions or updates. 
 Our expense levels are relatively fixed and are based, in part, on our expectations of future revenues. If revenue levels fall below our expectations and we are profitable at the time, our net income would decrease because only a small portion of our expenses varies with our revenues. Therefore, any significant decline in revenues for any period could have an immediate adverse impact on our results of operations for that period. We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our results of operations could be below expectations of public market analysts and investors in future periods which would likely cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 The price of our common stock may be highly volatile and may decline regardless of our operating performance. 
 The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to: 
 variations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 
 changes in financial estimates, treatment of our tax assets or liabilities or investment recommendations by securities analysts following our business or our competitors; 
 the public s response to our press releases, rumors, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 
 21 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance or interpretations or principles; 
 sales of common stock by our directors, officers and significant stockholders; 
 announcements of technological innovations or enhanced or new products by us or our competitors; 
 our failure to achieve operating results consistent with securities analysts projections; 
 the operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors may deem comparable to us; 
 broad market and industry factors, including financial instability of banking institutions; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism or responses to such events. 
 The market prices of data protection solutions companies have been extremely volatile. Stock prices of many of those companies have often fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to their operating performance. In the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have often instituted securities class action litigation. Securities litigation could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of management from our business. 
 Although we believe we currently have adequate internal control over financial reporting, we are required to assess our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis, and any future adverse results from such assessment could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on our stock price. 
 Management has assessed that our internal control over financial reporting is effective and lacks any material weaknesses. Such assessment is made through subjective judgment of our management that may be open to interpretation. The effectiveness of our internal control in the future is subject to the risk that such internal controls may become inadequate. In the future, if we fail to timely complete this assessment, or if our independent auditors are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls, there may be a loss of public confidence financial reporting, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to regulatory sanctions or investigations by the Nasdaq Stock Market, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to timely meet our regulatory reporting obligations. 
 Certain provisions of our certificate of formation and our amended and restated bylaws or Delaware law could prevent or delay a potential acquisition of control of our Company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our certificate of formation, amended and restated bylaws and the laws in the State of Delaware contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the prospective acquirer and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. Delaware law also imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15 or more of our outstanding common stock. 
 We believe that these provisions protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by effectively requiring those who seek to obtain control of the Company to negotiate with our Board of Directors and by providing our Board of Directors with more time to assess any acquisition of control. However, these provisions could apply even if an acquisition of control of the Company may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition of control that our Board of Directors determines is not in the best interests of our Company and our shareholders. 

22 

General Risks 
 Our business could be materially and adversely affected as a result of natural disasters, terrorism or other catastrophic events. 
 Any economic failure or other material disruption caused by war, climate change or natural disasters, including fires, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, and tornadoes; power loss or shortages; environmental disasters; telecommunications or business information systems failures or similar events could also adversely affect our ability to conduct business. If such disruptions result in cancellations of customer orders or contribute to a general decrease in economic activity or corporate spending on IT, or impair our ability to meet our customer demands, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 There is also an increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. In addition to physical risks, climate change risk includes longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, sea level rise, and more frequent and prolonged drought. Such events could disrupt our operations or those of our customers or third parties on which we rely, including through direct damage to assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by the impact of the war in Ukraine and a widespread outbreak of contagious diseases, including the COVID-19 pandemic and its variants. These events may cause us or our customers to temporarily suspend operations and could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that could affect demand for our solutions, our ability to collect against existing trade receivables and our operating results. 
 We currently, and may in the future, have assets held at financial institutions that may exceed the insurance coverage offered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), the loss of which would have a severe negative affect on our operations and liquidity. 
 We may maintain our cash assets at financial institutions in the U.S. in amounts that may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000. Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, in response to the rapidly declining financial condition of regional banks Silicon Valley Bank SVB and Signature Bank Signature ), the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation and the New York State Department of Financial Services closed SVB and Signature on March 10, 2023 and March 12, 2023, respectively, and the FDIC was appointed as receiver for SVB and Signature. In the event of a failure or liquidity issues of or at any of the financial institutions where we maintain our deposits or other assets, we may incur a loss to the extent such loss exceeds the FDIC insurance limitation, which could have a material adverse effect upon our liquidity, financial condition and our results of operations. 
 Similarly, if our customers or partners experience liquidity issues as a result of financial institution defaults or non-performance where they hold cash assets, their ability to pay us may become impaired and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including the collection of accounts receivable and cash flows. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 23 

Item 2. Properties 
 Our principal administrative, sales, marketing, customer support and research and development facility is located at our owned corporate headquarters in Tinton Falls, New Jersey. In January 2023 we entered into an agreement to sell the property. The agreement includes a due diligence period for the buyer, is contingent on receiving approvals from certain government agencies, and includes other customary closing conditions. We believe the sale will likely close in the first half of fiscal 2024. Upon closing of the transaction, Commvault will enter into a lease for a portion of the premises. 
 In addition, we have offices in the United States in California, Florida and Texas; and outside the United States in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Arab Emirates, and United Kingdom. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are subject to claims in legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. We do not believe that we are currently party to any pending legal action that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business or operating results. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 24 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market for our Common Stock 
 Our common stock is listed and traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol CVLT . 
 Stockholders 
 As of May 3, 2023, there were approximately 43 holders of our common stock. The number of record holders does not represent the actual number of beneficial owners of shares of our common stock because shares are frequently held in street name by securities dealers and others for the benefit of individual owners who have the right to vote their shares. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the growth of our business. We therefore do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Our future decisions concerning the payment of dividends on our common stock will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition and capital expenditure plans, as well as any other factors that the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may consider relevant. 
 25 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock between March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2023, with the cumulative total return of (i) The Nasdaq Computer Index and (ii) The Nasdaq Composite Index, over the same period. This graph assumes the investment of 100,000 on March 31, 2018 in our common stock, The Nasdaq Composite Index and The Nasdaq Computer Index, and assumes the reinvestment of dividends, if any. The graph assumes the initial value of our common stock on March 31, 2018 was the closing sales price of 57.20 per share. 
 The comparisons shown in the graph below are based upon historical data. The stock price performance shown in the graph below is not necessarily indicative of, nor is it intended to forecast, the future performance of our common stock. Information used in the graph was obtained from Nasdaq, a source we believe to be reliable, but we are not responsible for any errors or omissions in such information. 

3/31/2018 3/31/2019 3/31/2020 3/31/2021 3/31/2022 3/31/2023 Commvault 100.00 113.18 70.77 112.76 116.00 99.20 Nasdaq Composite Index 100.00 109.43 109.01 187.54 201.33 173.03 Nasdaq Computer Index 100.00 111.52 125.07 219.28 263.47 235.80 
 26 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2023, we repurchased 60.8 million of common stock, or approximately 1.0 million shares, under our repurchase program. As a result, 99.1 million remained available under the current authorization. A summary of our repurchases of common stock is as follows: 
 Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced programs Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the program (in thousands) January 1-31, 2023 284,000 60.37 284,000 142,725 February 1-28, 2023 513,000 62.77 513,000 110,526 March 1-31, 2023 203,500 56.25 203,500 99,079 Three months ended March 31, 2023 1,000,500 60.76 1,000,500 
 On April 20, 2023, the Board of Directors approved an increase in our share repurchase program so that 250.0 million was available. The Board's authorization has no expiration date. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis along with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The statements in this discussion regarding our expectations of our future performance, liquidity and capital resources, and other non-historical statements are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. For discussion comparing the period ended March 31, 2022 to March 31, 2021, please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022. 
 
 Overview 
 Incorporated in Delaware in 1996, Commvault Systems, Inc. provides its customers with a data protection platform that helps them secure, defend and recover their most precious asset, their data. We provide these products and services for their data across the following environments: on-premises, hybrid, or multi-cloud. Our data protection offerings are delivered via self-managed software, software-as-a-service (SaaS), integrated appliances, or managed by partners. Customers use our technology to protect themselves from threats like ransomware and recover their data. 
 Industry 
 The industry in which we currently operate continues to go through accelerating changes as the result of compounding data growth and the introduction of new technologies. We are continuing to pursue an aggressive product development program in both data and information management solutions. Our data protection solutions include not only traditional backup, but also new innovations in de-duplication, data movement, virtualization, snap-based backups and enterprise reporting. Our information management innovations are primarily in the areas of archiving, eDiscovery, records management, governance, operational reporting and compliance. We remain focused on both the data and information management trends in the marketplace and, in fact, a material portion of our existing research and development expenses are utilized toward the development of such new technologies. 
 Given the nature of the industry in which we operate, our software applications are subject to obsolescence. We continually develop and introduce updates to our existing software applications in order to keep pace with evolving industry technologies. In addition, we must address evolving industry standards, changing customer requirements and competitive software applications that may render our existing software applications obsolete. 
 27 

Sources of Revenues 
 We derive a significant portion of our total revenues from sales of licenses of our software applications. We do not customize our software for a specific end-user customer. We sell our software applications to end-user customers both directly through our sales force and indirectly through our global network of value-added reseller partners, systems integrators, corporate resellers and original equipment manufacturers. Our software and products revenue was 45 of our total revenues for fiscal 2023, 46 in fiscal 2022 and 45 in fiscal 2021. 
 We continue to focus on subscription and other recurring revenue arrangements and continue to generate revenue from the renewals of subscription licenses sold in prior years. Any of our pricing models (capacity, instance based, etc.) can be sold via a subscription arrangement. In these arrangements, the customer has the right to use the software over a designated period of time. The capacity of the license is fixed and the customer has made an unconditional commitment to pay. Software revenue in these arrangements is generally recognized when the software is delivered. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, approximately 79 of software license revenue was sold under a subscription model. Software license revenue sold under a subscription model was 69 and 59 in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We also sell to some customers, primarily managed service providers, via utility, or pay-as-you-go models. In these arrangements, there is no minimum commitment and actual usage is regularly measured and billed. Revenue in these utility arrangements is recognized as the software is used. 
 Our total software and products revenue in any particular period is, to a certain extent, dependent upon our ability to generate revenues from large customer software and products deals, which we refer to as larger deal transactions. Larger deal transactions (transactions greater than 0.1 million of software and product revenue) represented approximately 73 of our software and products revenue in fiscal 2023, 72 in fiscal 2022 and 69 in fiscal 2021. 
 Software and products revenue generated through indirect distribution channels accounted for approximately 90 of total software and products revenue in recent fiscal years. Software and products revenue generated through direct distribution channels accounted for approximately 10 of total software and products revenue in recent fiscal years. Deals initiated by our direct sales force are sometimes transacted through indirect channels based on end-user customer requirements and vice versa, which are not always in our control and can cause this overall percentage split to vary from fiscal year to fiscal year. As such, there may be fluctuations in the dollars and percentage of software and products revenue generated through our direct distribution channels from time to time. We believe that the growth of our software and products revenue, derived from both our indirect channel partners and direct sales force, are key attributes to our long-term growth strategy. We intend to continue to invest in both our channel relationships and direct sales force in the future, but we continue to expect more revenue to be generated through indirect distribution channels over the long term. The failure of our indirect distribution channels or our direct sales force to effectively sell our software applications could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 
 We have a non-exclusive distribution agreement with Arrow pursuant to which Arrow's primary role is to enable a more efficient and effective distribution channel for our products and services by managing our reseller partners and leveraging their own industry experience. We generated 37 of our total revenues through Arrow in both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, and 36 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021. If Arrow were to discontinue or reduce the sales of our products or if our agreement with Arrow was terminated, and if we were unable to take back the management of our reseller channel or find another distributor to replace Arrow, there could be a material adverse effect on our future business. 
 Our services revenue was 55 of our total revenues for fiscal 2023, 54 in fiscal 2022 and 55 in fiscal 2021. Our services revenue is made up of fees from the delivery of customer support, SaaS, and other professional services, which are typically sold in connection with the sale of our software applications. Customer support agreements provide technical support and unspecified software updates on a when-and-if-available basis for an annual fee based on licenses purchased and the level of service subscribed. Metallic, our SaaS solution, allows customers to use hosted software over the contract period without taking possession of the software. Revenue related to Metallic is generally recognized ratably over the contract term as services revenue. Other professional services include consulting, assessment and design services, implementation and post-deployment services and training, all of which to date have predominantly been sold in connection with the sale of software applications. 
 28 

Most of our customer support agreements related to perpetual licenses are for a one-year term. As the end of the annual period approaches, we pursue the renewal of the agreement with the customer. Historically, maintenance renewals have represented a significant portion of our total revenue. Because of this characteristic of our business, if our customers choose not to renew their maintenance and support agreements with us on beneficial terms, or at all, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 The gross margin of our services revenue was 72 for fiscal 2023, 76 for fiscal 2022 and 79 for fiscal 2021. Overall, our services revenue has lower gross margins than our software and products revenue. The gross margin of our software and products revenue was 96 for both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, and 92 for fiscal 2021. The increase in gross margin percentage of software and products is a result of reduced sales of hardware associated with our ap pliance as well as reduced software royalties associated with sales of HyperScale appliances and software. With the launch of HyperScale X in the second half of fiscal 2021, we now typically sell software to a third party that sells an integrated appliance to end user customers. As a result, our hardware revenues and cost of sales have been decreasing. 
 Description of Costs and Expenses 
 Our cost of revenues is as follows: 
 
 Cost of Software and Products Revenue , consists primarily of the cost of third-party royalties and other costs such as media, manuals, translation and distribution costs, and hardware associated with our appliances; and 
 
 Cost of Services Revenue , consists of salary and employee benefit costs in providing customer support and other professional services as well as third-party hosting fees related to our as-a-service offerings. 
 
 Our operating expenses are as follows: 
 
 Sales and Marketing , consists primarily of salaries, commissions, employee benefits, stock-based compensation and other direct and indirect business expenses, including travel and related expenses, sales promotion expenses, public relations expenses and costs for marketing materials and other marketing events (such as trade shows and advertising); 
 
 Research and Development , which is primarily the expense of developing new software applications and modifying existing software applications, consists principally of salaries, stock-based compensation and benefits for research and development personnel and related expenses; contract labor expense and consulting fees as well as other expenses associated with the design, certification and testing of our software applications; and legal costs associated with the patent registration of such software applications; 
 
 General and Administrative , consists primarily of salaries, stock-based compensation and benefits for our executive, accounting, human resources, legal, information systems and other administrative personnel. Also included in this category are other general corporate expenses, such as outside legal and accounting services, compliance costs and insurance; and 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization , consists of depreciation expense primarily for our owned corporate campus headquarters location, computer equipment we use for information services and in our development and test labs and amortization of intangible assets. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Impact on Results of Operations 
 Sales outside the United States were 47 of our total revenue for fiscal 2023 and 48 for both fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. The income statements of our non-U.S. operations are translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates for each applicable month in a period. To the extent the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currency denominated transactions generally results in increased revenue, operating expenses and income from operations for our non-U.S. operations. Similarly, our revenue, operating expenses and net income will generally decrease for our non-U.S. operations if the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies. 
 29 

Using the average foreign currency exchange rates from fiscal 2022, our software and products revenue would have been higher by 15.1 million, our services revenue would have been higher by 19.7 million, our cost of sales would have been higher by 4.2 million and our operating expenses would have been higher by 18.6 million from non-U.S. operations for fiscal 2023. 
 In addition, we are exposed to risks of foreign currency fluctuation primarily from cash balances, accounts receivables and intercompany accounts denominated in foreign currencies and are subject to the resulting transaction gains and losses, which are recorded as a component of general and administrative expenses. We recognized net foreign currency transaction losses of 1.2 million in fiscal 2023, insignificant losses in fiscal 2022 and losses of 1.9 million in fiscal 2021. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 In presenting our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), we are required to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported therein. Some of the estimates and assumptions we are required to make relate to matters that are inherently uncertain as they pertain to future events. We base these estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable and appropriate. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be affected. 
 In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management s judgment in its application, while in other cases, significant judgment is required in selecting among available alternative accounting standards that allow different accounting treatment for similar transactions. We consider these policies requiring significant management judgment to be critical accounting policies. The following is a description of these critical accounting policies. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We account for revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Our revenue recognition policies require us to make significant judgments and estimates. In applying our revenue recognition policy, we must determine which portions of our revenue are recognized currently (generally software and products revenue) and which portions must be deferred and recognized in future periods (generally services revenue). We analyze various factors including, but not limited to, the selling price of undelivered services when sold on a stand-alone basis, our pricing policies, the credit-worthiness of our customers, and contractual terms and conditions in helping us to make such judgments about revenue recognition. Changes in judgment on any of these factors could materially impact the timing and amount of revenue recognized in a given period. We record revenue net of sales tax. 
 We derive revenue from two primary sources: software and products, and services. Software and products revenue includes our software and integrated appliances that combine our software with hardware. Services include customer support (software updates and technical support), consulting, assessment and design services, installation services, customer education and as-a-service, which is branded as Metallic. 
 We sell both perpetual and term-based licenses of our software. We refer to our term-based software licenses as subscription arrangements. We do not customize our software and installation services are not required. The software is delivered before related services are provided and is functional without professional services, updates and technical support. We have concluded that our software licenses (both perpetual and subscription) are functional intellectual property that is distinct, as the user can benefit from the software on its own. Software revenue for both perpetual and subscription licenses is typically recognized when the software is delivered and/or made available for download as this is the point the user of the software can direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the functional intellectual property. We do not recognize software revenue related to the renewal of subscription software licenses earlier than the beginning of the new subscription period. 
 30 

We also offer appliances that integrate our software with hardware and address a wide-range of business needs and use cases, ranging from support for remote or branch offices with limited IT staff up to large corporate data centers. We typically offer appliances via a software only model in which we sell software to a third party, which assembles an integrated appliance that is sold to end user customers. As a result, the revenue and costs associated with hardware are usually not included in our financial statements. 
 Services revenue includes revenue from customer support, SaaS, and other professional services. Customer support includes software updates on a when-and-if-available basis, telephone support, integrated web-based support and bug fixes or patches. We sell our customer support contracts as a percentage of net software purchases the support is related to. Customer support revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the customer support agreement, which is typically one year on our perpetual licenses. The term of our subscription arrangements is typically three years but can range between one and five years. 
 Commvault's SaaS offerings, which are branded as Metallic, allow customers to use hosted software over the contract period without taking possession of the software. Revenue related to Metallic is generally recognized ratably over the contract term as services revenue. 
 
 Our other professional services include consulting, assessment and design services, installation services and customer education. Customer education services include courses taught by our instructors or third-party contractors. Revenue related to other professional services and customer education services is typically recognized as the services are performed. 
 
 Most of our contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations. For these contracts, we account for individual performance obligations separately if they are distinct. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. Standalone selling prices of software and appliances are typically estimated using the residual approach. Standalone selling prices of services are typically estimated based on observable transactions when these services are sold on a standalone basis. 
 
 Our typical performance obligations include the following: 
 Performance Obligation When Performance Obligation is Typically Satisfied When Payment is Typically Due How Standalone Selling Price is Typically Estimated Software and Products Revenue Software Licenses Upon shipment or made available for download (point in time) Within 90 days of shipment except for certain subscription licenses which are paid for over time Residual approach Customer Support Revenue Software Updates Ratably over the course of the support contract (over time) At the beginning of the contract period Observable in renewal transactions Customer Support Ratably over the course of the support contract (over time) At the beginning of the contract period Observable in renewal transactions Other Services Revenue Other Professional Services (except for education services) As work is performed (over time) Within 90 days of services being performed Observable in transactions without multiple performance obligations Education Services When the class is taught (point in time) Within 90 days of services being performed Observable in transactions without multiple performance obligations As-a-service (Metallic) Ratably over the course of the contract (over time) Annually or at the beginning of the contract period Observable in transactions without multiple performance obligations 
 31 

Accounting for Income Taxes 
 Under ASC 740, deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts. Valuation allowances are established when, in our judgment, it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we weigh the available positive and negative evidence, including historical levels of pre-tax income, legislative developments, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future pre-tax income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. We believe that it is more likely than not that we will not realize the benefits of our gross deferred tax assets and therefore have recorded a valuation allowance to reduce the carrying value of these gross deferred tax assets, net of the impact of the reversal of taxable temporary differences, to zero. The valuation allowance is material to our financial statements. In the future, changes to our estimates regarding the realizability of our gross deferred tax assets could materially impact our results of operations. 
 We conduct business globally and as a result, file income tax returns in the United States and in various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world, including such major jurisdictions as the United States, Australia, Canada, Germany, Netherlands and United Kingdom. 
 Goodwill 
 We test goodwill for impairment at least annually, on January 1, by performing a quantitative assessment of whether the fair value of each reporting unit or asset exceeds its carrying amount. We have one reporting unit. Goodwill is tested at this reporting unit level. This requires us to assess and make judgments regarding a variety of factors which impact the fair value of the reporting unit or asset being tested, including business plans, anticipated future cash flows, economic projections and other market data. Because there are inherent uncertainties involved in these factors, significant differences between these estimates and actual results could result in future impairment charges and could materially impact our future financial results. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we completed the annual impairment test for goodwill and determined that it had not been impaired as of the test date, January 1, 2023. 

Results of Operations 
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 
 Revenues (in millions) 
 
 - Total revenues increased 15.0 million, or 2 as a result of the following: 
 
 An increase in services revenue driven by the year over year increase in revenue from Metallic as-a-service arrangements. 
 Software and products revenue represented 45 of our total revenues in fiscal 2023 and 46 of our total revenues in fiscal 2022. 
 32 

Services revenue represented 55 of our total revenues in fiscal 2023 and 54 of our total revenues in fiscal 2022. 
 Using the average foreign currency exchange rates from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, our total revenues would have increased 6 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 
 Software and products revenue decreased 1.4 million, primarily due to: 
 
 The impact of the year over year strengthening of the U.S. dollar, particularly as compared to the Euro and British Pound. Using the average foreign currency exchange rates from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, our software and products revenue would have increased 4 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 
 The foreign currency impact was partially offset by an increase of 3.2 million, or 1 , in larger deal transactions (deals greater than 0.1 million in software and products revenue). Larger deal transactions represented approximately 73 of our software and products revenue in fiscal 2023 and 72 of our software and products revenue in fiscal 2022. 
 The average dollar amount of larger deal transactions was approximately 345 thousand in fiscal 2023 and approximately 320 thousand in fiscal 2022. There were 750 larger deal revenue transactions in fiscal 2023 compared to 799 deals in fiscal 2022. 
 The increase in larger deal transaction revenue was partially offset by a decrease of 4.6 million in transactions less than 0.1 million. 
 
 - Services revenue increased 16.4 million, or 4 , primarily due to: 
 An increase in other services revenue, driven primarily by the year over year increase in revenue from Metallic as-a-service arrangements, partially offset by a decrease in revenue from customer support agreements. 
 Using the average foreign currency exchange rates from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, our services revenue would have increased 9 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 
 We track software and products revenue on a geographic basis. Our International region encompasses Europe, Middle East, Africa, Australia, India, Japan, Southeast Asia, and China. Our Americas region includes the United States, Canada, and Latin America. Americas and International represented 60 and 40 of total software and products revenue, respectively, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. Software and products revenue was flat year over year in the Americas and decreased 1 in International. 
 The decrease in International software and products revenue was primarily due to the year over year strengthening of the U.S. dollar, particularly as compared to the Euro and British Pound. Using the average foreign currency exchange rates from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, our International revenue would have increased 10 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 
 Our software and products revenue in International is subject to changes in foreign exchange rates as further discussed above in the Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Impact on Results of Operations section. 
 
 33 

Cost of Revenues and Gross Margin in millions) 

- Total cost of revenues increased 21.5 million and represented 17 and 15 of our total revenues in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. 
 - Cost of software and products revenue increased 0.6 million and represented 4 of software and products revenue in both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. 
 - Cost of services revenue increased 20.9 million and represented 28 of our services revenue in fiscal 2023 compared to 24 in fiscal 2022. The increase in cost of services revenue primarily related to an increase in the cost of infrastructure related to Metallic as-a-service offerings as they continue to scale. 

34 

Operating Expenses in millions) 

Sales and marketing expenses decreased 0.8 million, primarily due to a decrease in employee compensation and sales commissions relative to the prior year period partially offset by increases in stock compensation and travel expenses. 
 
 - Research and development expenses decreased 11.8 million, or 8 , due to decreases in employee compensation and related expenses, including a 5.3 million decrease in stock-based compensation, and the completion of payments related to key employees of Hedvig, Inc., which ended in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. Investing in research and development has been a priority for Commvault, and we anticipate continued spending related to the development of our data protection software applications. 
 
 - General and administrative expenses increased 1.2 million, or 1 , primarily due to increases in employee compensation and related expenses compared to prior year, partially offset by a 0.9 million decrease in stock-based compensation. 
 
 - Restructuring: Our restructuring plan, initiated in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, is aimed to increase efficiency in our sales, marketing and distribution functions as well as reduce costs across all functional areas. The plan also included a reorganization to combine our EMEA and APJ field organizations into our International region. Restructuring expenses were 15.5 million and 6.2 million for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These restructuring charges relate primarily to severance and related costs associated with headcount reductions. These charges include 2.6 million in fiscal 2023 and 1.7 million in fiscal 2022 of stock-based compensation related to modifications of existing awards granted to certain employees included in the restructuring. We cannot guarantee the restructuring program will achieve its intended result. Risks associated with this restructuring program also include additional unexpected costs, adverse effects on employee morale and the failure to meet operational and growth targets due to the loss of key employees, any of which may impair our ability to achieve anticipated results of operations or otherwise harm our business. 
 35 

- Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 0.4 million, from 9.7 million in fiscal 2022 to 9.3 million in fiscal 2023, driven by the reclassification of our owned corporate headquarters as assets held for sale. 
 
 - Impairment charges: During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we entered into an agreement to sell our owned corporate headquarters in Tinton Falls, New Jersey. The property was reclassified as assets held for sale and the previous carrying amount was written down to its estimated fair value, less estimated costs to sell, resulting in a noncash impairment charge of 53.5 million. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income increased 0.6 million, from 0.7 million in fiscal 2022 to 1.3 million in fiscal 2023 primarily as a result of an increase in long term receivables that include a financing component. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 0.4 million as a result of entering into a revolving credit facility in late fiscal 2022. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense was 20.4 million in fiscal 2023 compared to expense of 9.8 million in fiscal 2022. The income tax expense for the year ended March 31, 2023 relates primarily to current U.S. and foreign taxes. The increase in income tax expense relative to the prior year relates primarily to current federal and state taxes driven by the effects of capitalization and amortization of research and development expenses starting in fiscal year 2023 as required by the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Given we have recorded a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, there is no corresponding deferred tax benefit related to the current tax expense associated with the capitalization of research and development expenses. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of March 31, 2023, our cash balance was 287.8 million. The amount of cash and cash equivalents held outside of the United States by our foreign legal entities was approximately 183.3 million. In recent fiscal years, our principal source of liquidity has been cash provided by operations. These balances are dispersed across approximately 35 international locations around the world. We believe that such dispersion meets the current and anticipated future liquidity needs of our foreign legal entities. In the event we need to repatriate funds from outside of the United States, such repatriation would likely be subject to restrictions by local laws and/or tax consequences including foreign withholding taxes. 
 On December 13, 2021, we entered into a five-year 100 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.. The Credit Facility is available for share repurchases, general corporate purposes, and letters of credit. The Credit Facility contains financial maintenance covenants including a leverage ratio and interest coverage ratio. The Credit Facility also contains certain customary events of default which would permit the lender to, among other things, declare all loans then outstanding to be immediately due and payable if such default is not cured within applicable grace periods. The Credit Facility also limits our ability to incur certain additional indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, make acquisitions, make investments, loans or advances, sell or transfer assets, pay dividends or distributions, and engage in certain transactions with foreign affiliates. Outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility accrue interest at an annual rate equal to Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus 1.25 subject to increases based on our actual leverage. The unused balance on the Credit Facility is also subject to a 0.25 annual interest charge subject to increases based on our actual leverage. As of March 31, 2023, there were no borrowings under the Credit Facility and we were in compliance with all covenants. 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, we repurchased 150.9 million of common stock, or approximately 2.5 million shares. On April 20, 2023, the Board of Directors approved an increase in our share repurchase program so that 250.0 million was available. The Board's authorization has no expiration date. While we are not obligated to, our current practice is to repurchase shares using at least 75 of free cash flow (operating cash flow less capital expenditures). 
 36 

A summary of the cash used for the stock repurchase program consists of the following: 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Cash used for repurchases (in thousands) 150,921 305,239 95,259 77,198 132,697 Shares repurchased (in thousands) 2,521 4,307 1,643 1,701 2,115 Average price per share 59.90 70.87 57.97 45.37 62.74 
 
 Our summarized cash flow information is as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities 170,288 177,180 Net cash used in investing activities (5,286) (24,444) Net cash used in financing activities (135,579) (276,088) Effects of exchange rate changes in cash (9,152) (6,378) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 20,271 (129,730) 

- Net cash provided by operating activities was impacted by: 
 Fiscal 2023: net loss adjusted for the impact of non-cash charges, including the impairment of our owned corporate headquarters, and increases in deferred revenue partially offset by decreases in accrued expenses. 
 Fiscal 2022: net income adjusted for the impact of non-cash charges and increases in deferred revenue and accrued expenses, partially offset by increases in accounts receivable and deferred commissions. 
 
 - Net cash used in investing activities was impacted by: 
 Fiscal 2023: 3.2 million of capital expenditures and 2.1 million for the purchase of equity securities. 
 Fiscal 2022: 16.9 million used for the acquisition of TrapX, 3.9 million of capital expenditures and 4.1 million for the purchase of equity securities partially offset by proceeds of 0.5 million related to the sale of an equity investment. 
 
 37 

- Net cash used in financing activities was impacted by: 
 Fiscal 2023: 150.9 million used to repurchase shares of our common stock under our repurchase program, 0.1 million of debt issuance costs paid partially offset by 15.4 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 Fiscal 2022: 305.2 million used to repurchase shares of our common stock under our repurchase program, 0.6 million of debt issuance costs paid partially offset by 29.7 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 Working capital increased 50.8 million from 90.0 million as of March 31, 2022 to 140.8 million as of March 31, 2023. The increase in working capital is primarily due to the reclassification of our owned corporate headquarters as assets held for sale. 
 We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and our cash from operations will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for working capital, income taxes, capital expenditures and potential stock repurchases for at least the next twelve months. We may seek additional funding through public or private financings or other arrangements during this period. Adequate funds may not be available when needed or may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If additional funds are raised by issuing equity securities, dilution to existing stockholders will result. If we raise additional funds by obtaining loans from third parties, the terms of those financing arrangements may include negative covenants or other restrictions on our business that could impair our operational flexibility, and would also require us to fund additional interest expense. If funding is insufficient at any time in the future, we may be unable to develop or enhance our products or services, take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Summary Disclosures about Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
 Our material capital commitments consist of obligations under facilities and operating leases. Some of these leases have free or escalating rent payment provisions. Refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on operating leases. 
 We have certain software royalty commitments associated with the shipment and licensing of certain products. Royalty expense is generally based on a fixed cost per unit shipped or a fixed fee for unlimited units shipped over a designated period. Royalty expense, included in cost of software and products revenues, was 9.3 million in fiscal 2023 and 11.2 million in fiscal 2022. 
 We offer a 90-day limited product warranty for our software. To date, costs relating to this product warranty have not been material. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of March 31, 2023, we did not have off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities. 
 
 Indemnifications 
 Certain of our software licensing agreements contain certain provisions that indemnify our customers from any claim, suit or proceeding arising from alleged or actual intellectual property infringement. These provisions continue in perpetuity along with our software licensing and as-a-service agreements. We have never incurred a liability relating to one of these indemnification provisions in the past and we believe that the likelihood of any future payout relating to these provisions is remote. Therefore, we have not recorded a liability during any period related to these indemnification provisions. 
 
 Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 See Note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the impact of recently issued accounting standards. 
 38 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 None. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Economic Exposure 
 As a global company, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Our international sales are generally denominated in foreign currencies and this revenue could be materially affected by currency fluctuations. Approximately 47 of our sales were outside the United States in fiscal 2023 and 48 in fiscal 2022. Our primary exposures are to fluctuations in exchange rates for the U.S. dollar versus the Euro, and to a lesser extent, the Australian dollar, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, Indian rupee, Korean won and Singapore dollar. Changes in currency exchange rates could adversely affect our reported revenues and require us to reduce our prices to remain competitive in foreign markets, which could also have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Historically, we have periodically reviewed and revised the pricing of our products available to our customers in foreign countries and we have not maintained excess cash balances in foreign accounts. 
 We estimate that a 10 change in all foreign exchange rates would impact our reported operating profit by approximately 11.0 million annually. This sensitivity analysis disregards the possibilities that rates can move in opposite directions and that losses from one geographic area may be offset by gains from another geographic area. 
 Transaction Exposure 
 Our exposure to foreign currency transaction gains and losses is primarily the result of certain net receivables due from our foreign subsidiaries and customers being denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the subsidiary. Our foreign subsidiaries conduct their businesses in local currency and we generally do not maintain excess U.S. dollar cash balances in foreign accounts. 
 Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. We recognized net foreign currency transaction losses of 1.2 million in fiscal 2023, insignificant losses in fiscal 2022, and losses of 1.9 million in fiscal 2021. 
 39 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 41 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 44 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 45 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 47 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 48 
 
 40 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Commvault Systems, Inc. (the Company) as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated May 5, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 41 

Accounting for Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company derives revenues from two primary sources: software and products, and services. Most of the Company s contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations which are accounted for separately if they are distinct. The transaction price is allocated to separate performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. 
 Auditing the identification of performance obligations in a software contract requires significant judgment as it relates to the evaluation of the contractual terms of the arrangement. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s revenue recognition process, including the evaluation of the contractual terms of the revenue arrangements. To test the amount of revenue recognized, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing a sample of revenue transactions during the year and evaluating the identification of performance obligations based on an analysis of the contractual terms and independent confirmations of the terms and conditions of the contract directly with customers. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1998. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 May 5, 2023 
 42 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 March 31, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, net Assets held for sale Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease assets Deferred commissions cost Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, less current portion Deferred tax liabilities, net Long-term operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 43 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenues: Software and products Services Total revenues Cost of revenues: Software and products Services Total cost of revenues Gross margin Operating expenses: Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Restructuring Depreciation and amortization Impairment charges Total operating expenses Income (loss) from operations ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) Other income (loss), net ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per common share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 44 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

45 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shares Amount Balance at March 31, 2020 ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) ) Stock-based compensation Share issuance related to stock-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance at March 31, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation Share issuance related to stock-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation Share issuance related to stock-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

46 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Noncash stock-based compensation Noncash change in fair value of equity securities ) Noncash impairment charges Deferred income taxes ) ) Amortization of deferred commissions cost Impairment of operating lease assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade accounts receivable ) ) ) Operating lease assets and liabilities, net ) ) ) Other current assets and Other assets Deferred commissions cost ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Deferred revenue Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Proceeds from maturity of short-term investments Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchase of equity securities ) ) Business combination, net of cash acquired ) Other Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from stock-based compensation plans Debt issuance costs ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effects of exchange rate changes in cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Interest paid Income taxes paid ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 47 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 1. 

2. 
 
 Advertising expenses were , , and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 48 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 in the year ended March 31, 2023, insignificant losses in the year ended March 31, 2022, and losses of in the year ended March 31, 2021. 
 49 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) ) Basic net income (loss) per common share: Basic weighted average shares outstanding Basic net income (loss) per common share ) ) Diluted net income (loss) per common share: Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock units (1) 
 Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding Diluted net income (loss) per common share ) ) 
 
 (1) In fiscal 2023 and 2021 dilutive shares have been excluded because we were in a net loss position. 
 
 The diluted weighted-average shares outstanding exclude restricted stock units, performance restricted stock units, shares to be purchased under the ESPP and outstanding stock options totaling , and for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 The allowance for doubtful accounts was as of March 31, 2023 and as of March 31, 2022. For the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, bad debt expense was immaterial. 
 Historically, we have not experienced material losses related to the inability to collect receivables from our customers. There is presently no indication that we will not collect material amounts of accounts receivable as of March 31, 2023. The inability to collect receivables could have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 Sales through our distribution agreement with Arrow Enterprise Computing Solutions, Inc. ("Arrow") totaled approximately for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, and of total revenues for the year ended March 31, 2021. Arrow accounted for approximately and of total accounts receivable as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 50 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

There were no financial assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the years ended March 31, 2023 or 2022. 
 as of March 31, 2023, which are accounted for under the net asset value practical expedient as permitted under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement . These investments are included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The net asset values of these investments are determined using quarterly capital statements from the funds, which are based on our contributions to the funds, allocation of profit and loss and changes in fair value of the underlying fund investments. Changes in fair value as reported on the capital statements are recorded through the consolidated statements of operations as non-operating income or expense. These private equity funds focus on making investments in key technology sectors, principally by investing in companies at expansion capital and growth equity stages. We have total unfunded commitments in private equity funds of as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 For a further discussion of our accounting policies related to leases, see Note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 to and furniture and fixtures are generally depreciated over three to . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the useful life of the improvement or the term of the related lease. Expenditures for routine maintenance and repairs are charged against operations. Major replacements, improvements and additions are capitalized. 
 
 51 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

as we believed this method most closely reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the assets will be consumed. Impairment losses are recognized if the carrying amount of an intangible asset is both not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. 

, the expected period of benefit of the asset capitalized. We currently estimate a period of is appropriate based on consideration of historical average customer life and the estimated useful life of the underlying software sold as part of the transaction. The commission paid on the renewal of a term-based or subscription software license is not commensurate with the commission paid on the initial purchase. As a result, the cost of commissions allocated to software updates and customer support on the initial term-based software license transactions are amortized over a period of approximately , consistent with the accounting for these costs associated with perpetual licenses. The costs of commissions allocated to software updates and support for the renewal of term-based software licenses is limited to the contractual period of the arrangement, as we pay a commensurate renewal commission upon the next renewal of the subscription license and related updates and support. 
 The incremental costs attributable to as-a-service offerings and professional services are generally amortized over the period the related services are provided and revenue is recognized. Amortization expense related to these costs is included in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 52 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

3. 
 primary sources: software and products, and services. Software and products revenue includes our software and integrated appliances that combine our software with hardware. Services include customer support (software updates and technical support), consulting, assessment and design services, installation services, customer education and as-a-service, which is branded as Metallic. 
 We sell both perpetual and term-based licenses of our software. We refer to our term-based software licenses as subscription arrangements. We do not customize our software and installation services are not required. The software is delivered before related services are provided and is functional without professional services, updates and technical support. We have concluded that our software licenses (both perpetual and subscription) are functional intellectual property that is distinct, as the user can benefit from the software on its own. Software revenue for both perpetual and subscription licenses is typically recognized when the software is delivered and/or made available for download as this is the point the user of the software can direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the functional intellectual property. We do not recognize software revenue related to the renewal of subscription software licenses earlier than the beginning of the new subscription period. 
 We also offer appliances that integrate our software with hardware and address a wide-range of business needs and use cases, ranging from support for remote or branch offices with limited IT staff up to large corporate data centers. We typically offer appliances via a software only model in which we sell software to a third party, which assembles an integrated appliance that is sold to end user customers. As a result, the revenue and costs associated with hardware are usually not included in our financial statements. 
 
 Services revenue includes revenue from customer support, as-a-service, and other professional services. Customer support includes software updates on a when-and-if-available basis, telephone support, integrated web-based support and bug fixes or patches. We sell our customer support contracts as a percentage of net software purchases the support is related to. Customer support revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the customer support agreement, which is typically on our perpetual licenses. The term of our subscription arrangements is typically , but can range between one and . 
 53 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 days of shipment except for certain subscription licenses which are paid for over time 
 Residual approach Customer Support Revenue Software Updates Ratably over the course of the support contract (over time) At the beginning of the contract period Observable in renewal transactions Customer Support Ratably over the course of the support contract (over time) At the beginning of the contract period Observable in renewal transactions Other Services Revenue Other Professional Services (except for education services) As work is performed (over time) Within days of services being performed 
 Observable in transactions without multiple performance obligations Education Services When the class is taught (point in time) Within days of services being performed 
 Observable in transactions without multiple performance obligations As-a-service (Metallic) Ratably over the course of the contract (over time) Annually or at the beginning of the contract period Observable in transactions without multiple performance obligations 
 54 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Customer Support Revenue Other Services Revenue Total Revenue 
 Year Ended March 31, 2022 Americas International Total Software and Products Revenue Customer Support Revenue Other Services Revenue Total Revenue 
 Year Ended March 31, 2021 Americas International Total Software and Products Revenue Customer Support Revenue Other Services Revenue Total Revenue 

Increase/(decrease), net ) Ending balance as of March 31, 2023 

The net increase in accounts receivable (inclusive of unbilled receivables) and deferred revenue are a result of an increase in Metallic contracts which are billed upfront but recognized ratably over the contract period. 
 
 55 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 for the year ended March 31, 2023. The vast majority of this revenue consists of customer support and SaaS arrangements. The amount of revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied in prior periods was not significant. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 , of which approximately is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next months and the remainder recognized thereafter. 
 
 4. 
 of the equity interest for a purchase price of , paid in cash. The primary reason for the business combination is to expand the security features of our software-as-a-service offerings. The technology was valued using the replacement method. 
 Trade accounts receivable Developed technology Pre-acquisition tax contingencies ) Accrued expenses ) Deferred revenue ) Total identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed Goodwill Total purchase price 
 
 5. 
 of the goodwill recorded is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 There were impairments to the carrying amount of goodwill during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 Additions Ending balance 
 
 56 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 ) ) 
 Amortization expense from acquired intangible assets was for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, for the fiscal year ended 2022 and for fiscal year ended 2021. 
 2025 Total 

6. 
 in cash consideration and determined the assets and land related to headquarters met the criteria for classification as assets held for sale in accordance with ASC 360, Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . The property's previous carrying amount of was written down to its estimated fair value, less estimated costs to sell, of , resulting in a non-cash impairment charge of on our consolidated statements of operations for the period ended March 31, 2023. We believe the sale will likely close in the first half of fiscal 2024. Upon closing of the transaction, we will enter into a lease for a portion of the premises. 

7. 
 Buildings Computers, servers and other equipment Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Purchased software Construction in process Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 57 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 , , and for the years ended 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation expense allocated to our cost of goods sold was approximately for the year ended 2023, and for the years ended 2022 and 2021. 
 As discussed in Note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, assets related to the sale of the Tinton Falls, New Jersey headquarters were reclassified to assets held for sale in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, at which time depreciation ended. 
 
 8. 
 Other 
 
 9. 

In June 2022, we entered into an amended agreement with a third-party provider, in the ordinary course of business, for the use of certain cloud services through June 2027. Under the amended agreement, we committed to a purchase of throughout the term of the agreement. As of March 31, 2023, we had of remaining obligations under the purchase agreement. 
 We have certain software royalty commitments associated with the shipment and licensing of certain products. Royalty expense is generally based on a fixed cost per unit shipped or a fixed fee for unlimited units shipped over a designated period. 

Warranties and Indemnifications 
 
 We typically offer a -day limited product warranty for our software. To date, costs related to this product warranty have not been significant. 
 We provide certain provisions within our software licensing agreements to indemnify our customers from any claim, suit or proceeding arising from alleged or actual intellectual property infringement. These provisions continue in perpetuity, along with our software licensing agreements. We have never incurred a liability relating to one of these indemnification provisions, and management believes that the likelihood of any future payout relating 
 58 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 t recorded a liability during any period for these indemnification provisions. 
 Lease Obligations 
 
 Please refer to Note 16 of the notes to the financial statements for more detail on our minimum lease commitments. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 We do not believe that we are currently party to any pending legal action that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business or operating results. 
 During fiscal 2022, we entered into settlement agreements resulting in a gain which resolved certain legal matters. The settlement amounts are recorded in general and administrative expenses net against related legal expenses. 

10. 
 and shares of common stock, par value , outstanding at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. 
 Our share repurchase program has been funded by our existing cash and cash equivalent balances, as well as cash flows provided by our operations. 
 The Board of Directors (the "Board") had previously approved a share repurchase program of in April 2022. The Board's authorization has no expiration date. During fiscal 2023, we repurchased of our common stock, or approximately shares. As a result, remained available under the current authorization as of March 31, 2023. 
 Subsequent Event 
 On April 20, 2023, the Board approved an increase of the existing share repurchase program so that was available. The Board s authorization has no expiration date. 
 Shares Reserved for Issuance 
 At March 31, 2023, we have reserved shares in connection with our Stock Plans discussed in Note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 11. 
 , an increase of shares. The 2016 Incentive Plan authorizes a broad range of awards including stock options, stock appreciation rights, full value awards (including restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares or units and other stock-based awards) and cash-based awards. As of March 31, 2023, approximately shares were available for future grant under the 2016 Incentive Plan. 
 59 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 period, except that the shares that would otherwise vest quarterly over the first twelve months do not vest until the first anniversary of the grant. We anticipate that future grants under our stock incentive plans will be restricted stock units and performance stock awards and do not anticipate that we will grant stock options. 
 Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Restructuring Stock-based compensation expense 
 As of March 31, 2023, there was approximately of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to all of our employee stock plans that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. To the extent the actual forfeiture rate is different from what we have anticipated, stock-based compensation related to these awards will be different from our expectations. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Expired ) Outstanding at March 31, 2023 
 Exercisable at March 31, 2023 
 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised was , , and in the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 60 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested as of March 31, 2023 
 
 The total fair value of the restricted stock units that vested during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. The fair value of awards includes the awards with a market condition described below. 
 
 Performance Based Awards 
 
 In fiscal 2023, we granted performance stock units ("PSUs") to certain executives. Vesting of these awards is contingent upon i) us meeting certain non-GAAP performance goals (performance-based) in fiscal 2023 and ii) our customary service periods. The awards vest over . The related stock-based compensation expense is determined based on the value of the underlying shares on the date of grant and is recognized over the vesting term using the accelerated method. During each financial period, management estimates the probable number of PSUs that would vest until the ultimate achievement of the performance goals is known. Based on our results, the PSUs vested at . The awards are included in the restricted stock unit table. 
 
 In fiscal 2022, we granted and PSUs to certain executives in May 2021 and June 2021, respectively, for a total of PSUs. Vesting of these awards is contingent upon i) us meeting certain revenue and non-GAAP performance goals (performance-based) in fiscal 2022 and ii) our customary service periods. The awards vest over . The related stock-based compensation expense is determined based on the value of the underlying shares on the date of grant and is recognized over the vesting term using the accelerated method. Based on our results, the PSUs granted in May 2021 vested at and the PSUs granted in June 2021 vested at . The awards are included in the restricted stock unit table. 
 Awards with a Market Condition 
 
 In fiscal 2023, we granted market performance stock units to certain executives. The vesting of these awards is contingent upon us meeting certain total shareholder return ("TSR") levels as compared to the Russell 3000 market index over the next . The awards vest in annual tranches and have a maximum potential to vest at shares) based on TSR performance. The related stock-based compensation expense is determined based on the estimated fair value of the underlying shares on the date of grant and is recognized using the accelerated method over the vesting term. The estimated fair value was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The fair value of the awards granted during the year was per unit. The awards are included in the restricted stock unit table above. 
 
 In fiscal 2022, we granted market performance stock units to certain executives. The vesting of these awards is contingent upon us meeting certain TSR levels as compared to the Russell 3000 market index over the next . The awards vest in annual tranches and have a maximum potential to vest at shares) based on TSR performance. The related stock-based compensation expense is determined based on the estimated fair value of the underlying shares on the date of grant and is recognized using the accelerated method over the vesting term. The estimated fair value was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The fair value of the awards granted during the year was per unit. The awards are included in the restricted stock unit table above. 
 61 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 of the lower of the fair market values of the stock as of the beginning or the end of offering periods. An employee s payroll deductions under the ESPP are limited to of the employee s salary and employees may not purchase more than of stock during any calendar year. Employees purchased shares in exchange for of proceeds in fiscal 2023 and shares in exchange for of proceeds in fiscal 2022. The ESPP is considered compensatory and the fair value of the discount and look back provision are estimated using the Black-Scholes formula and recognized over the withholding period prior to purchase. The total expense associated with the ESPP for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. As of March 31, 2023, there was approximately of unrecognized cost related to the current purchase period of our ESPP. 

12.) ) Foreign ) ) 
 62 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 State Foreign Deferred: Federal ) ) State Foreign )) ) State and local income tax expense, net of federal income tax effect ) Foreign earnings taxed at different rates U.S. tax on Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income ) Domestic permanent differences including acquisition items Foreign tax credits ) ) ) Research credits ) ) ) Tax reserves ) ) Valuation allowance Enacted tax law changes Stock-based compensation ) CARES Act Impact Reduction of NOL for carryback Other differences, net ) Effective income tax expense 
 
 63 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Equity investment/Capital losses Stock-based compensation Deferred revenue Tax credits Accrued expenses Allowance for doubtful accounts and other reserves R D Capitalization under IRC 174 Depreciation and amortization Other Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation and amortization ) Withholding taxes ) Deferred commissions and other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 
 Net deferred tax assets arise due to the recognition of income and expense items for tax purposes, which differ from those used for financial statement purposes. ASC 740, Income Taxes , provides for the recognition of deferred tax assets if realization of such assets is more likely than not. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we considered all available objective and verifiable evidence both positive and negative, including historical levels of pre-tax income (loss) both on a consolidated basis and tax reporting entity basis, legislative developments, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future pre-tax income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. As a result of this analysis, we determined that it is more likely than not that we will not realize the benefits of our gross deferred tax assets and therefore have recorded a valuation allowance to reduce the carrying value of these gross deferred tax assets, net of the impact of the reversal of taxable temporary differences. At March 31, 2023 and 2022, we recorded valuation allowances of and , respectively, representing an increase in the valuation allowance of in 2023, due to the uncertainty regarding the realization of such deferred tax assets. 
 
 At March 31, 2023, we had federal net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards of , all of which will not expire. As of March 31, 2023, we had deferred tax assets related to state NOL carryforwards of which expire over various years beginning in 2031 depending on the jurisdiction. As of March 31, 2023, we had foreign NOL carryforwards of that will expire over various years beginning in 2028 depending on the jurisdiction and that will not expire. As of March 31, 2023, we had capital loss carryforwards of that will expire in 2027. 
 
 We also had federal and state research tax credits ("R D credit") carryforwards of approximately and , respectively. The federal R D credit carryforwards expire from 2039 through 2043, and the state R D credit carryforwards expire from 2024 through 2038. We also had federal foreign tax credits FTC carryforwards of approximately . The federal FTC carryforwards expire from 2030 through 2033. 
 
 64 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in each of our tax jurisdictions. The number of years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. A number of years may lapse before a particular matter is audited and finally resolved. 
 
 Additions for tax positions related to fiscal 2021 Additions for tax positions related to prior years Settlements and effective settlements with tax authorities and remeasurements Reductions related to the expiration of statutes of limitations ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at March 31, 2021 Additions for tax positions related to fiscal 2022 Additions for tax positions related to prior years Settlements and effective settlements with tax authorities and remeasurements Reductions related to the expiration of statutes of limitations ) Additions for tax positions related to purchase accounting Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at March 31, 2022 Additions for tax positions related to fiscal 2023 Reductions for tax positions related to prior years ) Settlements and effective settlements with tax authorities and remeasurements Reductions related to the expiration of statutes of limitations ) Additions for tax positions related to purchase accounting Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at March 31, 2023 
 We estimate that significant remaining unrecognized tax benefits will be realized during the fiscal year ending March 31, 2024. Interest income, expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. In the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the impact related to interest expense, interest income and penalties was not significant. 
 
 13. 
 , , and , respectively. 
 65 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 14. 
 segment. Our products and services are sold throughout the world, through direct and indirect sales channels. Our chief operating decision maker (the CODM is the Chief Executive Officer. The CODM makes operating performance assessment and resource allocation decisions on a global basis. The CODM does not receive discrete financial information about asset allocation, expense allocation or profitability by product or geography. 
 Revenues by geography are based upon the billing address of the customer. All transfers between geographic regions have been eliminated from consolidated revenues. 
 Other 
 No individual country other than the United States accounts for 10 or more of revenues in the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. Revenue included in the Other caption above primarily relates to our operations in Europe, Australia, Canada and Asia. 
 
 Other 

15. 
 Lease impairments related costs (1) 
 Stock-based compensation Total restructuring charges 
 
 66 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 lease impairment charges for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. Lease impairment charges relate to offices for the year ended March 31, 2021. 
 Restructuring accrual 
 Employee severance and related costs Payments ) ) Ending balance 

16. 
 
 67 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Net lease cost 
 
 Cash flow information 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash paid for operating lease liabilities Additions of operating lease assets (non-cash) 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, the minimum lease commitment amount for operating leases signed but not yet commenced was immaterial. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: Imputed interest Present value of operating lease liabilities Less: Current portion of operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities 
 
 Lease term and Discount rate 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

68 

Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 17. 
 senior secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("J.P. Morgan"). The Credit Facility is available for share repurchases, general corporate purposes, and letters of credit. The Credit Facility contains financial maintenance covenants including a leverage ratio and interest coverage ratio. The Credit Facility also contains certain customary events of default which would permit the lender to, among other things, declare all loans then outstanding to be immediately due and payable if such default is not cured within applicable grace periods. The Credit Facility also limits our ability to incur certain additional indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, make acquisitions, make investments, loans or advances, sell or transfer assets, pay dividends or distributions, and engage in certain transactions with foreign affiliates. Outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility accrue interest at an annual rate equal to Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus subject to increases based on our actual leverage. The unused balance on the Credit Facility is also subject to a annual interest charge subject to increases based on our actual leverage. As of March 31, 2023, there were borrowings under the Credit Facility and we were in compliance with all covenants. 
 We have deferred the expense related to debt issuance costs, which are classified as other assets, and will amortize the costs into interest expense over the term of the Credit Facility. Unamortized amounts at March 31, 2023 and 2022 were and , respectively. The amortization of debt issuance costs incurred for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 were and . 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of March 31, 2023. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of any internal control may vary over time. 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework. 
 Based on our assessment, using those criteria, our management concluded that, as of March 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included below in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 69 

(c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 70 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Commvault Systems, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Commvault Systems, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated May 5, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Iselin, New Jersey 
 May 5, 2023 

71 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 We will furnish to the SEC a definitive Proxy Statement not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. Information with respect to this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the sections of our 2023 Proxy Statement captioned, Our Board of Directors and Corporate Governance . 
 Our Board of Directors has adopted a code of business ethics and conduct, which applies to all of our employees. The code of business ethics and conduct is in addition to our code of ethics for senior financial officers. The full texts of our code of business ethics and conduct and our code of ethics for senior financial officers can be found on our website, www.commvault.com. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information with respect to this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the sections of our 2023 Proxy Statement captioned Executive Compensation (excluding the information under the subheading "Pay Versus Performance") and "Compensation Committee Report". 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information with respect to this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the section of our 2023 Proxy Statement captioned "Executive Compensation" (excluding the information under the subheading "Pay Versus Performance"). 

72 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information with respect to this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the sections of our 2023 Proxy Statement captioned Transactions with Related Persons , "Corporate Governance - Independence and Composition of our Board of Directors " and "Corporate Governance - The Board of Directors and Its Committees-General ". 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Information with respect to this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the section of our 2023 Proxy Statement captioned Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Auditors - Audit, Audit-related, Tax and All Other Fees . 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial Statements 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 for a list of financial statements filed as part of this report. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules are omitted because they are not required or because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 73 

Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are incorporated by reference or filed herewith. 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Commvault Systems, Inc., as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019). 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Commvault Systems, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K dated August 28, 2020). 3.3 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Commvault Systems, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 6, 2022.) 3.4 
 Certification of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Commvault Systems, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated November 14, 2008). 4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Commission File No. 333-132550). 4.2 
 Description of Securities. 9.1 
 Form of Voting Trust Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 9.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Commission File No. 333-132550). 10.1 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Commission File No. 333-132550). 10.2 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2007). 10.3 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement between Commvault Systems, Inc. and each of its current officers and directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2022). 10.4 
 Commvault Systems, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan dated December 9, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2014). 10.5 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 8, 2019, between the Company and Sanjay Mirchandani. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated February 5, 2019). 10.6 
 Commvault Systems, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended by the Sixth Amendment thereof) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022). 10.7 
 Credit Agreement, dated December 13, 2021, by and among Commvault Systems, Inc., the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2021). 10.8 
 Offer Letter with Gary Merrill, dated April 28, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K dated April 28, 2022). 10.9 
 Agreement and General Release with Brian Carolan, dated April 28, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K dated April 28, 2022). 10.10 
 Executive Retention Agreement with Gary Merrill dated July 27, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022). 10.11 
 Executive Retention Agreement with Riccardo Di Blasio dated July 22, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022). 10.12 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between Commvault and Ashling Development, LLC with an effective date of January 31, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K dated January 31, 2023). 10.13 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between Commvault and Ashling Development, LLC with an effective date of January 31, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K dated January 31, 2023). 10.14 
 Termination of Agreement of Sale by and between Commvault and Ashling Development, LLC with an effective date of March 22, 2023. 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of Commvault Systems, Inc. 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 74 

101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Furnished herewith. Certain exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted exhibit will be furnished as a supplement to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 75 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 76 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the city of Tinton Falls, State of New Jersey, on May 5, 2023. 
 
 COMMVAULT SYSTEMS, INC. By: /s/ SANJAY MIRCHANDANI Sanjay Mirchandani Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on May 5, 2023. 
 
 Signature Title /s/ SANJAY MIRCHANDANI Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Sanjay Mirchandani /s/ GARY MERRILL Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Gary Merrill /s/ JAMES WHALEN Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) James Whalen /s/ NICHOLAS ADAMO Chairman of the Board Nicholas Adamo /s/ MARTHA H. BEJAR Director Martha H. Bejar /s/ R. TODD BRADLEY Director R. Todd Bradley /s/ KEITH GEESLIN Director Keith Geeslin /s/ VIVIE LEE Director Vivie Lee /s/ CHARLES E. MORAN Director Charles E. Moran /s/ ALLISON PICKENS Director Allison Pickens /s/ A. SHANE SANDERS Director A. Shane Sanders /s/ ARLEN SHENKMAN Director Arlen Shenkman /s/ DAVID F. WALKER Director David F. Walker 
 77 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 descriptionofsecurities2023.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 Commvault Systems, Inc. us, our, we, or the Company has two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act our Common Stock and our Preferred Stock Purchase Rights. 
 This summary does not purport to be a complete statement of the relevant provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Charter or our Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws ). This summary is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Charter and Bylaws, which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 Shares Authorized . The Company is authorized to issue up to 250,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Common Stock ). 
 
 Voting Rights . Each share of Common Stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Holders of shares of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights. 
 Dividends . Subject to the rights of holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors in its discretion out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. 
 Other Rights. Subject to any preferential rights of holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets legally available for distribution to stockholders in the event of dissolution. Our Common Stock has no sinking fund or redemption provisions or preemptive, conversion or exchange rights. Holders of shares of Common Stock are not currently entitled to pre-emptive rights. 
 
 Fully Paid . The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Listing . The Common Stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the trading symbol CVLT. 

Description of Preferred Stock Purchase Rights and Preferred Stock 
 
 This description of Preferred Stock Purchase Rights and Series A Preferred Stock is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Rights Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2020, between Commvault Systems, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (the Rights Agreement as filed on Form 8-K dated April 6, 2020, Amendment No. 1 (the Amendment to the Rights Agreement dated as of November 16, 2020, as filed on Form 8-K dated November 16, 2020, and the Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as filed on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2008. 
 
 Shares Authorized . The Company is authorized to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, in one or more series and with rights and preferences that may be fixed or designated by our Board of Directors without any further action by our stockholders. 150,000 shares of preferred stock are designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ). 
 
 On April 13, 2020, the Board of Directors issued a dividend of one preferred share purchase right Right for each share of Common Stock to purchase one-thousandth of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a price of 200 per one-thousandth of a share of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 As of the date hereof, no shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been issued or are outstanding, and there are no outstanding or issued purchase rights in respect thereof. However, the Company could issue such shares or purchase rights in the future. 

Voting Rights . Until a Right is exercised or exchanged, the holder of such Rights will have no rights as a stockholder, including the right to vote. In the event that shares of Series A Preferred Stock are issued, each one-thousandth share of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as may otherwise be provided, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Common Stock would vote together as one class on all matters submitted for a vote of stockholders. These voting rights are subject to adjustment under certain circumstances. 
 Dividends . Until a Right is exercised or exchanged, the holder of such Rights will have no rights as a stockholder, including the right to receive dividends. In the event that shares of Series A Preferred Stock are issued in the future, subject to any prior and superior rights of holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock would be entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors in its discretion out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends on terms as may be agreed. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Board of Directors 
 
 Our Charter and Bylaws provide 
 
 that directors may be removed only for cause, if such removal is prior to the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, and with or without cause if such removal is after the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the shares of our capital stock entitled to vote and 
 
 that any vacancy on the board of directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of the board, may only be filled by affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office. 
 
 These provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or discourage a third party from acquiring us. 

Stockholder Actions and Special Meetings 
 
 Our Charter and Bylaws also provide that 
 
 any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders at an annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders may only be taken if it is properly brought before such meeting and may not be taken by written action in lieu of a meeting and 
 
 special meetings of the stockholders may only be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, our Chief Executive Officer, or by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that in order for any matter to be considered properly brought before a meeting, a stockholder must comply with requirements regarding advance notice. These provisions could delay stockholder actions which are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities until the next stockholders meeting. These provisions may also discourage another person or entity from making a tender offer for our common stock because such person or entity, even if it acquired a majority of our outstanding voting securities, would be able to take action as a stockholder (such as electing new directors or approving a merger) only at a duly called stockholders meeting and not by written consent. 

Board Consideration of Change of Control Transactions 
 
 Our Charter empowers our Board of Directors, when considering a tender offer or merger or acquisition proposal, to take into account, in addition to potential economic benefits to stockholders, factors such as 

a comparison of the proposed consideration to be received by stockholders in relation to the then current market price of our capital stock and 
 
 the impact of the transaction on our employees, suppliers and customers and its effect on the communities in which we operate. 
 
 Amendment 
 
 Delaware law provides that the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote on any matter is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, as the case may be, requires a greater percentage. Our Charter requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the shares of our capital stock entitled to vote to amend or repeal any of the foregoing provisions of our Charter. Our Bylaws may be amended or repealed by a majority vote of the board of directors or the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the shares of our capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote. The stockholder vote would be in addition to any separate class vote that might in the future be required pursuant to the terms of any series preferred stock that might be outstanding at the time any such amendments are submitted to stockholders. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for the Board of Directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change the control of our company. 
 
 These and other provisions may deter hostile takeovers or delay changes in control or management of our company. 
 
 Delaware Business Combination Statute 
 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that, subject to exceptions set forth therein, an interested stockholder of a Delaware corporation shall not engage in any business combination, including mergers or consolidations or acquisitions of additional shares of the corporation, with the corporation for a three-year period following the date that the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder unless 
 
 prior to that date, the Board of Directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 
 upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares or 
 
 on or subsequent to such date, the business combination is approved by the Board of Directors of the corporation and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 Except as otherwise set forth in Section 203, an interested stockholder is defined to include 
 
 any person that is the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation, or is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any time within three years immediately prior to the date of determination and 
 
 the affiliates and associates of any such person. 
 
 Section 203 may make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. We have not elected to be exempt from the restrictions imposed under Section 203. The provisions of Section 203 may encourage persons interested in acquiring us to negotiate in advance with our Board of Directors because the stockholder approval requirement 

would be avoided if a majority of the directors then in office approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in any such person becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which our stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 terminationofsale-firehouse.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 

TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT OF SALE 

This TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT OF SALE (this Termination Agreement is made as of the 22 day of March, 2023, by and between COMMVAULT TINTON FALLS URBAN RENEWAL, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability Seller ), and ASHLING PROPERTIES, L.L.C., a New Jersey limited liability company Purchaser ). 
 
 WITNESSETH 
 
 WHEREAS, Seller and Purchaser entered into that certain Agreement of Sale dated as of January 31, 2023 (the Agreement concerning that certain parcel of real property and the improvements thereon designated as Block 101.03, Lot 2 on the official tax maps of the Borough of Tinton Falls, Monmouth County, New Jersey commonly known as 200 Corregidor Road, Tinton Falls, New Jersey (the Firehouse Parcel and that certain parcel of unimproved real property designated as Block 101.05, Lot l on the official tax maps of the Borough of Tinton Falls, Monmouth County, New Jersey (the Vacant Parcel (collectively, the Real Property , and together with the Intangible Property, the Property and 
 
 WHEREAS, Seller and Purchaser desire to terminate the Agreement in the manner and upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth and 
 
 WHEREAS, All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement and 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements hereinafter contained, it is mutually covenanted and agreed as follows 
 
 Agreement Terminated. Seller and Purchaser hereby agree that the Agreement is terminated effective as of the date of this Termination Agreement (the Termination Date ). From and after the Termination Date, the Agreement will be of no further force and effect. 
 
 2. Release. Seller and Purchaser, on behalf of themselves and their respective successors and assigns, each hereby unconditionally and fully releases and forever discharges the other and their respective partners, members, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, successors and assigns, agents, employees, and representatives, as well as the Property, from each and every obligation, covenant, liability, right, claim, debt and cause of action whatsoever, accruing under, by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, arising under, resulting from or relating in any way to the Agreement and or the Property. 
 
 3. Authority. Each party represents and warrants that it has full power and authority to enter into this Termination Agreement, without any requirement for the consent of any third party. 
 
 4. Entire Agreement. This Termination Agreement contains the entire agreement between Purchaser and Seller with respect to the subject matter hereof, and all understandings and agreements 
 14 3661121.1 

heretofore or simultaneously had between the parties are merged into and contained in this Termination Agreement. This Termination Agreement may not be changed or terminated orally but only by an agreement in writing signed by the party against which enforcement of any waiver, change, modification or discharge is sought. 
 
 5. Successors and Assigns. The covenants, agreements, terms and conditions contained in this Termination Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and, as permitted, their assigns. 
 
 6. Governing Law . This Termination Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey. 
 
 7. Severability . If any provisions of this Termination Agreement or the application thereof to any person or circumstance are for any reason and to any extent, invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Termination Agreement and the application of that provision to other persons or circumstances will not be affected but rather will be enforced if and to the extent permitted by law. 
 
 8. Interpretation . This Termination Agreement will be construed without regard to any presumption or other rule requiring construction against the party causing this Termination Agreement to be drafted. 
 
 9. Counterparts. This Termination Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including scanned PDF documents. Each such counterpart will, when executed, be deemed to be an original and all of which will be deemed to be one and the same instrument. 
 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank. Signatures on Following Page. 
 14 3661121.1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Termination Agreement as of the date set forth above. 
 
 SELLER 
 COMMVAULT TINTON FALLS URBAN 
 RENEWAL, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company 
 
 By s Gary Merrill 
 Name Gary Merrill 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

PURCHASER 
 ASHLING PROPERTIES, L.L.C., 
 a New Jer se y limited liability company 
 
 By s Michael G. Tennyson 
 Name Michael G. Tennyson 
 Title Managing Member 
 14 3661121.1 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 listofsubsidiaries2023.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Advanced Data Life Cycle Management Inc. Delaware Commvault Tinton Falls Urban Renewal LLC Delaware Hedvig, Inc. Delaware Commvault Systems (Puerto Rico) LLC Puerto Rico Commvault Systems (Canada) Inc. Ontario, Canada Commvault Systems Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Commvault Systems Mexico Administracion, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Commvault Systems International B.V. The Netherlands Commvault Systems (India) Private Limited India Commvault Systems (Australia) Pty. Ltd. Australia Commvault Systems (New Zealand) Limited New Zealand Commvault Systems (Singapore) Private Limited Singapore Commvault Systems Limited England Commvault Systems GmbH Germany Commvault Systems (Japan) KK Japan Commvault Systems Ireland Limited Ireland Commvault Systems Italia Srl Italy Commvault Systems AB Srl Sweden Commvault Systems (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Commvault Software Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd China Commvault Systems (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd South Africa Commvault Systems (Israel) Ltd. Israel Commvault Systems Belgium BVBA 
 Belgium Commvault Systems (Thailand) Ltd. 
 Thailand CommVault Istanbul Yaz l m Hizmetleri Limited Sirketi (Commvault Software Services Ltd.) Turkey Commvault Systems (Austria) GmbH 
 Austria Commvault Systems (Switzerland) GmbH Switzerland Commvault Systems (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Commvault Systems (Poland) sp. zo.o. Poland Commvault System, S.L.U. Spain 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 a2023033110kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-138578) pertaining to the 1996 Stock Option Plan and the 2006 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan of Commvault Systems, Inc., 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-192014) pertaining to the Commvault Systems, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Commvault Systems, Inc., 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-213211) pertaining to the Commvault Systems, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan of Commvault Systems, Inc., 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-221163) pertaining to the Commvault Systems, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended through the First Amendment, of Commvault Systems, Inc., 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-228076) pertaining to the Commvault Systems, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended through the Second Amendment, of Commvault Systems, Inc., 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-234384) pertaining to the Commvault Systems, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended through the Third Amendment, of Commvault Systems, Inc., 
 (7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-249710) pertaining to the Commvault Systems, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended through the Fourth Amendment, of Commvault Systems, Inc., 
 (8) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-260526) pertaining to the Commvault Systems, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended through the Fifth Amendment, of Commvault Systems, Inc., and 
 (9) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-268097) pertaining to the Commvault Systems, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended through the Sixth Amendment, of Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated May 5, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Commvault Systems, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Commvault Systems, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Commvault Systems, Inc. for the year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Iselin, New Jersey 
 May 5, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 a2023033110kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Required by Rule 13a-14(a) (17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)) 
 I, Sanjay Mirchandani, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s SANJAY MIRCHANDANI Sanjay Mirchandani Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date May 5, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 a2023033110kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Required by Rule 13a-14(a) (17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)) 
 I, Gary Merrill, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Commvault Systems, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s GARY MERRILL Gary Merrill Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date May 5, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 a2023033110kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant To 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Commvault Systems, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Sanjay Mirchandani, Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s SANJAY MIRCHANDANI Sanjay Mirchandani Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 May 5, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 a2023033110kex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant To 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Commvault Systems, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Gary Merrill, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s GARY MERRILL Gary Merrill Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 May 5, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 cvlt-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 cvlt-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 cvlt-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 cvlt-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 cvlt-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

