<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230421_10-K_edgar_data_1108630_0001062993-23-009447.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7701821</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>189749</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1332980</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1821547</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2271587</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1759281</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-23-009447.hdr.sgml : 20230421
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230421170621
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-23-009447
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230421

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Live Current Media Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001108630
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				880346310
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-29929
		FILM NUMBER:		23837163

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 WEST LIBERTY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 880
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		604-648-0500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 WEST LIBERTY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 880
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89501

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Live Current Media, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMMUNICATE COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020822

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TROYDEN CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000307

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-23-009447.txt : 20230421

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Live Current Media Inc.: Form 10-K - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

NEVADA 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

) 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each Exchange on which registered 

NONE. 

N/A 

N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Common Stock, 0.001 Par Value Per Share. 
 (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [__] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 [__] Yes [X] 

1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [ X ] 
 [___] No
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (s. 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 [ X ] 
 [___] No
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer [__] 

Accelerated filer [__] 

[__] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting company [ ] 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 [__] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public company accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). [__] Yes [ ] No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter: 
 based on the closing price of 0.17 on June 30, 2022 as quoted by the OTCQB Marketplace on that date. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of April 21, 2023 the Registrant had shares of common stock outstanding . 
 
 2 

LIVE CURRENT MEDIA, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 
 4 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 4 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 

ITEM1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 12 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 20 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 20 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 20 

PART II 
 21 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 21 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 24 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 
 24 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 27 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 28 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 29 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 29 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 30 

PART III 
 31 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 31 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 34 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 36 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 38 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 39 

PART IV 
 40 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 40 

SIGNATURES 
 41 

3 

PART I 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements contained in this registration statement constitute "forward-looking statements." These statements, identified by words such as "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "should," "expect" and similar expressions include the Company's expectations and objectives regarding its future financial position, operating results and business strategy. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause its actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, general economic conditions particularly related to demand for the Company's products and services, changes in business strategy, competitive factors (including the introduction or enhancement of competitive services), pricing pressures, changes in operating expenses, fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, inability to attract or retain consulting, sales and/or development talent, changes in customer requirements, and/or evolving industry standards, as well as those factors discussed in "Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Forward looking statements are based on a number of material factors and assumptions, including the availability and final receipt of required government licenses, that sufficient working capital is available to complete the proposed activities, that contracted parties provide goods and/or services on the agreed time frames. While the Company considers these assumptions may be reasonable based on information currently available to it, they may prove to be incorrect. Actual results may vary from such forward-looking information for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to risks and uncertainties disclosed in "Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 The Company intends to discuss in its Quarterly Reports and Annual Reports any events or circumstances that occurred during the period to which such documents relate that are reasonably likely to cause actual events or circumstances to differ materially from those disclosed in this registration statement. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all of such factors and to assess in advance the impact of each such factor on its business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of such factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forwarding looking statement. 
 As used in this registration statement, unless the context otherwise requires, "we," "us," "our," the "Company" and "Live Current" refers to Live Current Media, Inc. All dollar amounts in this registration statement are in U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated. 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 Live Current Media Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on October 10, 1995. Live Current is a media technology company involved in the creator economy. The Company is bringing together a select group of companies and technologies to create a platform that powers the independent creator. The Company combines creation tools, community building applications, and monetization programs to help independent creators more efficiently create, grow, and monetize their creativity. 
 The Company acquires and integrates technologies that automate key processes in content and community creation, bringing together innovative businesses and technologies to provide an end-to-end resource for the hundreds of millions of creators who do not have a meaningful piece of the creator economy. Today, the Live Current Media Platform features a growing set of creative tools and community building technologies that power video community creation, AR/VR discovery, social media amplification, personal and business brand management and sponsorship and alternative revenue creation for the global creative community. Live Current Business Solutions provide community and experiential solutions for businesses who want to become more creative in the way they reach their customers and constituents. The Live Current ecosystem helps creators manage the four key pillars of independent creativity: Creation, Amplification, Participation and Monetization. 
 
 4 

Material Developments - Acquisitions 
 Acquisition of Evasyst, Inc. (Kast) 
 On April 22, 2022, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Evasyst, Inc. (doing business as "Kast")("Evasyst") by means of a reverse merger (the "Evasyst Merger"). In connection with the Evasyst Merger, the Company's wholly owned subsidiary formed for the purpose of completing the Evasyst Merger merged with and into Evasyst, with Evasyst continuing as the surviving entity as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In consideration for all of the outstanding shares in the common stock of Evasyst, the Company issued to the former stockholders of Evasyst 125,000,000 shares in the Common Stock of the Company. 
 Prior to its acquisition of Evasyst, the Company was primarily involved in the development of two game apps, SPRT MTRX and Trivia Matrix. The development of SPRT MTRX and Trivia Matrix has been suspended as the Company is currently focusing its resources on the Creator Economy. 
 The acquisition of Evasyst was accounted for as a reverse acquisition, with Evasyst being treated as the acquiring entity for accounting and financial reporting purposes. 
 Acquisition of Guru Experience Co. 
 Effective November 23, 2022, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Guru Experience, Co. Guru ). The Company acquired Guru to expand its bus iness into cloud-based applications. 
 Concurrent with the acquisition, the Company entered into a note cancellation agreement with the holders of certain convertible promissory notes of Guru (the Guru Notes ). The company agreed to issue 3,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock as satisfaction in full of the amounts owing to the Guru note holders. The Guru note holders agreed not to sell or otherwise transfer the shares of the Company s common stock issued to them for a period of six months following the completion of the acquisition. Other than the shares of common stock issued to Guru note holders for concellation of the Guru Notes, no additional consideratioin was paid for the shares of Guru. 
 Acquisition of PowerSpike Assets 
 On November 9, 2022, the Company issued a total of 1,106,639 shares of its common stock to PowerSpike, Inc. ("PowerSpike") for the acquisition of certain assets of PowerSpike, including all code to PowerSpike's influencer management software and all social media sites supporting the product. 
 
 5 

Acquisition of Neverthink Assets 
 On June 7, 2022 the Company acquired the code and social media assets for the video meme platform Neverthink.TV for 11,000 Euros (approximately 11,800) in an all cash transaction. 
 Proposed Acquisition of Social Media Network 
 On March 12, 2023, the Company entered into a non-binding letter of intent to acquire a social media network. The Company is in the process of completing due diligence in respect of the proposed acquisition. If the proposed acquisition is consummated, the Company estimates that the proposed target will add close to 11M in additional annual revenue based on unaudited management prepared financial statements for the proposed target. The proposed acquisition price will involve a combination of cash and equity, with the final purchase price still to be determined. Subject to the satisfactory completion of the Company's due diligence investigations and the successful negotiation of a binding definitive agreement, the Company expects the transaction to complete some time in May 2023. There is no assurance that the proposed acquisition will complete as contemplated or within the time frame expected. 
 Amendment to Company Articles 
 Effective January 18, 2023, the Company amended its articles of incorporation by: 
 (a) increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.001 (the "Common Stock") from 500,000,000 shares of Common Stock to 850,000,000 shares of Common Stock; and 
 (b) creating a class of preferred stock, par value 0.001 (the "Preferred Stock") and authorizing the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock. 
 The rights and restrictions attached to the Company's Common Stock remain unchanged. 
 The Preferred Stock provides the Company's board of directors (the "Board") with the discretion to establish one or more series of Preferred Stock, the number of shares constituting that series, and the rights, privileges and restrictions attached to each series so established. The rights, privileges and restrictions attached to any series of Preferred Stock established by our Board may be greater than those available to holders of the Company's Common Stock. 
 Products and Services 
 Kast 
 Kast is a social video application Kast that allows users to host public or private watch parties with friends on their PC, Mac, web and mobile. Kast's technology is unique to the creation of intimate private watch parties, aka spectate, that scales with millions of users. Kast is at the intersection of fast-growing markets in live events, social media and video streaming with its multi-channel watch party solution. During COVID19, Kast received fast user adoption and has had steady monthly recurring revenue since adding a premium subscription service in February 2020 . 
 Kast is a virtual living room for all users to host public or private events, watch content together, or interact socially on a scalable platform on their computer or mobile. Users can elect to subscribe for premium features and better bandwidth or enjoy the free features provided. Kast's revenue model is considered to be "Freemium". 
 
 6 

Kast is built on a number of cloud-based technologies that in concert perform the duties of relational data management, app communication, webRTC server provisioning and load balancing of those server resources in relation to active video parties. 
 Kast has client apps for desktop, web, iOS, Android platforms that communicate with the backend service-oriented architecture REST APIs to add, update and retrieve relational and status data. When a user enters a party, they are handed off to a webRTC server with a custom webSocket and its own REST API layer that handles most of the party status signaling and management. 
 Kast provides support for: 
 Social media platforms : 
 
 Full text chat implementation (direct messages, group chat, emoticons, animated reactions) 
 Connecting to friends 
 Party / Virtual Room memberships 
 Realtime presence 
 Notifications 
 120 people in each party (20 can stream + 100 can watch/chat) 
 
 Video chat: 
 
 Fully featured video chat based on WebRTC 
 Real time bandwidth adaptation based on network condition 
 20 people supported in each party 
 
 Real-time content sharing: 
 
 Synchronized video streaming 
 VOD library that can be populated with any video content 
 Integration with YouTube 
 Ability to screenshare 
 Real time transcoding of any source 
 Proven scale to concurrent 100,000 users 
 
 Safety: 
 
 Party moderation rights 
 Banning, kicking and blocking 
 Community reports linked to Slack 
 A moderation platform for internal use 
 
 System monitoring: 
 
 Grafana system monitoring and alerts 
 Mixpanel metrics and behavioral data 

7 

Kast has a software as a service (SaaS) offering at a monthly charge or annual charge for premium subscribers. Currently Kast offers three tiers of membership: 

Free 
 Base 
 Premium 

Join parties 
 X 
 X 
 X 

Invite Friends 
 X 
 X 
 X 

Text chat 
 X 
 X 
 X 

Voice chat 
 X 
 X 
 X 

Video chat 
 X 
 X 
 X 

Share free Kast TV 
 X 
 X 
 X 

Share all Kast TV 
 
 X 
 X 

Share screen (standard) 
 
 X 
 X 

Premium reactions 
 
 X 
 X 

Share screen (HD) 

X 

No ads 

X 

Premium bitrate 

X 

Picture-in-picture 

X 

Looking forward the Company believes that there are opportunities for Kast in business-to-business (B2B) and business-to-consumer fields: 
 
 B2B: Professional virtual theater offerings with a focus on film festivals; private theaters; independent film makers. 
 B2C: Watch parties as a service, "Powered by Kast" with a focus on TV manufacturers and over-the-top (OTT) media providers. 

Kast sits at the intersection of three multi-billion dollar and growing markets: Live Events, Social, and Video Streaming. 
 Live Events: 887B projected to reach 2,194B by 2028 with a 13.5 CAGR 1 
 Video Streaming: 419B projected to reach 932B by 2028 with a 12.1 CAGR 2 
 Social: 192.9B projected to reach 940B by 2026 with a 25.38 CAGR 3 
 Kast intends to enter new markets during 2022/2023, including gaming. 

Guru Experience 
 Guru Experience Co. operates in the Virtual Reality Market. Guru offers museums and cultural sites a full-suite digital experience platform. Guru creates a bridge between cultural institutions and a 21 st -century audience. Museums have connected people to art and culture for centuries. Guru works with museum, zoo, and aquarium partners to not only enhance the visitor experience but also provide digital strategies to meet the educational and financial goals of institutions. 
 _________________________________ 
 
 1 https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/events-industry-market-size-worth--2-194-40-billion-globally-by-2028-at-13-48-cagr-verified-market-research-301455483.html 

2 https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/video-streaming-market-103057 

3 https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2021/08/27/2287644/28124/en/Global-Social-Networking-Platforms-Market-2021-to-2026-Featuring-Facebook-Pinterest-and-Twitter-Among-Others.html 

8 

Guru offers a user-friendly platform that makes creating, sharing, updating, and maintaining digital experiences fast and easy. These include audio tours, augmented reality, wayfinding, geolocated content, interactive maps, games, scavenger hunts, ticketing, and queuing. 
 Moving forward, the Company intends to integrate Guru into its creator ecosystem to provide business the necessary support to bring them into the digital world. 
 PowerSpike 
 The PowerSpike product is a comprehensive and extendable influencer management software platform that includes scalable data tracking and analysis tools, client facing reporting and monitoring applications with real-time chat processing and inference tools. More significantly, the tech stack has the ability to screen and source millions of social media handles, filtering for subject matters, number of followers, and other key characteristics. More than 70,000 creators have already signed up to use PowerSpike and the assets include a list of another 10,000,000 influencers in numerous niches. 
 Capitalizing on a growing demand for acquiring and analyzing data, the Company plans to expand and to monetize the new platform features by integrating and rolling out this unique platform across all other products within the Company's product portfolio and ecosystem. 
 Neverthink 
 Neverthink was a social platform for creating and sharing meme videos considered to be part of the creator economy. According to Crunchbase, 6.6M Euros were invested into the Neverthink platform through 2019 and the platform attracted fifteen million users, 85,000 creators, and 700 million total video views. However, in 2021, management and shareholders of Neverthink made the decision to shut the platform down. 
 The Company has revitalized key aspects of the Neverthink platform to offer to current users of the Kast social, video streaming platform in order to add user value to its current product range. 
 Gaming Products : 
 SPRT MTRX and Trivia MTRX are mobile games products that were part of Live Current Media in 2021 and 2022. The Company refreshed SPRT MTRX during 2 nd half 2022 and after evaluation, the Company does not intend to continue developing SPRT MTRX or Trivia MTRX in its current form, and continues to focus on the strategy of supporting the Creator Economy through its other platforms. 
 Creator Economy 
 Market. The creator economy, valued at 104 Billion has traditionally been dominated by sponsorships for professional influencers 4 . However, according to Influencer Marketing Factory, the market is shifting towards new monetization methods such as merchandise, virtual tickets, digital gifting, and subscriptions 5 . There are over 250 million "Independent Creators" with less than 100,000 followers, comprising around 83 of creators worldwide, looking for a platform to grow and monetize their content 6 . The Company is committed to providing that home and community where they can thrive. 
 
 _________________________________ 4 https://blog.adobe.com/en/publish/2023/03/17/is-social-media-content-creation-just-a-side-hustle#: :text=As 20of 202021 2C 20the 20creator,hobby 20or 20'side 2Dhustle 

5 https://influencermarketinghub.com/income-disparity-creator-economy/ 

6 https://news.adobe.com/news/news-details/2022/Adobe-Future-of-Creativity-Study-165M-Creators-Joined-Creator-Economy-Since-2020/ 

9 

Business Model. The Company monetizes creators and their communities through a combination of subscriptions, licensing agreements, and is in the process of integrating addition revenue streams including advertising, transaction fees, digital gifting, and revenue sharing on digital purchases. 
 Development. The Company will continue to integrate acquisitions, while developing its ecosystem, and creating additional streams of revenue. The Company is actively pursuing an intelligent acquisition strategy that enhances its platform, honing in on what it calls "Small Tech" leaders, i.e. companies that have extensive and passionate fan bases and highly evolved products but lack the proper funding or entered the market too early. 
 
 Competition 

Live Current Media is a content-agnostic open platform focused on a community supported model, not reliant on advertising in this volatile macro-environment. This enables Live Current to compete against others in the market by generating multiple streams of revenue outside of advertising. 

The Company is media technology company involved in the Creator Economy. The Company competes with video streaming services, social media providers and virtual reality platforms. These business areas are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent product innovation and the continuously evolving preferences and expectations of users, advertisers, content partners, platform partners and developers. 
 The market for social media platforms, video streaming services, virtual reality platforms and game development is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent product innovation, changing user preferences and expectations. The Company faces significant competition in every aspect of its business. Many of the Company's competitors are more established, have greater market share, greater user adoption and greater financial and other resources. In addition to competition for its products, the Company also competes to attract, engage and retain advertisers, content providers, platform partners and developers, employees, software engineers and designers and product managers. 
 Competitors of the Company include: 
 
 Companies that offer products that enable people to create and share ideas, videos, and other content and information. 
 Companies that offer advertising space and opportunities to advertisers. 
 Companies that develop applications, particularly mobile applications, that create, syndicate and distribute content across different platforms. 
 Traditional, online, and mobile businesses and media companies that enable people to consume content or marketers to reach their audiences and/or develop tools and systems for managing and optimizing advertising campaigns. 

10 

Some of these competing companies and their products include Discord, Amazon (Twitch), ByteDance (TikTok), Salesforce (Slack), Microsoft (Teams, Skype, LinkedIn), Twitter, Meta (Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp), Alphabet (Google Chat, Google Meet, YouTube), and Snap (Snapchat). 
 If the Company is unable to compete effectively for users of its platform or apps, software engineers and developers, advertisers, or other resources, the Company's business and operating results could be harmed. See "Risk Factors". 
 Intellectual Property 
 To protect our intellectual property rights, we rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets and trademarks. We have 8 granted patents, 2 allowed and 1 pending, all related to video streaming and marketplace for video content. 
 In addition, we own a number of registered trademarks relating to our brand and business: 
 Evasyst Play Together. Watch Together. Be Together. 
 as well as 2 trademark applications in process. 
 Government Regulation 
 The Company is subject to a number of U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations that involve matters central to its business, including laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, publication rights, content regulation, data localization, intellectual property, competition, protection of minors, consumer protection, credit card processing, taxation or other matters. Many of the laws and regulations impacting the Company's business, particularly in the area of privacy and data protection, are still evolving and could be developed, interpreted or applied in a manner that is inconsistent from region to region. The Company's current policies and practices may not be consistent with all of these laws and regulations or how those laws and regulations are interpreted, and as a result, the Company's business could be negatively impacted. People may also be restricted from accessing the Company's platforms or apps from or in certain countries. 
 See "Risk Factors". 
 Employees 
 Today, the Company has a total fifteen (15) employees (including subsidiaries). During 2022, the Company had a peak of twenty-six (26) employees (including subsidiaries). 
 Facilities 
 The Company does not currently own any real property. The Company currently leases its principal executive offices located at 10801 Thornmint Rd., Suite 200, San Diego, CA, 92127. The Company believes that its existing facilities are sufficient for its current needs. In the future, the Company may need to expand its offices or facilities. If that occurs, the Company believes that it will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 11 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may hinder our ability to obtain future financing. 
 An investment in the Company's common shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this registration statement before investing in its common shares. If any of the following risks occur, the Company's business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed. The trading price of its common shares could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 You should consider each of the following risk factors and the other information in this registration statement, including the Company's financial statements and the related notes, in evaluating its business and prospects. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that impact on the Company's business. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that the Company currently consider immaterial may also impair its business operations. If any of the following risks do occur, its business and financial results could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of its common stock could decline. 
 Risks Related to the Company's Business 
 There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . The Company has not achieved profitable operations, has incurred recurring operating losses since inception. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 15.1 million and used cash in operating activities of 3.4 million, and at December 31, 2022, the Company had a stockholders' deficit of 3.8 million. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that the financial statements are issued. In addition, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, in their report on the Company's December 31, 2022, audited financial statements, raised substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
 No assurance can be given that any future financing, if needed, will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, if needed, it may contain undue restrictions on its operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for its stockholders, in the case of equity financing. 
 Our Efforts to Attract and Retain Users may not be Successful. We have experienced significant user growth over the past several years. Our ability to continue to attract users will depend in part on our ability to effectively market our service, consistently provide our users with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing factual entertainment. Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, pricing and related features of competitors to our service may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain users. Competitors include other entertainment video providers, such as Multichannel Video Programming Distributors (MVPDs) and Subscription Video on Demand (SvoD) services. If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, including if we introduce new or adjust existing features, adjust pricing or service offerings or change the mix of content in a manner that is not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract and retain users. In addition, we believe that many of our users rejoin our service or originate from word-of-mouth advertising from existing users. If our efforts to satisfy our existing users are not successful, we may not be able to attract users, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely affected. Users may cancel our service for many reasons, including: a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, the need to cut household expenses, selection of content is unsatisfactory, competitive services provide a better value or experience and customer service issues are not satisfactorily resolved. Membership growth is also impacted by seasonality, with the first quarter historically representing our greatest growth, also affecting the timing of our content release schedules. We must continually add new users both to replace cancelled users and to grow our business beyond our current user base. If we do not grow as expected, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our per user revenues commensurate with the lowered growth rate, such that our margins, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely impacted, and our ability to operate may be strained. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing users and attracting new users, our business will be adversely affected. Further, if excessive numbers of users cancel our service, we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing expenditures than we currently anticipate to replace these users with new users. 
 
 12 

Operating Results are Likely to Fluctuate Significantly . We expect our operating results to fluctuate significantly in the future based on a variety of factors, many of which are outside our control and difficult to predict. As a result, period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be a good indicator of our future or long-term performance. The following factors may affect us from period-to-period and may affect our long-term performance: 
 
 our ability to maintain and develop new and existing revenue-generating relationships; 
 our ability to improve or maintain gross margins in our business; 
 the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures relating to expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure; 
 our ability to significantly increase our subscriber base and retain customers; 
 our ability to enforce our contracts and collect receivables from third parties; 
 our ability to develop, acquire and maintain an adequate breadth and depth of content via original productions, co-productions, commissions and/or licenses; 
 changes by our competitors to their product and service offerings; 
 increased competition; 
 our ability to detect and comply with data collection and privacy regulation and customer questions related thereto in every jurisdiction in which we operate; 
 changes in promotional support or other aspects of our relationships with our partners through which we make our service available, including the MVPDs and/or the vMVPDs (virtual multichannel video programming distributors), through which we offer our content; 
 our ability to effectively manage the development of new business segments and markets, and determine appropriate contract and licensing terms; 
 our ability to maintain and develop new and existing marketing relationships; 
 our ability to maintain, upgrade and develop our website, our applications through which we offer our service on our customers' devices and our internal computer systems; 
 fluctuations in the use of the Internet for the purchase of consumer goods and services such as those offered by us; 
 technical difficulties, system downtime or Internet disruptions; 
 our ability to attract new and qualified personnel in a timely and effective manner and retain existing personnel; 
 our ability to attract and retain sponsors and prove that our sponsorship offerings are effective enough to justify a pricing structure that is profitable for us; 
 the success of our program sales to other media companies; 
 our ability to successfully manage the integration of operations and technology resulting from possible future acquisitions; 
 governmental regulation and taxation policies; and 
 general economic conditions and economic conditions specific to the Internet, online commerce and the media industry. 
 
 Managing Growth . We launched our subscription service in March 2020 We anticipate that further expansion of our operations will be required to achieve significant growth in our products, lines of business and user base and to take advantage of favorable market opportunities. Any future expansion will likely place significant demands on our managerial, operational, administrative and financial resources. If we are not able to respond effectively to new or increased demands that arise because of our growth, or, if in responding, our management is materially distracted from our current operations, our business may be adversely affected. In addition, if we do not have sufficient breadth and depth of content necessary to satisfy increased demand arising from growth in our user base, our user satisfaction may be adversely affected. 
 
 13 

We are continuing to expand our operations internationally, scaling our service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both users and features related to our service and ramping up our ability to produce original content. As our offerings evolve, we are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, different technology infrastructure, different markets for factual video content, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. As we scale our service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. As we ramp up our original content production, we are building out expertise in a number of disciplines, including creative, marketing, legal, finance, licensing and other resources related to the development and physical production of content. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our systems and operational practices related to our operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. 
 Costs and Challenges Associated with Strategic Acquisitions and Investments . From time to time, we acquire or invest in businesses, content, and technologies that support our business. The risks associated with such acquisitions or investments include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting liabilities and exposure to litigation; failure to realize anticipated benefits and expected synergies; and diversion of management's time and attention, among other acquisition-related risks. We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. 
 In addition, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquire goodwill, which must be assessed for impairment at least annually. If our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take charges to our operating results based on this impairment assessment process. Acquisitions also could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Furthermore, if we do not integrate an acquired business successfully and in a timely manner, we may not realize the benefits of the acquisition to the extent anticipated. If an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our operating results, business and financial condition may suffer. Acquisitions and investments may contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. These fluctuations could arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions and investments, which could negatively impact our financial results. 
 Certain of Our Growth Strategies are Untested, Unproven or not yet fully Developed. We intend to increase our revenues through expanding our subscriber base by, among other things, continuing to expand into international markets, expanding into the mobile video market. There can be no assurance that these international partnerships will be successful or result in our meeting revenue targets. 
 If We Experience Excessive Rates of User Churn, Our Revenues and Business will be Harmed. In order to increase our revenues, we must minimize the rate of loss of existing users while adding new users to our Kast subscription service. Our experience during our operating history indicates that there are many variables that impact churn, including the type of plan selected, user engagement with the platform and length of a user's subscription to date. As a result, in periods of rapid user growth, we believe that our average churn is likely to increase as the average length of subscription to date decreases. Similarly, in periods of slow user growth, we believe that our average churn is likely to decrease since our average user duration is longer. However, these estimates are subject to change based on a number of factors, including the percentage of users selecting monthly vs. annual plans, increased rates of subscription cancellations and decreased rates of user acquisition. We cannot assure you that these estimates will be indicative of future performance or that the risks related to these estimates will not materialize. Users may cancel their subscription to our service for many reasons, including, among others, a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, or the belief that the service is a poor value or that customer service issues are not satisfactorily resolved. We must continually add new users both to replace users who cancel and to continue to grow our business beyond our current user base. If too many of our users cancel our service, or if we are unable to attract new users in numbers sufficient to grow our business, our operating results will be adversely affected. Further, if excessive numbers of users cancel our service, we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing expenditures than we currently anticipate in order to replace these users with new users. 
 
 14 

Risks Connected with Content We Acquire, Produce, License and/or Distribute, such as Unforeseen Costs and Potential Liability. As a producer and distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright and trademark infringement, or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute. We also may face potential liability for content used in promoting our service, including marketing materials. We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing and distribution of original programming. We believe that original programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand and otherwise attract and retain users. To the extent our original programming does not meet our expectations, in particular, in terms of costs, viewing and popularity, our business, including our brand and results of operations, may be adversely impacted. As we expand our original programming, we have become responsible for production costs and other expenses. We also take on risks associated with production, such as completion risk. To the extent we create and sell physical or digital merchandise relating to our original programming, and/or license such rights to third parties, we could become subject to product liability, intellectual property or other claims related to such products. We may decide to remove content from our service, not to place licensed or produced content on our service or discontinue or alter production of original content if we believe such content might not be well received by our users or could be damaging to our brand. 
 To the extent we do not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, including for content that we obtain but ultimately does not appear on or is removed from our service, or if we become liable for content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute, our business may suffer. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability or unforeseen production risks could harm our results of operations. We may not be indemnified against claims or costs of these types and we may not have insurance coverage for these types of claims. 
 Payment Processing Risks. Our users pay for our service using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, gift cards, direct debit and online wallets. We rely on third parties to process payment. Acceptance and processing of these payment methods are subject to certain rules and regulations and require payment of interchange and other fees. To the extent there are disruptions in our payment processing systems, increases in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, such as large re-issuances of payment cards, delays in receiving payments from payment processors and/or changes to rules or regulations concerning payment processing, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operation could be adversely impacted. In addition, the recent military invasion of Ukraine by Russian forces and the economic sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other nations on Russia, Belarus and certain Russian organizations and individuals may disrupt payments we receive for distribution of our content in Russian territories. In certain instances, we leverage third parties such as our MVPDs and other partners to bill subscribers on our behalf. If these third parties become unwilling or unable to continue processing payments on our behalf, we would have to find alternative methods of collecting payments, which could adversely impact user acquisition and retention. In addition, from time to time, we encounter fraudulent use of payment methods, which could impact our results of operation and if not adequately controlled and managed could create negative perceptions of our service. 
 If We Fail to Maintain or, in Newer Markets Establish, a Positive Reputation with Consumers Concerning Our Service, Including the Content We Offer, We may not be Able to Attract or Retain Users, and Our Operating Results may be Adversely Affected. We believe that a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining users who have many choices when it comes to where to obtain video entertainment. To the extent our content is perceived as low quality, offensive or otherwise not compelling to consumers, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted. To the extent our content is deemed controversial or offensive by government regulators, we may face direct or indirect retaliatory action or behavior, including being required to remove such content from our service, and our entire service could be banned and/or become subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny across our business and operations. In light of the recent military invasion of Ukraine by Russian forces and the economic sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other nations on Russia, Belarus and certain Russian organizations and individuals, our contracts to sell and distribute our content to Russian distributors in Russian territories may cast us in a negative light with consumers, governmental authorities, business partners or other stakeholders and injure our reputation. Furthermore, to the extent our marketing, customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative consumer reaction, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may likewise be adversely impacted. Lastly, to the extent we suffer any security vulnerabilities, bugs, errors or other performance failures, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted. With newer markets, we also need to establish our reputation with consumers and to the extent we are not successful in creating positive impressions, our business in these newer markets may be adversely impacted. 
 
 15 

Government Licensing Requirements. Currently, other than business and operations licenses applicable to most commercial ventures, the Company is not required to obtain any governmental approval for its business operations. There can be no assurance, however, that governmental institutions will not, in the future, impose licensing or other requirements on the Company. Additionally, as noted below, there are a variety of laws and regulations that may, directly or indirectly, have an impact on the Company's business. 
 Privacy Legislation and Regulations. While the Company is not currently subject to licensing requirements, entities engaged in operations over the Internet, particularly relating to the collection of user information, are subject to limitations on their ability to utilize such information under federal and state legislation and regulation. In 2000, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act required that the collection of identifiable information regarding users of financial services be subject to stringent disclosure and "opt-out" provisions. While this law and the regulations enacted by the Federal Trade Commission and others relates primarily to information relating to financial transactions and financial institutions, the broad definitions of those terms may make the businesses entered into by the Company and its strategic partners subject to the provisions of the Act. This, in turn, may increase the cost of doing business and make it unattractive to collect and transfer information regarding users of services. This, in turn, may reduce the revenues of the Company and its strategic partners, thus reducing potential revenues and profitability. Similarly, the Children On-line Privacy and Protection Act ("COPPA") imposes strict limitations on the ability of Internet ventures to collect information from minors. The impact of COPPA may be to increase the cost of doing business on the Internet and reducing potential revenue sources. The Company may also be impacted by the US Patriot Act, which requires certain companies to collect and provide information to United States governmental authorities. A number of state governments have also proposed or enacted privacy legislation that reflects or, in some cases, extends the limitations imposed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and COPPA. 
 Advertising Regulations. In response to concerns regarding "spam" (unsolicited electronic messages), "pop-up" web pages and other Internet advertising, the federal government and a number of states have adopted or proposed laws and regulations which would limit the use of unsolicited Internet advertisements. While a number of factors may prevent the effectiveness of such laws and regulations, the cumulative effect may be to limit the attractiveness of effecting and promoting sales on the Internet. 
 There are currently few laws or regulations that specifically regulate communications or commerce on the Internet. However, laws and regulations may be adopted in the future that address issues such as user privacy, pricing and the characteristics and quality of products and services. For example, the Telecommunications Act of 1996 sought to prohibit transmitting various types of information and content over the Internet. Several telecommunications companies have petitioned the Federal Communications Commission to regulate Internet service providers and on-line service providers in a manner similar to long distance telephone carriers and to impose access fees on those companies. This could increase the cost of transmitting data over the Internet. Moreover, it may take years to determine the extent to which existing laws relating to issues such as intellectual property ownership, libel and personal privacy are applicable to the Internet. Any new laws or regulations relating to the Internet or any new interpretations of existing laws could have a negative impact on Live Current's business and add additional costs to doing business. 
 Competition. The Company competes with many companies possessing greater financial resources and technical facilities than itself. In addition, some of these competitors have been in business for longer than us and may have established more strategic partnerships and relationships than the Company. 
 Intellectual Property . 
 Significant impairments of our intellectual property rights, and limitations on our ability to assert our intellectual property rights against others, could harm our business and our ability to compete. 
 Intellectual property rights are important assets of our business and we seek protection for such rights as appropriate. To establish and protect our trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights, and patents as well as restrictions in confidentiality, license and intellectual property assignment agreements we enter into with our employees, consultants and third parties. Various circumstances and events outside of our control, however, pose threats to our intellectual property rights. We may fail to obtain effective intellectual property protection, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are available, or such laws may provide only limited protection. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient or effective, and any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged, circumvented, infringed or misappropriated which could result in them being narrowed in scope or declared invalid or unenforceable. There can be no assurance our intellectual property rights will be sufficient to protect against others offering products or services that are substantially similar to ours and compete with our business. 
 
 16 

Effective protection of intellectual property rights is expensive and difficult to maintain, both in terms of application and registration costs as well as the costs of defending and enforcing those rights. We may be required to protect our rights in different countries, a process that is expensive and may not be successful or which we may not pursue in every country in which our products and services are distributed or made available. 
 We also seek to obtain patent protection for some of our technology. We may be unable to obtain patent protection for our technologies. Even if patents are issued from our patent applications, which is not certain, our existing patents, and any patents that may be issued in the future, may not provide us with competitive advantages or distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors. In addition, any patents may be contested, circumvented, or found unenforceable or invalid, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing or otherwise violating them. Effective protection of patent rights is expensive and difficult to maintain, both in terms of application and maintenance costs, as well as the costs of defending and enforcing those rights. 
 While the Company believes that its products and operations will not violate the intellectual property rights of third parties, other parties could bring legal actions against the Company claiming damages and seeking to enjoin the marketing and sale of the Company's products for allegedly conflicting with patents held by them. Any such litigation could result in substantial cost to the Company and diversion of effort by its management and technical personnel. If any such actions are successful, in addition to any potential liability for damages, the Company could be required to obtain a license in order to continue to market the affected products. There can be no assurance that the Company would prevail in such action or that any license required under any such patent would be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Failure to obtain needed patents, licenses or proprietary information held by others may have material adverse effect on the Company's business. In addition, if the Company was to become involved in such litigation, it could consume a substantial portion of the Company's time and resources. 
 The Company will consider seeking further trademark protection for its online businesses, however, the Company may be unable to avail itself of trademark protection under United States laws. Consequently, the Company will seek trademark protection only where it has determined that the cost of obtaining protection, and the scope of protection provided, results in a meaningful benefit to the Company. 
 Dependence on One or a Few Major Customers. The Company does not currently depend on any single customer for a significant proportion of its business. However, as the Company enters into strategic transactions, the Company may choose to grant exclusive rights to a small number of parties or otherwise limit its activities that could, in turn, create such dependence. The Company, however, has no current plans to do so. 
 Risks Related to the Company's Securities 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate the material weakness and otherwise maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, it could result in us not preventing or detecting on a timely basis a material misstatement of the Company's financial statements. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As further disclosed in "Item 9A. Controls and Procedures" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, management had identified material weaknesses specifically relating to deficiencies in its internal controls over (i) written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures, including written policies and procedures to ensure the correct application of accounting and financial reporting with respect to the current requirements of U.S. GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over the financial reporting process and we had inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. The Company has taken actions to remediate the material weaknesses. 
 
 17 

Although we are implementing plans to remediate this material weakness, we cannot be certain of the success of the plans. If our remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weakness, or if one or more additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting are discovered or occur in the future, or our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting are again determined to be ineffective, we may not be able to prevent or identify irregularities or ensure the fair and accurate presentation of our financial statements included in our periodic reports, which may have other consequences that could materially and adversely affect our business, including an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock, potential actions or investigations by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or other regulatory authorities, shareholder lawsuits, a loss of investor confidence and damage to our reputation. 
 Additional financing will be required. The Company anticipates that it will require significant additional financing to fund its proposed business development plans. The costs of developing the Company's platforms are anticipated to be substantially greater than the Company's existing financial resources, and the Company anticipates that it will require substantial financing to develop and operate its businesses over the next 12 months. 
 If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing when needed, the Company may not be able to complete its business development plans or its business could fail. The Company will scale back its development plans depending upon its existing financial resources. 
 The Company's ability to obtain future financing will be subject to a number of factors, including the variability of the global economy, investor interest in our planned business projects, and the performance of equity markets in general. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms or conditions of additional financing unavailable to the Company. If the Company is not able to obtain financing when needed or in an amount sufficient to enable us to complete our programs, the Company may be required to scale back its business development plans. 
 Additional issuances of capital stock will dilute existing stockholders. The most likely source of future financing presently available to the Company is through the sale of shares of its common stock and/or preferred stock. Issuing shares of common stock or preferred stock, for financing purposes or otherwise, will dilute the interests of existing stockholders. The Company also expects to issue shares of its common stock or preferred stock as part of its ongoing acquisition strategy. Existing stockholders will have their interests diluted as a result of that strategy. 
 The Company's stock price is volatile. The stock markets in general, and the stock prices of Internet companies in particular, have experienced extreme volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of any specific public company. The market price of the Company's Common Stock is likely to fluctuate in the future, especially if the Company's Common Stock is thinly traded. Factors that may have a significant impact on the market price of the Company's Common Stock include: 
 (a) actual or anticipated variations in the Company's results of operations; 
 (b) the Company's ability or inability to generate new revenues; 
 (c) increased competition; 
 (d) government regulations, including Internet regulations; 
 (e) conditions and trends in the Internet industry; 
 (f) proprietary rights; or 
 (g) rumors or allegations regarding the Company's financial disclosures or practices. 
 The Company's stock price may be impacted by factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to its operating performance. These market fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rates or international currency fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of the Company's Common Stock. 
 
 18 

The Company does not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. The Company has never paid cash dividends on its Common Stock and has no plans to do so in the foreseeable future. The Company intends to retain earnings, if any, to develop and expand its business. 
 " Penny Stock" rules may make buying or selling the Company's Common Stock difficult, and severely limit its market and liquidity. Trading in the Company's Common Stock is subject to certain regulations adopted by the SEC commonly known as the "penny stock" rules. The Company's Common Stock qualifies as penny stocks and are covered by Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker/dealers who sell the Common Stock in the aftermarket. The "penny stock" rules govern how broker-dealers can deal with their clients and "penny stocks". For sales of The Company's Common Stock, the broker/dealer must make a special suitability determination and receive from you a written agreement prior to making a sale to you. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by the "penny stock" rules may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in The Company's Common Stock, which could severely limit their market price and liquidity of its Common Stock. This could prevent you from reselling your shares and may cause the price of the Common Stock to decline. 
 Lack of operating revenues. The Company has limited operating revenues and is expected to continue to do so for the foreseeable future. Management has assessed the Company's ability to continue as a going concern and the financial statements included with this registration statement includes disclosure that there is a substantial doubt as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The audit report of the Company's principal independent accountants for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 includes a statement regarding the uncertainty of the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The Company's failure to achieve profitability and positive operating revenues could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations and could cause the Company's business to fail. 
 No assurance that forward-looking assessments will be realized. The Company's ability to accomplish its objectives and whether or not we are financially successful is dependent upon numerous factors, each of which could have a material effect on the results obtained. Some of these factors are in the discretion and control of management and others are beyond management's control. The assumptions and hypotheses used in preparing any forward-looking assessments contained herein are considered reasonable by management. There can be no assurance, however, that any projections or assessments contained herein or otherwise made by management will be realized or achieved at any level. 
 Uncertainty due to Global Outbreak of COVID-19. In March of 2020, the World Health Organization declared an outbreak of COVID-19 to be a global pandemic. The COVID-19 has impacted a vast array of businesses through the restrictions put in place by most governments internationally, including the USA federal government as well as provincial and municipal governments, regarding travel, business operations and isolation/quarantine orders. At this time, it is unknown to what extent the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak may have on the Company as this will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and that cannot be predicted with confidence. These uncertainties arise from the inability to predict the ultimate geographic spread of the disease, and the duration of the outbreak, including the duration of travel restrictions, business closures or disruptions, and quarantine/isolation measures that are currently, or may be put, in place world-wide to fight the virus. While the extent of the impact is unknown, the COVID-19 outbreak may hinder the Company's ability to raise financing for exploration or operating costs due to uncertain capital markets, supply chain disruptions, increased government regulations and other unanticipated factors, all of which may also negatively impact the Company's business and financial condition. 
 Uncertainty due to recent financial market events . Inflation poses risk to the economy overall and could indirectly pose challenges to our business. Elevated inflation can impact our business customers through loss of purchasing power, leading to lower sales. In addition, sustained inflationary pressure has led the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates several times during 2022. The failure of three regional banks in March 2023 and the resultant negative outlook on the banking sector has created concern regarding the exposure of banks to interest rate risk, and the exposure of banks to unrecognized investment losses due to investments classified as "held to maturity" on the balance sheet. 
 
 19 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The Company does not currently have any interests in any real property. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries operate from their principal office at 10801 Thornmint Road, Suite 200 San Diego, CA 92127. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Settlement with San Diego Innovation Center . 
 On April 30 th , 2021, San Diego Innovation Center, commenced a legal action in the Superior Court of California, County of San Diego, Central Division against Evasyst for breach of lease. These proceedings related to a 5-year lease that Evasyst entered into in December 2019 prior to the COVID-19 pandemic and the stay at home order issued by the Governor of California in March 2020. San Diego Innovation Center relet the property in June 2021 and is now in mediation for a lease settlement. These proceedings were scheduled for trial in August 2022. The Company reached a settlement with the San Diego Innovation Center for 180,000, payable over 18 months, where as end of today 20,000 has been paid. The Company is seeking to reduce this amount through negotiation of faster payment schedule. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 20 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Holders of the Company's Shares 
 As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company had 293 registered shareholders. The number of registered shareholders does not include shareholders holding their shares on deposit with brokers or dealers and registered in the name of stock depositories. 
 Market Information 
 The Company's common shares trade over-the-counter in the United States on the OTCQB marketplace under the symbol "LIVC." 
 Quotations entered on the OTCQB marketplace reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 
 Dividend Rights 
 There are no provisions in the Company's articles of incorporation or bylaws restricting the Company's ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (the "NRS") does provide certain limitations on the Company's ability to declare and pay dividends. Section 78.288 of the NRS prohibits the Company from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: 
 (a) The Company would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or 
 (b) Except as allowed in the Company's articles of incorporation the Company's total assets would be less than the sum of the Company's total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy any preferential rights. 
 The Company has never declared, nor paid, any dividend since their incorporation and they do not foresee paying any dividend in the near future since all available funds will be used to conduct the Company's business development activities. Any future payment of dividends will depend on its financing requirements and financial condition and other factors which the board of directors, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 February 2022 Convertible Note Offering 
 On February 15, 2022 the Company completed a private placement offering (the "February 2022 Convertible Note Offering") of Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Promissory Notes (the "February 2022 Convertible Notes") and warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock (the "February 2022 Warrants") with Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC ("Mercer") pursuant to a securities purchase agreement between the Company and Mercer (the "February 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement"). Under the February 2022 Convertible Note Offering, for an aggregate purchase price of 1,500,000, the Company issued to Mercer a February 2022 Convertible Note having a face value of 1,620,000, and February 2022 Warrants to purchase a total of 3,573,529 shares of the Company's common stock. The February 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement originally provided for a second tranche of February 2022 Convertible Notes having a face value of 1,080,000 and February 2022 Warrants to purchase up to an additional 2,382,353 shares of the Company's common stock for gross proceeds of 1,000,000, issuable at the request of the Company. In October 2022, the terms of the February 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement to remove the second tranche. 
 
 21 

The February 2022 Convertible Notes mature 24 months after issuance, bear interest at a rate of 4 per annum and are convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, originally at an initial conversion price of 0.34 per share, subject to adjustment for certain stock splits, stock combinations and dilutive share issuances. In October 2022, the Company and Mercer amended the terms of the February 2022 Convertible Notes whereby the conversion rate of the February 2022 Convertible Notes was changed from 0.34 to 0.18 per share. The Company may prepay the February 2022 Convertible Notes (i) at any time during the first 90 days following closing at the face value of the February 2022 Convertible Notes, (ii) at any time during the period from 91 to 180 days following closing at a premium of 110 of the face value of the February 2022 Convertible Notes, and (iii) thereafter at 120 of the face value of the February 2022 Convertible Notes. The February 2022 Convertible Notes contain a number of customary events of default. Additionally, the February 2022 Convertible Notes are secured by all of the assets of the Company, including a lien on and security interest in all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, pursuant to a security agreement that was entered into in connection with the issuance of the February 2022 Convertible Notes. 
 The February 2022 Warrants are exercisable at an initial exercise price of 0.60 per share for a term ending on the 5 year anniversary of the date of issuance. The exercise price of the February 2022 Warrants are subject to adjustment for certain stock splits, stock combinations and dilutive share issuances. 
 In addition to the forgoing, under the February 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement, until such time as there are no February 2022 Convertible Notes outstanding, if the Company proposes to offer and sell any securities of the Company in a subsequent financing, Mercer may elect to surrender its February 2022 Convertible Notes and February 2022 Warrants for securities of the same type offered in such subsequent financing on the same terms and conditions as that subsequent financing. Subject to certain stated exceptions, the Company is prohibited from incurring any debt, filing registration statements, entering into any variable rate transactions while the February 2022 Convertible Notes are outstanding, and until the earlier of 90 days following closing of the second tranche, or 180 days following closing of the first tranche, the Company is prohibited from issuing any shares of its common stock. 
 The February 2022 Convertible Notes and February 2022 Warrants may not be converted or exercised by the holder if, after give effect to such conversion or exercise, the holder would beneficially own greater than 4.99 of the Company's outstanding common stock, provided that the holder may, on not less than 61 days prior written notice to the Company, increase the limitation to 9.99 of the Company's outstanding common stock. 
 In connection with the Offering, the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement (the "Mercer Registration Agreement") with Mercer, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to file a registration statement (a with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the February 2022 Convertible Notes and the February 2022 Warrants by no later than April 7, 2022, and to use commercially reasonable efforts to have such registration statement declared effective within 60 days after filing. 
 The February 2022 Convertible Note Offering was completed pursuant to the exemptions from registration provided by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), on the basis that Mercer is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D. 
 In connection with the February 2022 Convertible Note Offering, the Company issued 221,402 shares of the Company's common stock at a deemed cost of 0.271 per share as a brokerage fee. 
 March 2022 Convertible Note Offering 
 On March 28, 2022, the Company completed a private placement offering (the "March 2022 Convertible Note Offering") of Original Issue Discount Senior Unsecured Convertible Promissory Notes (the "March 2022 Convertible Notes") and warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock (the "March 2022 Warrants"). For gross proceeds of 886,000, the Company issued March 2022 Convertible Notes having an aggregate face value of 956,880 and March 2022 Warrants exercisable for a total of 2,110,765 shares of the Company's common stock. 
 
 22 

The March 2022 Convertible Notes mature 24 months after issuance, bear interest at a rate of 4 per annum and are convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at an initial conversion price of 0.34 per share, subject to adjustment for certain stock splits, stock combinations and dilutive share issuances. The Company may prepay the March 2022 Convertible Notes (i) at any time during the first 90 days following closing at the face value of the March 2022 Convertible Notes, (ii) at any time during the period from 91 to 180 days following closing at a premium of 110 of the face value of the March 2022 Convertible Notes, and (iii) thereafter at 120 of the face value of the March 2022 Convertible Notes. The March 2022 Convertible Notes contain a number of customary events of default. The March 2022 Convertible Notes are unsecured. 
 The March 2022 Warrants are exercisable at an initial exercise price of 0.60 per share for a term ending on the 5 year anniversary of the date of issuance. The exercise price of the March 2022 Warrants are subject to adjustment for certain stock splits, stock combinations and dilutive share issuances. 
 There were no most favored nation rights or registration rights granted in respect of the March 2022 Convertible Note Offering. 
 The March 2022 Convertible Note Offering was completed pursuant to the exemptions from registration provided by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and Rule 903 of the Securities Act, on the basis that each subscriber was either an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D or was not a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S. 
 October 2022 Convertible Note Offering 
 On October 27, 2022, the Company completed a private placement offering (the "October 2022 Convertible Note Offering") of Original Issue Discount Senior Unsecured Convertible Promissory Notes (the "October 2022 Convertible Notes") and warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock (the "October 2022 Warrants") with Mercer pursuant to a securities purchase agreement between the Company and Mercer (the "October 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement"). For purchase price of 700,000, the Company issued October 2022 Convertible Notes having an aggregate original principal amount of 755,000 and October 2022 Warrants exercisable for a total of 3,145,833 shares of the Company's common stock. 
 The October 2022 Convertible Notes mature 24 months after issuance, bear interest at a rate of 4 per annum, and beginning on the 6 month anniversary of the Original Issue Date, and are convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at an initial conversion price of 0.18 per share, subject to adjustment for certain stock splits, stock combinations and dilutive share issuances. The Company may prepay the October 2022 Convertible Notes (i) at any time during the first 90 days following closing at the face value of the October 2022 Convertible Notes, (ii) at any time during the period from 91 to 180 days following closing at a premium of 110 of the face value of the October 2022 Convertible Notes, and (iii) thereafter at 120 of the face value of the October 2022 Convertible Notes. The October 2022 Convertible Notes contain a number of customary events of default. Additionally, the October 2022 Convertible Notes are secured by all of the assets of the Company, including a lien on and security interest in all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, pursuant to a security agreement that was entered into in connection with the issuance of the October 2022 Convertible Notes. 
 The October 2022 Warrants are exercisable at an initial exercise price of 0.32 per share for a term ending on the 5 year anniversary of the date of issuance. The exercise price of the October 2022 Warrants are subject to adjustment for certain stock splits, stock combinations and dilutive share issuances. 
 On December 6, 2022 the Company's CEO Mark Ollila participated in the October 2022 Convertible Notes round with a principal balance of 115,000 that bears interest at 4.0 per annum and matures in 24 months. and beginning on the 6 month anniversary of the Original Issue Date, and are convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at an initial conversion price of 0.18 per share, subject to adjustment for certain stock splits, stock combinations and dilutive share issuances. The Warrants are exercisable at an initial exercise price of 0.32 per share for a term ending on the 5 year anniversary of the date of issuance. The exercise price of the October 2022 Warrants are subject to adjustment for certain stock splits, stock combinations and dilutive share issuances 
 
 23 

In addition to the forgoing, under the October 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement, until such time as there are no October 2022 Convertible Notes outstanding, if the Company proposes to offer and sell any securities of the Company in a subsequent financing, Mercer may elect to surrender its October 2022 Convertible Notes and October 2022 Warrants for securities of the same type offered in such subsequent financing on the same terms and conditions as that subsequent financing. Subject to certain stated exceptions, the Company is prohibited from incurring any debt, filing registration statements, entering into any variable rate transactions while the October 2022 Convertible Notes are outstanding, and until the earlier of 90 days following closing of the second tranche, or 180 days following closing of the first tranche, the Company is prohibited from issuing any shares of its common stock. 
 The October 2022 Convertible Notes and October 2022 Warrants may not be converted or exercised by the holder if, after give effect to such conversion or exercise, the holder would beneficially own greater than 4.99 of the Company's outstanding common stock, provided that the holder may, on not less than 61 days prior written notice to the Company, increase the limitation to 9.99 of the Company's outstanding common stock. 
 The October 2022 Convertible Note Offering was completed pursuant to the exemptions from registration provided by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D of the Securities Act, on the basis that Mercer is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D. 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 Not applicable 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis 
 The following selected financial data was derived from the Company's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. The information set forth below should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and related notes included elsewhere in this report. During the 2023 fiscal year, the Company expects to focus its resources on the development of its platform to grow market share in the creator economy. This platform combines capabilities from the Company's acquisitions during the 2022 fiscal year, expanding its offering in the market. As a result, historical results and capital requirements are not expected to be reflective of the Company's financial results and capital requirements moving forward. 
 The acquisition of Evasyst, Inc. ("Evasyst") was accounted for as a reverse acquisition, with Evasyst being treated as the acquiring entity for accounting and financial reporting purposes. As such, moving forward the financial statements of the Company will be presented as a continuation of the operations of Evasyst. 
 Summary of Results 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Revenues 
 
 488,018 

427,868 

14.06 

Operating expenses (income) 

Software and platform development costs 
 
 603,833 

277,238 

117.80 

Gain on settlement of lease liability 
 
 (399,230) 

n/a 

General and administration 
 
 2,465,577 

279,700 

786.77 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 22,810 

19,665 

16.00 

Wages and salaries 
 
 2,639,145 

29,615 

8,811.51 

Gain on sale of domain name 
 
 (89,903) 

n/a 

Cost of goods sold 
 
 55,800 

n/a 

Impairment of goodwill and intangibles 
 
 9,592,424 

n/a 

Impairment of right to use lease asset 

354,895 

n/a 

14,905,183 

961,113 

1450.83 

24 

Results of Operation 
 Revenue 
 The Company recognized revenue of 488,018 which is primarily derived from subscription-based services and software-as-a-service for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 427,868 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is an increase of 60,150. The increase in revenue is primarily a result of the acquisition of Guru Experience, Co., who's operations are included in the Company's financial statements from the date of acquisition on November 23, 2022. 
 The Company's revenue primarily consists of software subscription fees that allow customers to access the hosted software over the contract period. The revenue arrangements do not contain general rights of refund in the event of cancellations. In addition, service revenue represents fees for services provided that are not covered under subscription arrangements. The Company recognized revenue of 321,771 associated with Live Current's software subscriptions for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 427,868 in the comparable prior period, which is a decrease of 106,097. 
 Acquired company Guru Experience, Co.'s revenue primarily consists of software subscription fees that allow customers to access the hosted software over the contract period. 
 The following table disaggregates revenue by major source for the period from the date the Company acquired Guru Experience, Co. to December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

2022 

Subscription fees 
 
 161,080 

Service revenue 
 
 5,166 

166,247 

During the period since acquisition, revenue to the Company's largest customers represented approximately 28 , 23 , 14 , and 11 of total revenue. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accounts receivable due from four customers which represented 26 , 26 , 16 , and 16 , respectively, of its total accounts receivable. 
 The Company is in the process of integrating its platforms and expects to begin generating additional streams of revenue in the 2023 fiscal year. Anticipated revenue streams include subscription-based services and software-as-a-service, with the additions of transaction fees, advertising, and revenue share agreements across its platforms. There is no assurance that the Company will realize additional revenues from these revenue streams moving forward. 
 
 25 

Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 14,905,183 compared to 961,113 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 13,944,070. The change is mainly due to an increase in Wages and Salaries, which was 2,639,145 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 29,615 in the comparable prior period, which is an increase of 2,609,530. Wages and Salaries is comprised of the Company's current employees. The Company had hired 21 employees and engaged with 15 contractors post merger of Evasyst and Live Current. General and Administrative costs increased for the period with insurance and other operating expenses associated with a larger workforce and professional consultants. Software and Platform Development costs increased for the period with the integration, improvements, and maintenance of the Company's platforms. Majority of these costs were non-cash items associated with the RTO of Evasyst and Live Current, including 1.6MM in transaction costs, and 9.6MM in impairment charge of goodwill and other intangibles. 
 Net Loss 
 The Company recorded a net loss of 15,187,697 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 392,329 for the comparable prior period. The majority of the difference is the result of Impairment of Goodwill and Intangibles which were 9,592,424 for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was comprised of goodwill attributed to Evasyst at the merger. Non-cash expenses associated with the merger from Q1 2022 were abnormally high, totaling 1,577,250, which represents roughly 11 of operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Live Current reduced its operating expenses in January of this year by furloughing employees, and maintaining its core team with the directive of completing key acquisitions within the Creator Economy. In addition to reducing the Company's monthly burn, LIVC has raised additional funds through a combination of debt and equity during Q1 2023. 
 The Company is currently seeking additional equity financing and has received some subscriptions for the first tranche. Proceeds from the Company's financing will be used for additional key acquisitions, including a key Creator Economy platform that has signed a non-binding LOI. Funds will also be used to finance the Company's operations. Concurrently, the Company has recently refinanced existing loans at a better rate, and providing additional cash to fund growth. 
 Capital Resources 

December 31 

2022 

2021 

Total Current Assets 
 
 373,095 

19,311 

Total Assets 
 
 498,814 

46,788 

Current Liabilities 
 
 1,932,838 

962,990 

Total Liabilities 
 
 4,281,174 

4,060,109 

Working Capital (deficit) 
 
 (1,559,743) 
 
 (943,679) 

Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 
 (3,399,885) 
 
 21,547 

Net cash used by investing activities 
 
 2,413,456 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 
 1,146,207 

(22,000) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 
 159,778 

(453) 

26 

The Company had a working capital deficit of 1,559,743) on December 31, 2022 as compared to a working capital deficit of 943,679) at December 31, 2021. The increase in the working capital deficit was primarily due to a significant increase in Evasyst's current liabilities during 202 2 . 
 C ash provided by investing for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,413,456, a nd was primarily related to cash acquired of 2,425,790 in the reverse acquisition of Live Current Media in April 2022. There was no cash pro vided by or used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,146,207, and was primarily rela ted to net cash proceeds from senior secured promissory notes, convertible notes, and financing agreements. Cash used in financing agreements was 22,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Any long-term financing that we obtain in the future is expected to come from sales of our equity securities and/or convertible debt financing. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing in amounts sufficient to meet our short-term or long-term capital needs. If the Company is successful in completing any equity or convertible debt financings, of which there is no assurance, or if an issuance of equity securities in payment for the goods or services provided, existing shareholders will likely experience a dilution of their interest in the company. 
 If the Company is not successful in raising sufficient financing, it will not be able to complete the current plan of operation and may not be able to continue as a going concern. The Company does not have any specific alternatives to the current plan of operation and has not planned for any such contingency. If the Company is not able to raise sufficient financing, the business may fail and existing shareholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Our management routinely makes judgments and estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 27 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Audited financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, including: 

(a) 
 Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 

Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID:1173) 

(b) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as at December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

(c) 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

(d) 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

(e) 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity; and 

(f) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

28 

LIVE CURRENT MEDIA INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Expressed in US Dollars) 
 
 F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Live Current Media, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Live Current Media, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Reverse Acquisition 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, in April 2022, the Company completed its merger with Evasyst Inc. ("Evasyst") pursuant to the terms of a merger agreement, by which a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company merged with and into Evasyst, with Evasyst continuing as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and the business conducted by Evasyst became the primary business conducted by the Company. Management accounted for the transaction as a reverse acquisition and identified Evasyst as the accounting acquirer. 
 We identified the accounting for the reverse acquisition as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments management made in identifying the accounting acquirer and the significant impacts this decision has on the presentation of the Company's financial statements. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased auditor effort in auditing the accounting for and presentation of the reverse merger. 
 
 F-2 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 We read the merger agreement and interviewed management to understand the significant terms of the transaction 
 We considered Evasyst's significant post-merger control of the relative voting rights of the combined entity, and Evasyst's ability to appoint the majority of the members of the Board of Directors as well as management in the combined entity. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment 
 As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, management tests its goodwill for impairment on December 31 or more frequently if circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit may exceed its fair value. The Company's annual impairment analysis includes a qualitative assessment to determine if it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test. In performing a qualitative assessment, the Company reviewed events and circumstances that could affect the significant inputs used to determine if the fair value is less than the carrying value of goodwill. As a result of this qualitative assessment, the Company determined that a triggering event had occurred to necessitate performing the quantitative impairment test. After performing the quantitative impairment test, the Company determined that goodwill was impaired by 9,258,441. As a result of the impairment loss recognized, the carrying amount of the Company's goodwill was reduced to zero as of December 31, 2022. 
 We identified the evaluation of goodwill impairment as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgment by management when determining the fair value of the reporting unit. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased auditor effort in auditing such assumptions. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 We obtained management's impairment analysis and evaluated the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management in preparing the impairment analysis. 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2022. 
 /s/ 

April 21, 2023 
 
 F-3 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the shareholders and the board of directors of Live Current Media Inc. 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Live Current Media Inc. (formerly Evasyst Inc.) (the "Company") as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' deficit, and cash flows , for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Going Concern 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has not achieved profitable operations, and has incurred recurring operating losses and further losses are possible. The Company requires additional funds to meet its obligations and the costs of its operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in this regard are described in Note 1 . The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ DMCL 
 DALE MATHESON CARR-HILTON LABONTE LLP CHARTERED PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANTS 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2022. In 2022 we became the predecessor auditor. Vancouver, Canada July 8, 2022 
 
 F-4 

LIVE CURRENT MEDIA INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued rent payable 

Deferred revenue 

Financing arrangements - advances on future receipts 

Secured promissory note 

Secured promissory note - related parties 

Operating lease liability 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible notes 

Convertible notes, related parties 

Financing arrangements - - advances on future receipts, long term 

Interest payable 

Warrant derivative 

Operating lease liability 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' deficit: 

Preferred stock par value, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Common stock to be issued shares at December 31, 2022) 

Stock subscription receivable 

() 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total stockholders' deficit 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-5 

LIVE CURRENT MEDIA INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 

2021 

Revenues 

Operating expenses (income) 

Cost of goods sold 

Software and platform development costs 

Depreciation and amortization 

Wages and salaries 

General and administrative 

Gain on sale of domain name 
 
 () 

Impairment of goodwill and intangibles 

Impairment of right to use lease asset 

Gain on settlement of lease liability 
 
 () 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other income (expense) 

Interest and financing expense 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Loss on cancellation of subscription receivable and related interest receivable 
 
 () 

Gain on forgiveness of CARES Act loan 

Change in fair value of warrant derivative 

Other income (expense), net 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total other income (expense) 
 
 () 

Net loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net Loss per Common Share: 

Basic Diluted 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding: 

Basic Diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-6 

LIVE CURRENT MEDIA INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Common Stock to be issued 

Stock Subscription Receivable 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders' Deficit 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net income 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

Stock based compensation 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Balance at January 1, 2022 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net loss 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

Forgiveness of subscription receivable 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion of preferred shares to common shares 
 
 () 
 
 () 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Convertible debt and accrued interest converted to common shares 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common shares issued for common stock payable 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Share issued for the exercise of stock options 
 
 - 

- 

Options exercised on a cashless basis 
 
 - 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

Shares assumed as a result of reverse acquisition 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares issued for acquisition of Guru 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares to be issued for acquisition 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Convertible note price reset 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Warrants issued with convertible notes 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-7 

LIVE CURRENT MEDIA INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 

2021 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of debt discount 

Convertible note price reset recorded as financing expense 

Stock based compensation 

Professional fees paid with convertible debt 

Wages and salaries paid with stock payable 

Loss on cancellation of subscription receivable and related interest receivable 

Impairment of lease asset 

Impairment of goodwill and intangibles 

Change in fair value of warrants 
 
 () 

Gain on settlement of lease liability 
 
 () 

Gain on sale of domain name 
 
 () 

Gain on forgiveness of CARES Act note 

() 

Change in: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 () 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued rent payable 
 
 () 

Deferred revenue 
 
 () 

Net cash provided by (used in) by operating activities 
 
 () 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Additions to fixed assets 
 
 () 

Proceeds from sale of domain name 

Cash acquired from reverse acquisition and acquisition 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Issuance of senior secured promissory notes 

Borrowings under convertible debt issued with warrants 

Borrowings under financing arrangements 

Payments on promissory note 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Payments on financing arrangements 
 
 () 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

() 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

() 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid in cash 

NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Convertible note issued for accrued expenses 

Convertible note issued for accounts payable 

Convertible note price reset 

Stock payable issued for accrued liabilities 

Stock payable issued for accrued interest payable 

Stock payable issued for promissory note 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-8 

and , respectively. 

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for an identical asset or liability that the Company has the ability to access as of the measurement date. 
 Level 2 - Inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, which are directly observable for the asset or liability or indirectly observable through corroboration with observable market data. 
 Level 3 - Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data for the asset or liability which requires the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 
 The fair value of financial instruments measured on a recurring basis was as follows as of December 31, 2022: 

Total liabilities at fair value 

As of December 31, 2021, there was no warrant liability. The following table provides a roll-forward of the warrant liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable level 3 inputs for the years ended December 31, 2022 as follows: 

Fair value of warrant liability recognized upon issuance of warrants 

Change in fair value 
 
 () 

Balance as of end of period - December 31, 2022 

The Company believes the carrying amount of its financial instruments (consisting of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and convertible notes) approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of such instruments. 

Stock purchase warrants 

Convertible debt 

Stock payable 

or more of total revenue. 
 Accounts receivable . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accounts receivable due from five customers which represented , , , , and of total accounts receivable. At December 31, 2021, there were no accounts receivable. 

newly issued shares of Live Current's common stock. Following the Merger, Live Current's shareholders retained shares of the Company's common stock, which represents of the Company's common stock, and the former stockholders of Evasyst own of the Company, which represents approximately the Company's common stock. Following the Merger, two former directors of Live Current resigned, and five new directors were appointed by Evasyst. A third former director of Live Current who was the former CEO/CFO of Live Current resigned those positions, and continues as the President and a director of the Company. 
 The Merger is accounted for as a reverse acquisition. Under this method of accounting, Evasyst was determined to be the acquiring company for accounting purposes, and Live Current is treated as the acquired company. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities of Live Current were recorded at estimated fair value as of April 22, 2022, the Merger closing date. The accounting acquirer was primarily determined based on Evasyst shareholders having the larger voting interest in the post-combination company, and the ability to appoint the majority of the members of the Board of Directors as well as management in the post-combination company. 

Consideration transferred by Evasyst is comprised shares of common stock held by Live Current's shareholders with a fair value of based on the trading price of the Company's common stock on the date of the merger. In addition, the acquisition date fair value of options held by Live Current employees to purchase shares of common stock of is included as part of the consideration transferred. The Live Current options were in substance exchanged for share-based payment awards of Evasyst. The fair value of the stock options was calculated using the Black Scholes option model with the following variables: exercise price , stock price - , weighted average volatility - , discount rate - , and weighted average term of years. 

The purchase price consideration and provisional allocation to net assets acquired is presented below. 

Live Current stock options 

Total fair value of consideration 

Allocation of the consideration to the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

A cquisition related goodwill-provisional 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable accrued expenses 
 
 () 

Convertible notes payable 
 
 () 

Total liabilities assumed 
 
 () 

Fair value of net assets acquired 

At December 31, 2022, management performed an impairment analysis of the acquisition related goodwill-provisional and determined that the goodwill-provisional was fully impaired. As such, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment loss of for the balance of Live Current reverse acquisition goodwill-provisional. 

From acquisition date through December 31, 2022, Live Current had revenue of and incurred a net loss of . 

The pro forma financial information below represents the combined results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as if the acquisition had occurred as of January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes only and is neither indicative of the results of operations that would have occurred if the acquisition had taken place at the beginning of the period presented nor indicative of future operating results. 

Earnings 
 
 () 
 
 () 

F-15 

. Pursuant to the terms of the Note Cancellation Agreement, the Company agreed to issue to the Guru Note Holders an aggregate of shares of the Company's common stock as satisfaction in full of the amounts owing under the Guru Notes. 
 shares at 

Allocation of the consideration to the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Fixed assets 

Acquisition related goodwill-provisional 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable accrued expenses 
 
 () 

Deferred subscription revenue 
 
 () 

Financing arrangements 
 
 () 

Total liabilities assumed 
 
 () 

Fair value of net assets acquired 

At December 31, 2022, management performed an impairment analysis of the acquisition related goodwill-provisional and determined that it was fully impaired. As such, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment loss of for the balance of the Guru acquisition goodwill-provisional. 

From acquisition date through December 31, 2022, Live Current had revenue of and net income of . 
 The pro forma financial information below represents the combined results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as if the acquisition had occurred as of January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes only and is neither indicative of the results of operations that would have occurred if the acquisition had taken place at the beginning of the period presented nor indicative of future operating results. 

Earnings 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Acquisition of assets from PowerSpike: 
 On November 9, 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of its common stock to PowerSpike, Inc. ("PowerSpike") for the acquisition of net assets of PowerSpike, including all code to PowerSpike's influencer management software and all social media sites supporting the product. The fair value of the shares issued was on the date of the acquisition and the net assumed liabilities were on the date of acquisition resulting in a provisional value of recorded assets of . At December 31, 2022, the Company determined that the fair value of the net assets acquired was not recoverable and recognized an impairment of intangibles of . 
 Acquisition of Neverthink Assets 
 On June 7, 2022 the Company acquired certain software, including the code and social media assets for the video meme platform Neverthink.TV and paid approximately Euros (approximately , plus other costs of approximately 

Furniture and fixtures 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 
 () 
 
 () 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation expense totaled and , respectively. 

due to related party) 

Convertible note payable, secured, due to officer (b) 

Convertible notes payable (c 

Debt discount 
 
 () 

Total 

Convertible notes 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Convertible notes-related parties 

(a) 
 
 Convertible notes totaling issued in February 2022 and March 2022 
 On February 15, 2022 and March 28, 2022, Live Current issued convertible promissory notes for a total of in exchange for cash of , net of original issue discount of . The notes bear interest at per annum, and mature in . The notes were initially convertible into the Company's common stock at a conversion price of per share. The note issued in February 2022 totals and is secured by all of the assets of the Company, including a lien on and security interest in all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. The notes issued in March 2022 total and are unsecured. As part of the note issuances, the Company also granted the noteholders warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share for a term of from the date of issuance with an estimated relative fair value . In addition, the Company issued shares of its common stock with a fair value of to registered broker dealers and incurred other legal fees of . 

As a result of the issuance of these convertible notes payable, the Company recorded a debt discount of to account for the notes original issue discount of , direct costs incurred of and the relative fair value of the warrants of . The debt discount is being amortized over the term of the corresponding notes payable. 
 Upon completion of the Merger on April 22, 2022, the Company assumed Live Current's convertible promissory notes. On the reverse acquisition date, components of the acquired notes were as follows: 

Original issue discount 
 
 () 

Legal and brokerage fees recorded as discount 
 
 () 

Allocation of proceeds to warrants recorded as discount 
 
 () 

Allocation of proceeds to convertible notes upon issuance 

Amortization of discount to April 22, 2022 

Convertible note payable, net of discount at April 22, 2022 

In October 2022, the Company issued convertible notes with a conversion price of per share and warrants with an exercise price of per share (see below), which resulted in a down round triggering event for the notes issued in February 2022 and March 2022 and lowered the conversion price on those notes from per share to per share. The triggering event created an incremental value of , of which was treated as additional debt discount to be amortized over the remaining term of the notes, and was expensed immediately as a financing expense. Convertible note totaling issued in October 2022 On October 27, 2022, the Company issued an additional note to a note holder that was previously issued a convertible note in February 2022 (See above). The October 2022 note is for , bears interest at per annum, secured by all of the assets of the Company, and matures in . The notes have an initial conversion price into the Company's common stock of per share. In addition, the Company paid fees of as part of the note issuance. The Company issued warrants to the note holder to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share for a term of from the date of issuance. The warrant contains features that require it to be accounted for as a derivative liability (see Note 9). The fair value of the warrant derivative liability on date of issuance was which was greater than the net proceeds received from the note of . The excess amount of was recognized as interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. In total, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized in interest expense and in financing costs associated with the amortization of the debt discount on the February 2022, March 2022, and October 2022 notes. The unamortized discount balance is at December 31, 2022 and will be amortized over the next years. Accrued interest on the notes is at December 31, 2022. 

(b) 

On December 6, 2022, the Company issued a convertible note payable to its president and CEO, Mark Ollilia with a principal balance of in exchange for cash of , net of original issue discount of . The note bears interest at per annum, is secured by all of the assets of the Company, and matures in . The Company also issued warrants to the note holder to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share for a term of from the date of issuance with a relative fair value of . Upon issuance of the Notes, total debt discount of was recorded and is being amortized over the terms of the Notes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, outstanding balance of the note payable amounted to and the unamortized discount balance is . 

(c) 

At December 31, 2021, the balance of Evasyst convertible notes was and accrued interest was , including of convertible notes and of accrued interest due to related parties. In 2022, prior to the Merger, the Company issued of additional convertible notes for consulting services related to the Merger to entities associated with major shareholders of Evasyst. Prior to the Merger, the balance of Evasyst convertible notes was and accrued interest was , and the total of was converted into shares of Evasyst common stock. 

each to two related parties. The notes bear interest at , are secured by all the tangible and intangible assets of the Company, and are due on May 28, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, outstanding balance of promissory notes amounted to . 
 At December 31, 2021, the Company had two secured notes payable aggregating , including due to Mark Ollila, president of the Company. The notes were issued in 2020, accrue interest at per year, and were secured by all the assets of Evasyst. On March 6, 2022, Evasyst paid off one note payable with a principal balance of plus accrued interest of . On March 29, 2022, the note payable due to Mark Ollila with a principal balance of , and accrued interest of , or a total of , were exchanged into shares of the Company's common stock prior to the Merger. 

for the purchase of future receipts/revenues of , resulting in a debt discount of . In addition, the Company assumed a lending agreement with a net balance of related to the acquisition of Guru (See Note 3). At December 31, 2022, The unamortized discount balance on the agreements is at December 31, 2022. 

pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the "PPP") under Division A, Title I of the CARES Act, which was enacted March 27, 2020. The loan, which was in the form of a note dated May 1, 2020, had an original maturity date on April 30, 2022 and an interest rate of per annum. Under the terms of the PPP, certain amounts of the loan may be forgiven if they are used for certain qualifying expenses, as defined. In September 2021, the Company received notice that the PPP loan balance of was forgiven, and a gain on forgiveness of the CARES Act loan was recorded. 

of the warrants provide for a Black Scholes value calculation in the event of certain transactions ("Fundamental Transactions," as defined), which includes a floor on volatility utilized in the value calculation at 100 or greater. The Company has determined that this provision introduces leverage to the holders of the warrants that could result in a value that would be greater than the settlement amount of a fixed-for-fixed option on the Company's own equity shares. Accordingly, pursuant to ASC 815, the Company has classified the fair value of the warrants as a liability to be re-measured at the end of every reporting period with the change in value reported in the statement of operations. The fair value on the date of issuance was . As a derivative, the warrant is adjusted to its fair value at the end of each reporting period. During the period from the note issuance through December 31, 2022, the fair value of the warrant decreased resulting in recognition of a gain on the change in fair value of . The fair value of the warrant at December 31, 2022 is . 

Fair value of warrants were calculated using a Black-Scholes model with the following inputs: 
 
 - 

Exercise price 

Expected term 
 
 years

years

Discount rate 

Volatility 

Fair value 

Warrant liability 

. In February 2021, the Company vacated the premises and pursuant to the terms of the lease agreement was considered in default. As a result, the balance of the ROU asset of was impaired in 2021. 
 Under the lease agreement, the Company was still obligated to pay the required lease payments. At December 31, 2021, the balance of accrued rent due under the agreement was and the balance of the lease liability was . During 2022, the Company agreed to a settlement with the lessor to settle the amount due for . The Company recognized a gain on settlement of lease of to reduce total outstanding liabilities associated with the lease of in accrued rent payable and in lease liability) to . The Company is making monthly payments of in accordance with the settlement agreement. At December 31, 2022, the amount due on the settlement is . 
 In February 2022, the Company entered into a short-term lease for an office space with payments due of per month. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, rent expense of and , respectively, was recognized. 

shares of its common stock as follows: 
 Shares issued upon mergers and acquisitions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued in connection with the reverse acquisition with Live Current Media, Inc. (see Note 2). The Company also issued shares of common stock for in connection with the acquisition of Guru Experience Co (see Note 3). 
 Shares issued upon conversion of Preferred Stock 
 At December 31, 2021, Evasyst had shares of preferred stock outstanding. In April 2022, prior to the Merger, all of the outstanding shares of preferred shares were converted into shares of the Evasyst's common stock. 

Shares issued for compensation and other payables 
 On March 29, 2022, the board of directors of the Evasyst approved shares of common stock to be issued for services to Mark Ollila, CEO of Evasyst. and Justin Weissberg, Chairman of Evasyst, with a fair value of and , respectively. The shares authorized to be issued for compensation on March 29, 2022, were subsequently modified on April 20, 2022, to include vesting terms over a period of eight years. Upon completion of the Merger, all vesting of Evasyst shares were accelerated as consistent with the Company's Stock Plan. Mr. Ollila and Mr. Weissberg's compensation was calculated based upon the number of Live Current shares that each individual received upon the merger multiplied by the trading price of Live Current shares on the date of the board authorized the compensation. 
 In addition, shares with a fair value of were authorized to satisfy an outstanding promissory note and accrued interest totaling to Mr. Ollila, of accrued wages due to Mr. Ollila, accrued wages due to Mr. Weissberg, and due for shares issuable for stock options exercised. 
 In April 2022, prior to the Merger, the Company issued shares of common stock valued at to settle the above payables. 
 Shares issued upon conversion of convertible notes 
 Prior to the Merger, the balance of Evasyst convertible notes was and accrued interest was , and the total of was converted into shares of Evasyst common stock. 
 Shares issued upon exercise of options 
 At December 31, 2021, Evasyst had options outstanding exercisable into shares of common stock. In March 2022, options were exercised for total proceeds of (see shares issued for compensation and other payables above). In April 2022, prior to the Merger, the remaining outstanding options were exercised on a cashless basis. 
 
 Common stock to be issued 

At December 31, 2022, the Company has a total of shares of its common stock valued at issuable for the acquisition of assets from PowerSpike (see Note 3). 

Stock subscription receivable and related interest receivable 
 
 At December 31, 2021, the Company had a stock subscription receivable balance of with accrued interest receivable of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company determined that the receivables will not be collected and recognized a lost for the total of . 

- 

Assumed in reverse acquisition 

Exercise 
 
 () 

Expired 

Forfeited 
 
 () 

Balance December 31, 2022 

At the December 31, 2022, outstanding options expire in January 2023 and have intrinsic value of . 

- 

Assumed in reverse acquisition 

Issued in connection with convertible debt 

Exercise 

Expired 

Balance December 31, 2022 

On April 23, 2023 in connection with its reverse acquisition with Live Current (see Note 2), the Company assumed warrants to purchase of its common stock. 
 In October 2022, the Company issued warrants in connection with convertible notes payable (See Note 5). These warrants contained features that require them to be accounted for as a derivative liability (see Note 9). 
 In December 2022, the Company issued warrants issued in connection with notes payable that had a fair value of and a relative value of . Terms of these warrants did not require them to be accounted for as a derivative liability. 

shares of Cell MedX Corp ("CMXC"). of the warrants are exercisable at per shares, of the warrants are exercisable at per share, and all the warrants expire January 31, 2023. On December 31, 2022, the fair value of the warrants was . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a change in the fair value of the warrant of which is included in other income (loss) on the consolidated statement of operations. 

F-22 

as follows: 
 
 () 

Impact of state income tax 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Non-deductible (taxable) items 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total income tax provision (benefit) 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had net deferred tax assets as follows: 

Capitalized assets 

Lease liability 

Finance-related 

Valuation allowance 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Deferred tax assets 

Warrant derivative 
 
 () 

Other 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net deferred tax assets 

As management of the Company cannot determine that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefit of the deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance equal to 100 of the net deferred tax asset exists at December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately million for federal and state purposes. Utilization of the carryforwards is limited to 80 of taxable income in any given year. 
 In 2022, the Company acquired two companies that have net operating loss carryforwards. Due to limitations, it is possible that a portion of carryforward will not be available to offset the Company's future taxable income. The Company is currently assessing these potential limitations. 
 The Company has analyzed its filing positions in all jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns and found no positions that would require a liability for uncertain income tax benefits to be recognized. The Company is subject to possible tax examinations for the fiscal years 2019 through 2021. Prior year tax attributes could be adjusted by taxing authorities. If applicable, the Company will deduct interest and penalties as interest expense on the consolidated financial statements. 

million shares of its common stock with a fair value of approximately as total consideration for Gofamer. Gofamer is an influencer marketing company connecting companies/brands with creators, and enables companies/brands and creators to access in-depth data analytics from their own social media platforms, to develop and grow across multiple channels. Additionally, Gofamer gives companies/brands visibility into creators' performance across multiple social media platforms via a custom leaderboard, measuring and ranking creators' performance. C ompanies/brands who engage creators from Gofamer's platform for influencer marketing campaigns can produce and share detailed reports highlighting campaign performance within just a few clicks. 

On January 10, 2023 (as part of the October 2022 Convertible Note transaction), the Company issued a note to Oscar Borgstr m with a principal balance of that bears interest at per annum and matures in . The Company issued warrants to the note holder to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share for a term of from the date of issuance. 
 Effective January 18, 2023, the Company amended its articles of incorporation and increased the number of authorized shares of common stock, par value from shares of common stock to shares of common stock. In addition, the Company created a class of preferred stock, par value and authorized the issuance of up to shares of preferred stock. 
 The company signed a strategic advisory agreement with Maxim Investment Bank, effective March 3, 2023. The Company will issue to Maxim up to shares of the Company's common stock, including shares of Common Stock upon the execution of the agreement, and upon an uplisting of the Company's Common Stock to a national securities exchange (Nasdaq or NYSE), the lesser of (i) shares of Common Stock and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock having a market value of based upon the closing price of the Common Stock on the date of completion of such uplisting. 

F-24 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 On September 27, 2022 Dale Matheson Carr-Hilton Labonte LLP ("DMCL") resigned as the Company's independent principal accountants, and Weinberg Company, P.A. was appointed as the Company's new independent principal accountants. The information required under Item 304 of Regulation S-K was included in the Company's report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2022. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022 (the "Evaluation Date"). This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the Evaluation Date due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (SOX). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our Board of Directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an assessment of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Based on this assessment, the Company's management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Company's internal controls over financial reporting are not effective. 
 We identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses identified include (i) we do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures, including written policies and procedures to ensure the correct application of accounting and financial reporting with respect to the current requirements of U.S. GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; (ii) we had ineffective controls over the financial reporting process, and (iii) we had inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. 
 
 29 

Planned Remediation of Material Weaknesses 
 Our management has been actively engaged in developing and implementing remediation plans to address material weaknesses described above. These remediation efforts are ongoing and include or are expected to include preparation of written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures, and increasing personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 As of the Evaluation Date, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 30 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The following table sets forth the name and positions of the Company's executive officers and directors as of the date hereof. 

Name 
 Age 
 Positions 

Mark Ollila (Appointed April 22, 2022.) 
 53 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Steve Smith (Appointed April 22, 2022) 
 36 
 Chief Financial Officer 

David Jeffs (Appointed October 15, 2010) 
 53 
 President Secretary and Director 

Justin Weissberg (Appointed April 22, 2022) 
 32 
 Director 

Leslie Klinger (Appointed April 22, 2022) 
 78 
 Director 

Heidi Steiger (Appointed April 22, 2022) 
 69 
 Chair of the Board 

Annamaria Rapakko (Appointed April 22, 2022) 
 66 
 Director 

Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of the Company's executive officers and directors: 
 Mark Ollila, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer . Mr. Ollila was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors on April 22, 2022 upon completion of the acquisition of Evasyst. Prior to his appointment as CEO and a director of our Company, Mr. Ollila had acted as CEO and a director of Evasyst since October 31 st , 2018. Before joining Evasyst as CEO, Mr. Ollila established a twenty-year legacy of accomplishments as a senior executive and board member throughout the computer gaming, nanotechnology, internet, software, media technology industries. Mr. Ollila was Chief of Staff and VP New Product Innovation at Verve Wireless Inc. from 2015 to 2017 where he was responsible for new product development. At Nokia, over an 8 year period from 2006 to 2014, Mr. Ollila played an integral role in the development and rollout of Nokia's services and also its long-term technology roadmap and innovation portfolio for smart devices starting as Director of Games Strategy and Industry Marketing and attaining the role of Senior Director, Long Term Technology Roadmap and Innovation Portfolio. Mr. Ollila led Nokia's first-party publishing business (games), video photo sharing business, achieving a global reach in the hundreds of millions. Mr. Ollila was also a core member of Nokia's deal team for Nokia's and Microsoft's strategic agreement in 2011. In addition, Mr. Ollila has held numerous board and advisory positions including, Imagine Intelligent Materials (Independent Director), Blind Squirrel Games (Independent Director), EvoNexus (Member of Selection Committee), Adverty (Advisory Board member), Pyze (Advisory Board member), Kadho (Advisory Board member), Kin Wellness (Independent Director), advisory board of the Game Developers Conference (Mobile), board member of the EMEA Chapter of the Mobile Ecosystem Forum and Chairman of the Board of Physics Middleware provider Meqon Research AB (acquired by Ageia and now an integral part of the NVIDIA PhysX solution) and is a member of Southern California's start-up incubator EvoNexus's selection committee. Mr. Ollila has a PhD in Computer Science and an MBA from London Business School. 
 
 31 

Steve Smith, Chief Financial Officer . Mr. Smith was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on April 22, 2022 upon completion of the acquisition of Evasyst. Mr. Smith is a serial entrepreneur, starting his first venture in college, an online poker site, and has founded other businesses in social gaming and clean-tech. His finance career began after college as a Financial Analyst at Wells Fargo and continued through his own startups where he developed a keen talent for structuring fundraises. Mr. Smith has worked with over 40 startups as an independent consultant, sits on 2 advisory boards, and has significant experience in arranging debt financings. Mr. Smith graduated from the University of Arizona, Eller Business College. He previously held positions as Senior Advisor for Lance Capital, LLC (March 2021 - March 2022), Director of Finance for Scepter, Inc (March 2021-March 2022), and was CFO for Iteros, Inc (April 2016-Sept 2018). 
 David Jeffs, President, Secretary and Director . Mr. Jeffs has been the President of our Company and a member of our Board of Directors since October 2010. Prior to the Evasyst acquisition, Mr. Jeffs had been the Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer and Secretary of Live Current Media Inc. He was also the Chief Executive Officer of the Company from July 2002 through May 2007 and the President and a director of the Company from July 2002 through September 2007. During his first tenure as CEO of Live Current, the Company was recognized as one of the fastest growing companies in British Columbia for three years running by Business in Vancouver magazine and as one of the fastest growing companies in Canada for two years in a row by Profit500 magazine. Prior to his position with Live Current Media, Mr. Jeffs was the president and director of a private corporation trading in consumer goods products. Mr. Jeffs graduated from the University of British Columbia with a Bachelor of Arts where he majored in economics. 
 Justin Weissberg, Chief Game Officer Director . Mr. Weissberg was appointed as a member of our board of directors on April 22, 2022 upon completion of the acquisition of Evasyst. Prior to the Company's acquisition of Evasyst, Mr. Weissberg acted as the Chairman and President of Evasyst. Mr. Weissberg co-founded Evasyst in 2018 and is steering the development of Kast. A former professional gamer turned entrepreneur; he competed in the esports space from 2005 to 2013 playing titles like Call of Duty 4, Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2, World of Warcraft, and Dota 2. Mr. Weissberg has a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the University of California, Santa Cruz. 
 Leslie Klinger, Director . Mr. Klingler was appointed as a member of our board of directors on April 22, 2022 upon completion of the acquisition of Evasyst. An attorney with more than fifty years of experience in the fields of tax, estate planning, and business law, Klinger spent the first half of his career in large law firms. In 1993, he co-founded Kopple, Klinger Elbaz, LLP, which represents many family-owned businesses and their owners, a wide range of creators in various entertainment media, and executives of major entertainment companies. He serves on several nonprofit organizations' boards and served for more than 10 years as the treasurer for two such organizations. 
 Heidi Steiger, Chairman/Director . Ms. Steiger was appointed as a member of our board of directors on April 22, 2022 upon completion of the acquisition of Evasyst. Former C-suite executive with 14 years' independent director experience on boards of all sizes, both public private. Heidi spent most of her career at Neuberger Berman, NY, where she led the firm's IPO and sale. She also spent 2 years as Editor of Worth magazine. Other roles include president of a 100-year old family office, investment banker for Bershire Securities, and President of the Eastern half of the Private Bank for US Bank. Industry boards have included financial services, payments, insurance, energy and nuclear, utilities, defense and retailing. Since November 2018 she has been on the board of Fidelity Investments/Fidelity Strategic Advisors, Boston, MA (chair of Audit, Risk Cybersecurity Committee). 
 Annamaria Rapakko, Director . Dr. Rapakko was appointed as a member of our board of directors on April 22, 2022 upon completion of the acquisition of Evasyst. Dr. Rapakko is a financial expert, and a seasoned business executive with a proven track record in leading teams successfully to implement strategic business initiatives retiring from PwC in 2017 as a Senior Partner in the Specialty Tax Practice. She is an expert in finance, audit, cross-border transactions, M A, and international expansion / global structuring, particularly in the technology and life science industries. Annamaria has served as an independent director on a number of private for profit and non-profit companies. She is an angel investor and a business advisor helping tech companies with regard to their global footprint and expansion and tax strategy. She recently worked as an Entrepreneur-In-Residence at PwC (PricewaterhouseCoopers) New Ventures leading a new business venture for a SaaS product in the state tax area. 
 
 32 

Dr. Rapakko has over 30 year's experience as a business leader, and has worked with a variety of public and private companies, advising on accounting and tax strategies, international expansion, global corporate structuring, due diligence, corporate mergers and acquisitions, IPO's, and stock option plans. During her years as an advisor, Dr. Rapakko developed deep expertise in the technology and life science industries. She rendered financial advice to over 300 companies in Silicon Valley. At PwC in Silicon Valley, for over 20 years, Dr. Rapakko, as a senior partner, led the Specialty Tax Practice and grew the International Tax Practice from ground up. She had P/L level responsibility for the operations of these divisions. Dr. Rapakko was an integral member of the leadership team at the PwC tax practice in Silicon Valley and was responsible for short-term and long-term market strategies. 
 Prior to joining PwC, Dr. Rapakko had her own cross-border finance and tax advisory practice. She also taught at Rovaniemi Law School and Helsinki Business School as an associate law professor. Additionally, she served as a District Court judge in Finland. Dr. Rapakko holds a J.S.D. (Doctor of the Science of Law) degree from Stanford Law School, an M.B.A degree from Turku Business School (Finland) and a J.D. degree from University of Turku, Law School (Finland). She has completed Director Development Program at Kellogg School of Management, and Directors' College Program at Stanford Law School, Rock Center for Corporate Governance. 
 Term Of Office 
 The Company's directors are elected to hold office until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and until their respective successors have been elected and qualified. The Company's executive officers are appointed by its board of directors and hold office until removed by its board of directors or until their successors are appointed. 
 Other Significant Employees 
 Other than the Company's executive officers, the Company does not have any significant employees. 
 Audit Committee 
 The Company does not currently have a separately designated audit committee. As such, the Company's entire board of directors acts as its audit committee. The Company's board of directors has determined that Mrs. Rapakko qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as that term is defined in Item 407(d) of Regulation SK. The OTCQB Marketplace, where the Company's securities are traded, does not have independence requirements. In determining independence, the Company has applied the definition set out in NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2). Mrs. Rapakko meets the qualifications for independence set forth in that rule. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our officers and directors which is a "code of ethics" as defined by applicable rules of the SEC. If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics other than technical, administrative, or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of our Code of Ethics to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, or certain other finance executives, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies in a current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. A copy of our Code of Ethics is attached as an exhibit to this Annual Report. 
 DELINQUENT SECTION 16(a) REPORTS 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our securities ("Reporting Persons"), to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Based solely on our review of the reports electronically filed by the Reporting Persons, the Company has determined that the following persons have failed to file, on a timely basis, the reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021: 
 
 33 

Name and Principal Position 
 Number of Late Insider Reports 
 Transactions Not Timely Reported 
 Known Failures to File a Required Form 

Ollila Family Trust Dated June 18, 2018 
 1 
 1 
 Nil 

Heidi Steiger 
 1 
 1 
 Nil 

Seraph Living Trust 
 1 
 1 
 Nil 

Leslie Klinger 
 2 
 2 
 Nil 

Annamaria Rapakko 
 1 
 1 
 Nil 

Steve Smith 
 1 
 1 
 Nil 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth the total compensation paid or accrued to the Company's named executive officers, as that term is defined in Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K, during its last two completed fiscal years. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name Principal Position 

Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock Awards 
 ) 

Option Awards 
 ) 

Non- Equity Incentive Plan Compen- sation ) 

Nonqualified Deferred Compen- sation Earnings 
 ) 

All Other Compen- sation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Mark Ollila (1) 
 CEO 

2021 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

2022 

205,619 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

205,619 

Steve Smith (2) 
 CFO 

2021 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

2022 

139,951 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

139,951 

David Jeffs 
 President Secretary and Director 

2021 

120,000 

0 

0 

59,826 

0 

0 

0 

179,826 

2022 

172,482 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

172,2482 

Justin Weissberg 
 Director and CGO 

2021 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

2022 

105,823 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

105,823 

Notes: 
 (1) Mr. Ollila was appointed as an executive officer and director of the Company on April 22, 2022. Mr. Ollila has committed to a full-time employment contract with the Company with a 2-year term and a base salary of 325,000 per annum with a bonus opportunity of 100 to 167 of his base salary subject to meeting certain milestones and subject to board approval. Severance of 12 months salary shall be payable in the event Mr. Ollila chooses to resign with reason or is terminated without cause, with the exception that if Mr. Ollila's employment with the Company is terminated without cause in the first 12 months of his employment term, severance rises to 24 months' salary. 
 (2) Mr. Smith was appointed as an executive officer of the Company on April 22, 2022. has committed to a full-time employment contract with the Company at will and with a base salary of 200,000 per annum and a bonus opportunity of 50 of his base salary subject to meeting certain milestones as determined by the board and subject to board approval. 
 
 34 

(3) Mr. Jeffs has committed to a full-time employment contract with the Company with a 2-year term and a base salary of 200,000 per annum with a bonus opportunity of 100 of his base salary subject to meeting certain milestones as determined by the board and subject to board approval. Severance of 12 months shall be payable in the event Mr. Jeffs chooses to resign with reason or is terminated without cause. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not have a written compensation arrangement in place with Mr. Jeffs. However, the Company verbally agreed to compensate Mr. Jeffs at a rate of 120,000 per year. 
 (4) Mr. Weissberg was appointed as a director of the Company on April 22, 2022. Mr. Weissberg has committed to a full-time employment contract with the Company and base salary of 150,000 per annum with a bonus opportunity of 100 of his base salary subject to meeting certain milestones as determined by the board and subject to board approval. Severance of 12 months shall be payable in the event Mr. Weissberg chooses to resign with reason or is terminated without cause. 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 
 The following table provides information concerning unexercised options for each of our named executive officers, as that term is defined in Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K as of our fiscal year end of December 31, 2022. 

Name and Position 
 No. of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 No. of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Vest Date 
 Option Expiration Date 

David Jeffs 
 1,000,000 
 None. 
 0.10 
 Jan. 8, 2021 
 Jan. 8, 2023 

Director Compensation 
 The following table sets forth the compensation paid to our directors during our December 31, 2022 fiscal year, other than directors who were also named executive officers as that term is defined in Item 402(m)(2). Compensation paid to directors who were also named executive officers during our December 31, 2022 fiscal year is set out in the tables above. 

Name 

Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 ) 

Stock Awards 
 ) 

Option Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 ) 

All Other Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Heidi Steiger 

22,500 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

22,500 

Annamaria Rapakko 

22,500 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

22,500 

Leslie Klinger 

22,500 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

22,500 

Amir Vahabzadeh 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

John da Costa 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Notes: 
 (1) Mr. Vahabzadeh was granted 200,000 options exercisable at a price of 0.10 per share, expiring January 8, 2023. The options granted to Mr. Vahabzadeh expired 30 days after he ceased to act as a director of the Company. 
 (2) Mr. da Costa was granted 200,000 options exercisable at a price of 0.10 per share, expiring January 8, 2023. The options granted to Mr. da Costa expired 30 days after he ceased to act as a director of the Company. 
 
 35 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 The Company's Compensation Committee is comprised of Heidi Steiger (Chair), Annamaria Rapakko, and Leslie Klinger. The Board of Directors reviews the recommendations from the Compensation Committee with regard to the compensation of the directors and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on an annual basis. To make its recommendations on the compensation of directors and the Chief Executive Officer, the Compensation Committee takes into account the types of compensation and the amounts paid to officers and directors of comparable publicly traded companies. More recently the Compensation Committee engaged third party compensation consulting firm, Compensia, to provide a review of the market and current trends in compensation to ensure the Company's compensation arrangements are competitive. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning all equity compensation plans previously approved by stockholders and all previous equity compensation plans not previously approved by stockholders, as of December 31, 2022, our most recent fiscal year end. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) 
 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in column (a)) (c) 

Equity Compensation Plans Approved By Security Holders 
 None 
 Not Applicable 
 None 

Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 
 1,000,000 
 0.10 
 4,000,000 

2018 Stock Option Plan 
 On November 28, 2018, our board of directors approved and adopted the Company's 2018 Stock Option Plan (the "Plan"). The purpose of the Plan is to enhance long-term shareholder value by offering the Company's directors, officers, employees and eligible consultants the ability to acquire and maintain stock ownership in the Company and to participate in the Company's future growth. 
 The Plan allows the board to grant awards to officers, directors, employees and certain eligible consultants. To be eligible for grants under the Plan, consultants must be individuals who (1) render bona fide services to the Company not connected to the offer or sale of the Company's securities in capital raising transactions, and (2) do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company's securities. 
 Initially, up to 5,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock may be purchased pursuant to options granted under the Plan. After March 31, 2019, the Board may increase the shares of common stock that may be purchased under the Plan, provided that the total number of shares that may be purchased under the Plan cannot exceed 15 of the total number of shares outstanding, less any options outstanding under previous stock option plans. 
 
 36 

Awards under the Plan may be granted in the form of incentive stock options or non-qualified stock options. Incentive stock options granted under the Plan are those intended to qualify as "incentive stock options" as defined under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"). To qualify as "incentive stock options" under Section 422 of the Code, the Plan must be approved by the stockholders of the Company within 12 months of its adoption. If the Plan is not approved by the Company's stockholders within 12 months of its adoption, any options granted as "incentive stock options" will be treated as "non-qualifying stock options". Non-qualified stock options granted under the Plan are option grants that do not qualify as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code. 
 The exercise price for incentive stock options granted under the Plan cannot be less than the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant (110 of fair market value for optionees that own 10 of the combined voting power of the Company). Non-qualified stock options may not have an exercise price less than 75 of fair market value at the time of grant. "Fair market value" for purposes of the Plan is defined as the lesser of the closing price of the Company's common stock on the day immediately preceding the date of grant, and the average closing price of the Company's common stock during the ten trading days immediately preceding the grant date, provided that the Company's common stock trades on a national securities exchange or the OTC Link system (maintained by OTC Markets Group Inc.). If the Company's common stock does not trade on the OTC Link or a national securities exchange in the United States, the Board may determine fair market value, acting in good faith. 
 Options granted under the Plan have a maximum term of ten years from the grant date, or such lesser period as determined by the Board. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of common shares owned beneficially as of [NTD. Most recent practicable date prior to filing.] by: (i) each person (including any group) known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of the Company's voting securities, (ii) each of its directors, (iii) each of its named executive officers; and (iv) officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the shareholders listed possess sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

Title of Class 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Common Shares (1) 

Directors and Officers 

Common Stock 
 Mark Ollila 
 20,193,613 (2) Indirect 
 12.6 

Common Stock 
 Steve Smith 
 50,257 Direct 
 (3) Direct 
 6.4 

Common Stock 
 Justin Weissberg 
 26,700,365 (4) Indirect 
 16.6 

Common Stock 
 Leslie Klinger 
 226,406 (5) Direct 
 (6) Direct and Indirect 
 3.0 

Common Stock 
 Annamaria Rappako 
 Nil 
 N/A 

All Officers and Directors as a Group 
 60,605,808 Direct 
 37.3 

5 Shareholders 

None. 

37 

Notes: 
 (1) Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the number of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person's actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of its shares actually outstanding on April 17,2023. As of April 17, 2023, there were 160,631,229 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 
 (2) Consists of 20,193,6131,124,500 shares held by The Ollila Family Trust Dated June 18, 2018, of which Mr. Ollila and his spouse have voting and investment power. 
 (3) Consists of 8,534,403 shares directly held, 1,000,000 held byare registered in the names of immediate family members forsharing the benefit ofsame address as Mr. Jeffs and 1,000,000 options exercisable at 0.10 per share. 
 (4) Consists of 26,700,365 shares held by The Seraph Living Trust, of which Mr. Weissberg is the trustee. 
 (5) Consists of 187,436 shares of (3) Includes options to purchase 1,000,000 shares of our common stock, 79,411 shares of common stock issuable upon the at an exercise of convertible notes in the principal amount of 27,000 at a conversion price of 0.3410 per share and due on March 28, 2024, and 59,588. 
 (4) Includes options to purchase 200,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon theat an exercise price of warrants exercisable at 0.6010 per share and expiring March 28, 2027. 
 (6) Consists of 3,150,174 shares of common stock, 952,941 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of convertible notes in the principal amount of 324,000 at a conversion price of 0.34 per share and due on March 28, 2024, and 714,705 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants exercisable at 0.60 per share and expiring March 28, 2027. 
 Changes in Control 
 As of the date of this report, the Company is not aware of any arrangements that are likely to result in a change in control of the Company. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Related Transactions 
 None of the following parties has, during the Company's last two fiscal years, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction with us or in any presently proposed transaction that has or will materially affect us, in which the Company is a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the Company's total assets for the last two completed fiscal years: 
 (i) Any of its directors or officers; 
 (ii) Any person proposed as a nominee for election as a director; 
 (iii) Any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 10 of the voting rights attached to its outstanding common shares; 
 (iv) Any of its promoters; and 
 (v) Any relative or spouse of any of the foregoing persons who has the same house as such person. 
 
 38 

Mark Ollila, the CEO of the Company, participated in the Company's October 2022 Convertible Note Offering. For an aggregate purchase price of 100,000, Mr. Ollila purchased October 2022 Convertible Notes having an original principal amount of 115,000 and October 2022 Warrants entitling him to purchase up to 607,500 shares of the Company's common stock. See "Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities" for additional details regarding the October 2022 Convertible Note Offering. 
 Amir Vahabzadeh, a former director of the Company, participated in the Company's March 2022 Convertible Note Offering. For an aggregate purchase price of 255,000, Mr. Vahabzadeh purchased March 2022 Convertible Notes having an original principal amount of 275,400 and March 2022 Warrants entitling him to purchase up to 607,500 shares of the Company's common stock. See "Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities" for additional details regarding the March 2022 Convertible Note Offering. 
 Prior to her appointment as a director of the Company, Heidi Steiger, now a director of the Company, participated in the Company's March 2022 Convertible Note Offering. For an aggregate purchase price of 300,000, Ms. Steiger purchased March 2022 Convertible Notes having an original principal amount of 324,000 and March 2022 Warrants entitling her to purchase up to 714,705 shares of the Company's common stock. See "Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities" for additional details regarding the March 2022 Convertible Note Offering. 
 In November and December 2022, the Company issued two note agreements for 25,000 each, one to Heidi Steiger, and the other to Annamaria Rapakko. The notes bear interest at 18 and are due originally in the first quarter of 2023, however are now extended to second quarter of 2023. As of December 31, 2022, outstanding balance of promissory notes amounted to 50,000. 
 Director Independence 
 Quotations for the Company's common stock are currently entered on the OTC QB marketplace, which does not have director independence requirements. In determining whether any of its directors are independent, the Company has applied the definition for "Independent Directors" set out in NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2). In applying this definition, the Company has determined that Heidi Steiger, Leslie Klinger and Annamaria Rapakko are independent directors. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The aggregate fees billed for the two most recently completed fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal periods were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Audit Fees 

114,769 

17,000 

Audit-Related Fees 

10,500 

Tax Fees 

9,000 

4,000 

All Other Fees 

Total 

114,769 

31,500 

Our board of directors annually reviews the qualifications of Weinberg and Company, P.A, prior to engaging them as our auditors in accordance with Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(A) of Regulation S-X. 
 
 39 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit Number 
 Description of Exhibit 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation (1) 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles - Name Change to Communicate com Inc. (1) 

3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles - Increase in Authorized Capital to 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value of 0.001 1) 

3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles - Name Change to Live Current Media, Inc. (1) 

3.5 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles - Increase in Authorized Capital to 850,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 6 

3.6 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (1) 

10.1 
 2018 Stock Option Plan 2) 

10.2 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Live Current Media, Inc. and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC dated February 15, 2022 3 

10.3 
 Registration Rights Agreement between Live Current Media, Inc. and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC dated February 15, 2022 3 

10.4 
 Security Agreement between Live Current Media, Inc. and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC dated February 15, 2022 3 

10.5 
 Amendment Agreement between Live Current Media, Inc. and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund LLC dated October 27, 2022 (4) 

10.6 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Live Current Media, Inc. and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC dated October 27, 2022 (4) 

10.7 
 Registration Rights Agreement between Live Current Media, Inc. and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC dated February 15, 2022 (4) 

14.1 
 Code of Ethics (2) 

21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 5 

23.1 
 Consent of Weinberg Company, P.A. 

23.2 
 Consent of Dale Matheson Carr-Hilton Labonte LLP 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL documentXBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Notes: 
 (1) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, originally filed on February 1, 2018. 
 (2) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K. filed on December 12, 2018. 
 (3) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2022. 
 (4) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2022. 
 (5) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on July 15, 2022. 
 (6) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2023. 
 Certain information in these exhibits has been omitted because it is both not material and is of the type of information the registrant treats as private or confidential. 
 
 40 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Live Current Media, Inc. 

Date: 
 April 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ MARK OLLILA 

MARK OLLILA 

Chief Executive Officer, 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: 
 April 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ MARK OLLILA 

MARK OLLILA 

Chief Executive Officer, 

(Principal Executive Officer) and Director 

Date: 
 April 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ STEVE SMITH 

STEVE SMITH 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: 
 April 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ HEIDI STEIGER 

HEIDI STEIGER 

Director and Chair of the Board 

Date: 
 April 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David Jeffs 

DAVID JEFFS 

Director 

Date: 
 April 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ JUSTIN WEISSBERG 

JUSTIN WEISSBERG 

Director 

Date: 
 April 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ LESLIE KLINGER 

LESLIE KLINGER 

Director 

Date: 
 April 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ ANNAMARIA RAPAKKO 

ANNAMARIA RAPAKKO 

Director 

41 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 exhibit23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Live Current Media Inc.: Exhibit 23.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (File No. 333-266177) on Form S-1, and the Registration Statement (File No. 333-229168) on Form S-8 of Live Current Media Inc. of our report dated April 21, 2023, (which report includes an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company's ability to continue as a going concern), with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Live Current Media Inc. as of December 31, 2022, and for the year then ended, included in this Annual Report on Form-10K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 /s/Weinberg Company, P.A. 
 Los Angeles, California 
 April 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 exhibit23-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

Live Current Media Inc.: Exhibit 23.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (file no. 333-229168) and the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-266177) of our report dated July 8, 2022, (which report includes an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company's ability to continue as a going concern), with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Live Current Media Inc. (formerly Evasyst Inc.) (the "Company") for the year ended December 31, 2021 which appears in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the United States Securities and Exchange commission on April 21, 2023. 
 /s/ DMCL 
 DALE MATHESON CARR-HILTON LABONTE LLP Chartered Accountants 
 Vancouver, Canada April 21, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Live Current Media Inc.: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Mark Ollila, certify that; 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Live Current Media, Inc.; 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 (4) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 (5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: April 21, 2023 

/s/ MARK OLLILA 

By: 
 Mark Ollila 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Live Current Media Inc.: Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Steve Smith, certify that; 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Live Current Media, Inc.; 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 (4) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 (5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: April 21, 2023 

/s/ STEVE SMITH 

By: 
 Steve Smith 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Live Current Media Inc.: Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Mark Ollila, the Chief Executive Officer of Live Current Media, Inc. (the "Company"), hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (i) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and to which this certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ MARK OLLILA 

Name: 
 MARK OLLILA 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 April 21, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Live Current Media Inc.: Exhibit 32.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Steve Smith, the Chief Financial Officer of Live Current Media, Inc. (the "Company"), hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (i) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and to which this certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ STEVE SMITH 

Name: 
 STEVE SMITH 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: 
 April 21, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 livc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 livc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 livc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 livc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

