<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230628_10-K_edgar_data_1847846_0001493152-23-022805.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10926370</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>399751</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1936945</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3200571</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2222257</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2872492</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-022805.hdr.sgml : 20230628
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230628171551
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-022805
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		129
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230628
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230628

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EUDA Health Holdings Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847846
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HEALTH SERVICES [8000]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40678
		FILM NUMBER:		231053170

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O 6 EU TONG SEN STREET
		STREET 2:		#08-13 THE CENTRAL
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			059817
		BUSINESS PHONE:		65 67880388

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O 6 EU TONG SEN STREET
		STREET 2:		#08-13 THE CENTRAL
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			059817

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	8i Acquisition 2 Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210224

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-022805.txt : 20230628

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________ to ___________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

British
 Virgin Islands 
 
 n/a 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

(Address
of principal executive offices and Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of 8i Acquisition 2 Corp., our predecessor, as of
January 31, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately 
million, based on the closing price on that day of 9.745. As of June 19, 2023, there were ordinary shares outstanding. 

Frequently
used terms 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report or Form 10-K ), or the context otherwise
requires, references to we, us, our EUDA or the Company 
are to EUDA Health Holdings Limited, a British Virgin Islands exempt company and references to: 

8i means 8i Acquisition 2 Corp., a BVI business company that
changed its name to EUDA Health Holdings Limited after the Business Combination. 

Board means the board of directors of 8i prior to the Closing,
and the board of directors of the Company following the Closing. 

Business
 Combination means the transactions contemplated under the SPA relating to the Share Purchase. 

Charter 
 are to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November
 17, 2022. 

Closing 
 means the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Closing
 Date means November 17, 2022, the date of the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Code 
 means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

EHL means EUDA Health Limited, a British Virgin Islands business
company. 

Exchange
 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Founder
 Shares means the outstanding Ordinary Shares held by the Initial Shareholders since November 24, 2021. 

GAAP 
 means accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Initial
 Stockholders means our Sponsor and all of our officers and directors who hold our Ordinary Shares. 

IPO 
 means 8i s initial public offering. 

Nasdaq 
 means The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 

SEC 
 means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities
 Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Sponsor 
 means 8i Holdings 2 Pte Ltd, a Singapore limited liability company. 

Units 
 means 8i units, each consisting of one ordinary share, one redeemable warrant, and one right to receive one-tenth of an ordinary
 share upon consummation of the Business Combination. 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act,
and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include this statement for purposes of complying with
these safe harbor provisions. 

This
document contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to our financial condition, results of operations and business, plans,
objectives and strategies. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical
or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as estimate, project, predict, 
 will, would, should, could, may, might, anticipate, 
 plan, intend, believe, expect, aim, goal, target, 
 objective, commit, advance, likely or similar expressions that convey the prospective
nature of events or outcomes. There are several factors which could cause actual plans and results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied in forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to: 

We
 are an early-stage company with a history of losses and expect to incur significant expenses for the foreseeable future. 

A
 significant amount of our revenues is derived from a limited number of customers. A substantial portion of our current revenue is
 generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of uncertainties, challenges, and risks. 

If
 we fail to effectively manage our growth, we may not be able to design, develop, manufacture, market, and launch new generations
 of our robotic systems successfully. 

Our
 operating and financial projections rely on management assumptions and analyses. If these assumptions or analyses prove to be incorrect,
 our actual operating results may be materially different from our forecasted results. 

Our
 business plans require a significant amount of capital. Our future capital needs may require us to sell additional equity or debt
 securities that may dilute our stockholders or introduce covenants that may restrict our operations or ability to pay dividends. 

We
 will incur significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as a public company, which could have a material adverse effect
 on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

ii 

We
 may be unable to access sufficient capital needed to fund and grow our business. 

We
 operate in a competitive industry that is subject to rapid technological change, and we expect competition to increase. 

Our
 financial results may vary significantly from period to period due to fluctuations in our operating costs, product demand and other
 factors. 

We
 have yet to achieve positive operating cash flow and, given our projected funding needs, our ability to generate positive cash flow
 is uncertain. 

Because
 we became a public reporting company by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering, our stockholders may
 face additional risks and uncertainties. 

The
 market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile, and shareholders may lose some or all of their investment. 

Volatility
 in our share price could subject us to securities class action litigation. 

Our
 management team has limited skills and experience related to managing a public company. 

We
 incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to
 new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 

Our
 stock price may continue to fluctuate. 

These
and other factors could cause actual results to differ from those implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of performance and speak only as of the date hereof. The forward-looking statements are based on the current and reasonable
expectations of our management but are inherently subject to uncertainties and changes in circumstances and their potential effects and
speak only as of the date of such statements. There can be no assurance that future developments will be those that have been anticipated
or that we will achieve or realize these plans, intentions or expectations. 

All
forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing
cautionary statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

In
addition, statements of belief and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are
based upon information available to us as of the date of this filing, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis
for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted
an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and
investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 

iii 

SUMMARY
RISK FACTORS 

The
risk factors described below are a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us. These are not the only
risks we face. The below summary is qualified in its entirety by that more complete discussion of such risks and uncertainties found
in Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with the risk factors set forth in
 Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other reports and documents filed by us with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

We are not currently in compliance with the continued listing standards
of Nasdaq and may not be able to regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing standards in the future. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains
an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability continue as a going concern. 

The digital health industry is relatively young, is currently in its early
growth stages and is still evolving, and if it develops towards a mature stage more slowly than we expect, if it encounters a pessimistic
outlook or if our services are not competitive, the growth of our business will be adversely affected. 

Our
 short operating history and the rapidly evolving nature of the industry make it difficult to assess our success and predict the risks
 and challenges it may encounter. 

We
 will require additional funding through sale of either debt or equity securities to support its continuing operations and growth
 of business, and such funding may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and that may adversely impact our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and growth potential 

We
 rely on our corporate clients for a significant portion of its revenue, the loss of which would have a material adverse effect on
 our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
 rely heavily on technology services provided by third parties and its own systems for providing services to clients and members,
 and any failure or interruption in these services could expose us to litigation and negatively impact relationships with clients,
 its reputation, brand and business. 

Our
 sales and implementation cycle can be long and unpredictable and requires considerable time and expenses, which may cause our results
 of operations to fluctuate. 

The
 digital health industry faces evolving government regulations, and failure to comply with these changes may result in increased costs
 or adversely affect our results of operations. 

If
 our security measures fail to ensure protection of clients data, services may be deemed insecure and as a result w could incur
 significant liabilities, reputational harm, and loss of sales and clients. 

We
 previously identified material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in the Company s internal control over financial reporting,
 and if we are unable to achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, this could have a material adverse
 effect on our business. 

We
 are not currently in compliance with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq and may not be able to regain compliance with Nasdaq s
 continued listing standards in the future. 

Because
 we have become a public reporting company by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering, our stockholders
 may face additional risks and uncertainties. 

We
 are not currently in compliance with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq and may not be able to regain compliance with Nasdaq s
 continued listing standards in the future. 

The
 market price of our Common Stock is likely to be highly volatile, and you may lose some or all of your investment. 

Volatility
 in our share price could subject us to securities class action litigation. 

We
 may redeem unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to stockholders, thereby making Public Warrants
 worthless. 

For
a more complete discussion of the material risk factors relevant to us, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

iv 

EUDA
HEALTH HOLDINGS LIMITED 

ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 14 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 32 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 32 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 32 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 32 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 33 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 48 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 48 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 49 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosures
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 49 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 50 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 54 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 55 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 57 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 60 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 61 
 
 Signatures 
 
 64 

v 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

EUDA s
mission is to make high-quality, personalized healthcare affordable and accessible for all its patients. It aims to provide one stop
healthcare and wellness services through its proprietary platform, EUDA. EUDA currently has operations in Singapore and has plans to
expand across Southeast Asia. Its operations in Singapore includes provision of medical urgent care and property management services. 

In
January 2020, EUDA acquired 100 of the equity interests in Super Gateway Group Limited SGGL ), a property management service
company that services shopping malls, business office building, or residential apartments. EUDA aimed to build an Omni-channel health
care and products platform in economies of scale and cross-sell opportunities and allows our management services section to expand into
new and different verticals of management services in the medical field. 

Headquartered
in Singapore and established in 2019, EUDA aims to be a leading next-generation Southeast Asian healthcare-technology provider, integrating
a full continuum of healthcare services with healthcare data analytics to drive high-quality and efficient care for their patients. The
proprietary platform, EUDA, is its core holistic, connected platform, through which it also offers a mobile application platform for
its users. What makes EUDA unique is the integration of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML), which provides real-time
actionable analytics functionality that enables EUDA s users to make quick analysis and accurate diagnosis as well as business
decisions. The platform gathers numerous data points and performs predictive analysis, where it can compare events and results over time
to identify trends across various segments and provide accurate insights, analysis, and predictions regarding healthcare. Its AI applications
supported on the EUDA platform include smart triage, smart match, smart claims supports and image recognition, as well as predictive
algorithms that can read and analyze MRIs and X-rays. EUDA s robust unique proprietary technology platform reduces the time taken
for diagnostics yet continues to promote standardization of diagnostics, which effectively eliminates inefficiencies. Through EUDA s
software platform, it aims to deliver data-driven, personalized quality insights to patients while they are at the doctor s office
in order to provide them with different healthcare and treatment choices. 

EUDA
aims to provide a series of products and services through its network and offer an array of complementary products and services to deepen
their relationship with its members from assessing the condition, evaluating the risk level to providing personalized support services. 

EUDA
markets and promotes its Medical Urgent Care services to healthcare provider organizations throughout Singapore using a go-to-market
and direct sales organization composed of highly trained and technical team members that are segmented into several highly targeted and
coordinated teams. These dedicated sales teams develop content and identifies prospects that the sales development team research and
qualify to generate high-grade, actionable sales programs. EUDA s sales and marketing department leverages on their deep experience
to deliver an urgent care solution tailor-fit to the size and specialty of each practice. Through this targeted, coordinated approach,
EUDA is able to maximize resource allocation and allow its sales teams to concentrate on execution. 

EUDA
utilizes both an inside and outside direct sales force to execute on the qualified marketing programs, partnering with client services
to ensure the prospect is educated on the breadth of EUDA s capabilities and demonstrable value proposition. Medical and clinical
partners also play an important role in marketing and selling EUDA s products to its customer base. These partners may shorten
the sales cycle and lower the customer acquisition costs. For example, through the Clinic Management System (CMS) partners, EUDA is able
to embed its technology into existing health system technology infrastructure which, as a competitive differentiator, may lead to a higher
win rate. 

EUDA s
sales and marketing department is primarily responsible for planning and developing its overall marketing strategy, conducting market
research, coordinating the sales and marketing activities to attract new customers and maintain and strengthen relationships with existing
customers, managing the efforts in relation to tender bids and negotiating the terms of EUDA s Property Management Service and
Security Service contracts. The team will explore and establish information channels for business development and market research purposes.
Such information channels include websites or other platforms on which property developers or property owners associations announce
tender opportunities, uncovering business opportunities by way of recommendation or frequent communication with customers and other industry
players, and organizing promotional events to showcase EUDA s service offerings. 

1 

Furthermore,
EUDA implements various incentive measures to encourage the sales teams to obtain property management service contracts of properties
developed by third-party developers through research and analysis of and communication with target customers in the real estate industry
and taking advantage of EUDA s resources and expertise. In addition, various communication channels are adopted to explore more
opportunities to provide EUDA s Property Management Services that are customized and tailored to the specific localities to bring
convenience to local property owners and residents. EUDA continually seeks business cooperation opportunities with third-party merchants
to enhance the width and depth of its services. 

Revenues
from EUDA s property management services decreased from approximately 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately
 3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Currently, we do not have any property management services provided to any medical
clinics. EUDA generates revenue primarily from services in connection with medical services fees and property management service fees.
Medical services fees are generally derived from specialty medical visits in which EUDA acts as a principal connecting physicians to
patients. Property management service fees are obtained from contractually recurring revenue from common area management and security
management services which it provides to retail and residential properties. 

Management
believes that EUDA s platform will eventually provide a full continuum of healthcare services integrated with healthcare data analytics
to drive improved outcomes for patients. To achieve this, EUDA aims to continuously build towards a consumer-centric digital ecosystem
to allow clients and patients to gain access to quality healthcare while keeping costs affordable. EUDA incorporates AI and ML on the
platform and implements relevant solutions to a wide variety of healthcare and homecare services that it currently provides. AI-driven
advancement will be increasingly visible throughout the healthcare journey including a strong potential for interactive virtual assistants
to improve patient experience and clinician operational workflow. EUDA believes in incorporating technology into the traditional medical
services market and creating an end-to-end ecosystem that provides a comprehensive suite of healthcare and wellness services adds great
value. 

In
the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic as nations went into various degrees of lockdown, there was also a permanent and massive digital adoption
spurt and an acceleration in the telehealth and digital-health sector. According to Markets Markets, the global telehealth and
telemedicine market is expected to reach USD 191.7 billion by 2025 from an estimated USD 38.7 billion in 2020, due to the following reasons:
(1) a rising and aging population (2) the need to expand healthcare access; (3) the growing prevalence of chronic diseases and conditions:
(4) a shortage of physicians, (5) advancements in telecommunications, and (6) government support and increasing awareness. 

Between
2000 and 2017, global health spending grew by 3.9 a year, outpacing global economic growth as global GDP grew by 3.0 . The World Health
Organization has reported that as the growth of cost in healthcare per capita continues to outpace the growth in GDP per capita, the
burden of healthcare cost could ultimately grow faster than the economic power to sustain such costs. Particularly in Southeast Asia,
the rise in the cost of healthcare is expected to accelerate given the rapid demographic shift in a larger proportion of an aging population,
according to Solidiance. As the working age population ages, EUDA believes the prevalence of smoking, overweight and obesity will also
translate into a high prevalence of severe non-communicable diseases in the future, adding further pressure and costs to healthcare. 

There
is an impetus to ensure that healthcare remains more affordable and accessible and in pursuit of this, many technological innovations
have been sprouting up in various healthcare verticals. Yet, there remain gaps in the fragmented infrastructure of the healthcare industry
which has led to cost and quality inefficiencies. EUDA had taken various steps and measures to integrate technology into various aspects
of the healthcare system and aims to bridge the gap between various siloed healthcare verticals to form a comprehensive healthcare and
wellness ecosystem. Management believes that EUDA s platform will eventually improve consumers access to an even higher-quality
and more affordable healthcare options that were previously constrained by geographic locations, physician availability, office hours
and costs. Digital-health providers that are part of their network had and will continue to undergo a rigorous screening and training
process. Additionally, EUDA is currently in partnerships with reputable specialist providers to ensure quality care for their patients,
providers on the EUDA network, including medical institutions such as clinics and hospitals, government health agencies and insurers.
They are working towards providing providers on their network with greater convenience and flexibility in their operations, training,
and support to ensure professional development and through their network of consumers, enabling them to increase income opportunities.
The network of providers can also form unique partnerships to further increase their reach of products and services through complementary
offerings. 

2 

Industry
Challenges 

Lack
of Access to Healthcare 

During
the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, many Asia-Pacific countries experienced first-hand suffering from a lack of resilient health systems
to provide timely and quality care. The impact varied across nations and populations but there has been a disproportionate impact upon
the most vulnerable populations. While the number of doctors per 1,000 people varies widely across Asia-Pacific countries and territories,
it is generally lower than the OECD average and is unlikely to meet rising health needs. Patients have faced challenges gaining access
to affordable and timely health care especially in communities that are traditionally underserved, such as those in remote or rural areas
with few health facilities and medical staff. The shortage of skilled health professionals also has an adverse impact on the quality
of care offered in health institutions. 

Aging
population to strain healthcare resources 

According
to the Economic Research Institute for ASEAN and East Asia, the East and South-East Asia Region currently has the largest number, about
37 of the world s population, aged 65 or above and this trend is expected to continue over the next three decades. By 2025, 10 
of Asia s population will be people aged 65 years old and above, which is a 14 growth over 2021. This increase is driven by reduced
fertility rates and higher life expectancy. By 2025, there will be close to half a billion people aged 65 or above in the Asia-Pacific
Region. 

As
the number of people aged 65 or above increases, there will be a demand for primary care services to screen, assess and manage chronic
illnesses and comorbidities, potentially straining healthcare resources. This demographic change also indicates that there may be fewer
medical providers to deliver patient care and this shortage will necessitate a change in the existing model for medical care. 

Healthcare
cost has outpaced economic growth 

According
to the World Health Organization, between 2000 and 2017, global health spending grew by 3.9 a year while the global GDP grew by only
3.0 a year. The increase in health spending was even faster in low-income countries, where it rose 7.8 a year between 2000 and 2017
while the economy grew by 6.4 a year. In middle income countries, health spending grew more than 6 a year. In high income countries,
the average annual growth was 3.5 , about twice as fast as economic growth. If this trend persists, healthcare could grow to a share
of the economy and government budgets in ways that are unsustainable, and governments are unlikely to allocate a higher proportion of
their budgets to healthcare spending. 

Coupled
with an aging population, this would mean that a relatively smaller workforce will have to produce the economic wealth to sustain the
ever-growing demand for healthcare due to a relatively larger elder population. This will be exacerbated by the future elder population
being composed of the working population today, which sees a prevalence of smoking, overweight and obesity rates that may result in a
high occurrence of severe non-communicable diseases in the future. 

Consulting
firm Solidiance has reported that even at present rates, the cost of healthcare in Southeast Asia s major economies (Malaysia,
Singapore, Philippines, Vietnam, Thailand, and Indonesia) is expected to outpace both GDP and population growth, leading to an estimated
total healthcare cost of more than US 750 billion by 2025, an added burden of US 320 billion higher than the total spending of US 
420 billion back in 2017. Given that public sector is heavily involved in the provision of healthcare, governments are expected to make
payments on the majority of this incremental spend. This may cause a crisis in the healthcare systems in several nations unless policy
makers are able to develop a more efficient healthcare model for the future. 

3 

Poor
Medical Experience 

Asia-Pacific
has been burdened with a problem of an aging population, which is further accentuated by the lack of proper healthcare facilities in
developing countries such as Indonesia. One of the key healthcare industry challenges is the limited availability of efficient and quality
healthcare services. Patients and doctors are increasingly frustrated by the long wait times, in addition to the high costs associated
with traditional medical consultations. There is an increased demand for more convenience, more emphasis on wellness and preventative
services, and generally, more control over a person s own healthcare. The COVID-19 pandemic has driven consumers to demand one-stop
solutions for not only their medical needs, but also their overall wellness and educational information on the treatment options. According
to a survey by Bain Company, 72 of the people in Asia Pacific consider wait times to be one of the primary pain points in the
healthcare system. Furthermore, the time taken for available traditional medical care services has increased the frustration of not only
the aging population but young adults as well. For example, in Indonesia, the average time taken to visit a doctor is 4 hours whereas
the average time spent in a doctor consultation is only 10 minutes. This clearly highlights a huge gap in the market which requires the
industry leaders to pivot and explore better digital-health services in order to improve the healthcare landscape in the region. 

Opportunities
for EUDA 

Primed
for healthcare disruption 

Driven
by shifting demographics, technological innovations and limited healthcare resources, the Asia-Pacific region is primed for healthcare
disruption and digital health ecosystems. McKinsey Co. estimates that today, digital health impacts more than a billion lives,
and estimates show that digital health in Asia could collectively create up to US 100 billion in value by 2025, up from US 37 billion
in 2020. Furthermore, the rising rate of internet users in Asia-Pacific provides a solid platform for the digital healthcare landscape
to address the key challenges and burden on the healthcare system in the region. In Southeast Asia alone, the COVID-19 pandemic has also
accelerated Internet usage, with 40 million new users in 2020 alone and over 400 million users in the region. The internet penetration
rate in Southeast Asia was 69 as of 2021. 

The
pandemic has lowered commercial barriers for health-tech as this sector sees continued funding by financial and strategic investors which
could further fuel technological innovations. The Asia-Pacific region is also expected to present an immense commercial opportunity for
the healthcare sector as regional healthcare expenditure in APAC is projected to grow by 11.5 annually to US 115.9 billion by 2025,
according to a report by L.E.K. Regulators have also begun to recognize the efficacy of Telemedicine, eliminating regulatory barriers
and increased policy support to establish and enforce regulation especially during the pandemic. Healthcare investment in Asia-Pacific
will also continue to outpace other regions. According to Bain Company, there was US 15.8 billion in healthcare private equity
buyout deal value, with a growth rate of 38 between 2013 and 2018, compared with 29 for the rest of the world. 

Accelerated
consumer adoption of Health-Tech 

Bain Co. estimates that in Southeast Asia, Health-tech usage has grown by 400 in 2020 and has retained its users post-lockdown. As
telehealth played crucial roles during the various degrees of lockdown, it has accelerated consumer adoption of health-tech. Within Indonesia,
as the healthcare system remains under pressure from the pandemic with hospitals struggling with the surge of patients, the government
turned to provide remote services by telehealth firms such as Alodokter and Halodoc and included free consultations and medication delivery.
This allows for prescriptions to be issued and delivered to non-critical patients eliminating the time spent on travel and waiting for
a consultation. At the same time, telehealth has alleviated the load on healthcare systems and prioritized hospitals for patients with
more critical symptoms. 

Telemedicine
also enables communities in rural and underserved urban areas to gain access to healthcare by overcoming distance and time barriers between
healthcare providers and patients. Remote care and diagnosis via telemedicine will reduce patients distance travelled for specialist
care and related expense, especially critical for countries with a large, dispersed population such as Indonesia. Emerging health ecosystems
have already impacted more than a billion lives in Asia. 

4 

Platform
to improve health and wellness of all participants 

Chronic
diseases remain a significant burden on healthcare systems globally. These progressive diseases are significant causes of illness and
death and can last for extended periods of time and require long-term treatment. These could be managed through chronic disease management
and some public and private payers have begun leveraging digital technologies to nudge consumers to monitor their health and lower the
long-term cost of care. 

The
presence of a healthcare ecosystem will allow for tie-ups with an extensive network of medical partners to promote fitness and dietary
guidelines to a wider pool of the population. The utilization of big data and AI in digital health will also allow for forward-looking
data that can help avoid or mitigate non-communicable diseases. Telehealth can promote a healthy lifestyle and provide value-added services
ranging from post-surgery rehabilitation work to customizable fitness plans to combating chronic conditions, amongst others. 

Competitive
Strengths 

EUDA
believes that the following competitive strengths helped differentiate it from its competitors: 

Unique
business model that encompasses the full spectrum of healthcare wellness services : Its unique ecosystem-based business model
integrates a full continuum of healthcare services with healthcare data analytics to drive improved outcomes for patients. EUDA is an
all-encompassing healthcare management platform purpose-built to power the entire ecosystem of value-based care for both businesses and
individual consumers. EUDA operates on a unified platform to deliver better care for their patients, improving their overall journey
with EUDA. The platform allows healthcare providers and employers to give patients more personalized affordable care and improved healthcare
outcomes utilizing data and technology. EUDA offers a comprehensive suite of services for both healthcare and wellness services in order
to recognize the needs of their customers at every step of their journey. 

EUDA s
 services are divided into four verticals, namely, Healthcare, Lifestyle Wellness, Health Plans and Enablement. This ensures
 that the entire patient journey within the EUDA platform itself has been fully captured and EUDA is strategically aligned to provide
 end to end solutions for their patients. This begins from customer acquisition and runs all the way to prescriptions to the delivery
 of medications and ultimately provision of continuous care. 

EUDA s
 healthcare solutions include services ranging from 24/7 medical urgent care to digital pharmacy solutions as well as diagnostic and
 monitoring services. Subsequently, EUDA will be able to digitally connect their patients requiring support for mental health to their
 panel of therapists and psychologists. Furthermore, in line with their commitment to cover the entire spectrum of care and wellness
 services, their wellness vertical includes services such as an e-commerce one-stop shop marketplace for the sale of health and supplement
 products including dietary snacks, home care services such as home nursing care and home consultation services, a fitness segment,
 and also a men s and women s health which covers a suite of targeted wellness content. Lastly, under the health plans
 vertical, EUDA will be providing monthly subscription packages that covers corporations as well as individuals for a selection of
 telehealth services such as teleconsultation, online pharmacy and health screenings. Therefore, through their spectrum of services,
 EUDA will be addressing the needs of multiple consumer segments and hence, take a holistic approach that improves health outcomes. 

5 

-
 
 Creating superior user experience through their wide array of technological capabilities : EUDA s integrated platform
 is a one-stop healthcare hub that will centralize all of its existing and future programs into a single, user-friendly application,
 providing its customers access to its services in real-time 24/7. One of its key differentiating factors arises from the proprietary
 technology platform is to enhance the speed and efficacy of care. Regardless of the nature of the malaise or injury, EUDA s
 proprietary technology can recognize, analyze, and determine the type of treatment required instantly. The software platform will
 allow members to be able to enjoy better care coordination, receive remote consultation and enables clients to reach out to the local
 assistance centers for medical assistance as well as to receive precautionary reminders and any potential disaster warnings. 

By using such integrated technology, EUDA aims to provide a premium experience to each of its members as they progress through different stages of their health care journey. The ability to deliver efficient, high-quality care is done through leveraging their proprietary AI and ML capabilities. It seamlessly guides the intake of members, facilitating assessment of inquiries, collection of relevant data and review of medical records with the sole aim of safely navigating its members to the right healthcare resources together with the right clinical expertise. This ultimately leads to better outcomes and more efficient utilization of resources. Furthermore, valuable data is collated throughout the process, that in turn feeds back into improving the performance of its machine intelligence. 

In addition to the merits of EUDA s technological capabilities, EUDA will be able to run secure and effective solutions such as the blockchain that will cover the entire healthcare process. EUDA will be utilizing blockchain s ability to keep an incorruptible, decentralized, and transparent log of all patient data. While blockchain is transparent, it is also private, concealing the identity of any individual with complex and secure codes that can protect the sensitivity of medical data. The decentralized nature of the technology also allows patients, doctors, and healthcare providers to share the same information quickly and safely. 

Therefore, EUDA believes its investment in technology ultimately will enable it to provide a better user experience at a lower cost of service, giving it an added advantage over its competitors. 

- 
 Strong presence and wide network of partners to complement its Always-On approach : EUDA provides 24/7 concierge-level care coordination services for its high-risk members. As a digital health company, EUDA strongly believes in advocating the presence of healthcare at any time and any place as needed by its customers. Its coordination specialists are trained to cover all emergency, primary and specialty services and provide the highest level of personalized medical concierge level services at the push of a button. Furthermore, EUDA is working to strengthen its capability through its geographical presence and wide network of relationships with medical partners. 

EUDA
 currently operates in Singapore and has a sizeable number of medical partners across the healthcare spectrum ranging from ambulatory
 service providers and General Practitioner (GP) clinics to hospitals and specialist consultants. This allows them to provide to their
 clients, which consists of a range of corporate clients coming from various industries, as well as households. The widest range of
 urgent care options are usually based around pricing, proximity, choice of treatment and medications. Therefore, EUDA s relationships
 with medical partners give it a great competitive edge as it is able to provide top notch round-the-clock healthcare services based
 on the requirements expected from its clients. 

6 

Led
 by a team of visionary leaders : Another key differentiating factor for EUDA is the rich blended nature of the management team.
 EUDA s management team comprises of executives with extensive experience in Healthcare, Technology, Insurance Consumer
 Experience segments. The wide array of industries captured by EUDA s management team allows EUDA to deliver superior products
 and services to its customers as the management team possesses an in-depth understanding of the pain points prevalent in the industry.
 The combination has also enabled us to address the market gap in the healthcare industry with an innovative data driven all-in-one
 healthcare platform. 

Rapidly
 diversifying and growing service verticals to improve monetization channels : EUDA believes that its competitive advantage is
 its wide array of service verticals that allows it to serve the needs of multiple consumer segments. The diverse nature of its offerings
 allows EUDA to expand its market reach both horizontally and vertically. The cross-selling of services further lends itself to a
 sustainable and ever-expanding business model. EUDA aspires to make the EUDA ecosystem a perpetually growing platform in terms of
 the addition of health and wellness verticals. EUDA has a wide array of additional health verticals in its roadmap and is determined
 to realize providing digital health access to specialist health and wellness verticals in the Southeast Asia region. Segments that
 are currently in development include: Digital Pharmacy, Medical Tourism, Chronic Disease Management, Mental Health, Diagnostics and
 Monitoring, Marketplace, Fitness, Women s Health, Corporate Individual Health Plans and EUDA Society (Doctor s
 Insurance). With the expansion of its service verticals, EUDA hopes to provide a more comprehensive platform customers and expand
 its monetization channels to increase synergies between their business segments. However, due to budgetary and other financial issues
 during the first five months of 2023, the timeline for the development of such health verticals have been pushed back to the second
 quarter of 2024 at the earliest. 

EUDA s
Growth Strategy 

EUDA s
growth strategies include the following: 

Drive
Greater Adoption with their Existing Clients 

EUDA
 intends to drive greater adoption among existing patients by expanding the populations to which it offers services. Health plans
 may offer the option of digital health to a subset of their total membership and over time expand this service to more members. Health
 systems may start with a single hospital or region and then expand system wide. EUDA also plans to increase adoption within Singapore.
 EUDA believes in continually increasing awareness of and loyalty to its solution by adding new and complementary products and services,
 third-party connections, and other strategic alliances, so as to grow its solution towards becoming the single source for on-demand
 healthcare for its clients. 

Clients
 have also embedded digital care more fully into their operations, where they plan to continually refine and enhance their user experience.
 Hence, they will be using targeted patient and medical provider engagement campaigns, best practices training as well as operational
 support to further drive an increase in usage across their platform. EUDA is also building robust data repositories to strengthen
 its predictive models and multi-channel marketing strategies to provide a more complete picture of its clients, enhancing its ability
 to lead targeted and purposeful campaigns, and it plans to invest heavily in marketing technologies that allow us to increase client
 touchpoints. Lastly, EUDA plans to actively engage clients in benefit design, worksite marketing and executive sponsorship strategies
 to drive awareness about its services. 

Increase
Penetration by Adding New Clients within its Core Verticals 

EUDA
 had and will continue to invest in its direct sales force and channel management capabilities to sustain growth and client support.
 As its clientele stems mainly from the realm of blue-chip companies, it represents a significant opportunity for new client growth
 with large employers. EUDA further believes in forging ahead to compete with the market leaders in the digital health industry, given
 its unique positioning strategy to capitalize on the Business to Business to Consumer, or B2B2C. Growth is expected to be generated
 by word of mouth amongst corporations accompanied by enhanced brand awareness. EUDA believes the B2B2C model will bring about higher
 growth with lower cost of customer acquisition in comparison to a direct Business to Consumer, or B2C model. EUDA will also direct
 resources into new marketing technologies and campaigns to support their sales force in lead generation along with new client generation
 and implementations. 

7 

Invest
in New Clinical Specialties 

EUDA
 currently offers its client s access across a wide range of areas from chronic disease management, medical tourism, mental
 health to men s and women s health such as hair loss and contraception. It plans to also offer direct access to behavioral
 health professionals who treat conditions such as anxiety and smoking cessation. It plans to leverage on its highly scalable platform
 by expanding into new clinical specialties, such as standalone dermatology services, second opinions and chronic conditions such
 as diabetes, and by focusing on expanding its services amongst current clients such as by offering behavioral health as a commercial
 service to their clients. As EUDA expands its clinical offerings, it plans to further eliminate gaps in continuity of care in order
 to provide coordinated care along the healthcare delivery continuum. 

Expand
Across Care Settings and Use Cases 

EUDA
 intends to expand its solutions across additional care settings and explore ancillary opportunities that will broaden its business.
 EUDA believes its services have wide applicability across new use cases, including home care, post discharge, wellness, screening
 and chronic care. It takes a holistic approach to improve outcomes for its clients and provide wellness and prevention through Health,
 Fitness and Nutritional modules. It is also looking to provide campus clinics and workplace health services as well as medical emergency
 assistance. 

EUDA
 is also currently extending the number, range and functionality of their benefits applications, and will hope to continue to respond
 quickly to evolving market needs with innovative solutions, including broadened health kiosk access, mobile applications, biometric
 devices and at-home testing. 

Invest
in Digitalization and Innovation for Digital Care Capabilities 

EUDA
 plans to expand the reach of its digital platform into new areas by investing in new technologies. For example, it is looking to
 incorporate a fitness function within EUDA, allowing individuals to connect to fitness applications on the EUDA platform. It is looking
 to partner with a local digital fitness provider that offers a suite of fitness and wellness content. The classes will allow individuals
 to reach their fitness goals anywhere and anytime, offering a series of workout sessions including full body, targeted workouts,
 stretch and recovery. 

EUDA
 is constantly investing in AI technology that is designed to help expand patient engagement while improving efficiencies, reducing
 the cost of care and promoting better care coordination. For example, there will be an AI deployment enabling a patient-provider
 matching tool, allowing patients to input their preference for doctors, timing and area of specialist onto the EUDA platform and
 its platform will synthesize patient s preference to ensure best matches to boost efficiency and user experience. 

Continued
 investment in interoperability, including remote patient monitoring, advanced analytics and lab services as well as the home delivery
 of pharmaceuticals, is expected to allow EUDA to expand use cases. Its investments in interoperability with other technologies have
 also allowed it to partner with innovative companies to develop unique products and services. Its strategic partnership will allow
 its services to be accessed directly through the EUDA interfaces. EUDA believes these partnerships will differentiate their offering
 and add new capabilities to drive demand and add value for its clients. 

Leverage
Existing Sales Channels and Penetrate New Medical Provider Markets 

EUDA
 has developed a highly effective distribution network to target large employers and it is committing incremental sales and marketing
 resources to the small-medium enterprises to increase its penetration within this market. Additionally, EUDA intends to further penetrate
 the medical provider market, notably hospitals and group physician practices, as it believes its solution offers the medical community
 an attractive platform from which to generate substantial income by acquiring new patients and to better participate in emerging
 risk-sharing and value-based payment models. With expanded access to available health insurance, it also intends to pursue health
 insurance companies about their services, hence, insurance companies may represent an attractive new sales channel. 

8 

Expand
into International Markets 

As
 regulatory and reimbursement systems around the world evolve, EUDA sees a significant opportunity to expand internationally. It is
 also exploring joint international offerings with existing partners, as well as with strategic acquisitions to further boost their
 geographical footprints in Southeast Asia. 

Pursue
Focused Acquisitions 

EUDA s
 comprehensive platform and know-how enable it to selectively pursue strategic and complementary businesses to support its clients 
 needs. Its acquisition strategy is centered on acquiring technologies, products, capabilities, clinical specialties and distribution
 channels that are highly scalable and rapidly growing. EUDA will continue to evaluate and pursue acquisition opportunities that are
 complementary to their business, though we have no acquisitions contemplated at this time. 

Intellectual
Property Rights 

EUDA
owns or otherwise have rights to the trademarks and service marks, used in conjunction with the marketing and sale of its products and
services. This includes trademarks, such as EUDA, Euda and euda, which are protected under applicable intellectual property laws and
are EUDA s property and the property of its subsidiaries. Solely for convenience, EUDA s trademarks and trade names referred
to in this Annual Report may appear without the or symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way,
that EUDA will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, its rights or the right of the applicable licensor to these trademarks
and trade names. 

Save
for the trademarks and domain name disclosed in this Annual Report, EUDA s business and profitability is not materially dependent
on any trademark, patent, domain name or other intellectual property. EUDA holds no issued patent and EUDA is not aware of any infringement
(a) by EUDA of any intellectual property rights owned by any third parties; or (b) by any third party of any intellectual property rights
owned by EUDA. To the best of EUDA s knowledge, there had not been any pending or threatened claim made against EUDA, nor have
there been any claim made by EUDA against third parties, with respect to the infringement of intellectual property rights owned by EUDA
or third parties. 

EUDA
currently does not hold any patents, but retains intellectual property rights in its technology and platform (which are used in managing
and delivering consultations) by including contractual provisions in each service agreement with its customers, which provide that background
intellectual property rights either (i) owned or licensed by EUDA or (ii) developed outside of the respective services agreement, belong
to EUDA. This includes significant know-how in understanding how to leverage cloud components deployed in the current platform, other
third-party technologies, and EUDA s own technology, to deliver a first-class digital healthcare service. 

EUDA
Ecosystem 

Consumer-centric
digital ecosystems are emerging across the world in response to these fundamental forces disrupting healthcare. Such ecosystems are designed
to seamlessly deliver the right care in the right setting at the right time by integrating three critical components: (a) a network of
health-service providers across care settings, (b) a system of intelligence that leverages behavioral, social, and health data to analyze
patients needs and selects the appropriate provider, and (c) a technology backbone that enables data and insights to flow between
care providers. 

In
order to capitalize on this industry trend, EUDA is building a healthcare ecosystem that encompasses the full spectrum of healthcare
and offers a comprehensive suite of health and wellness solutions. EUDA is an all-encompassing healthcare management platform purpose-built
to power the entire ecosystem of value-based care for both businesses and individuals. EUDA offers healthcare solutions that strengthen
the delivery of holistic medical care. It operates on a unified platform to streamline comprehensive patient-centered care and disease
management, unmatched data integration, broad-spectrum collaboration, patient engagement and configurable analytics and reporting. 

9 

EUDA s
ecosystem is strategically aligned to provide comprehensive solutions for their patients. This begins when a person signs up for their
service and runs all the way to prescriptions, the delivery of medication and providing continuous care. The software will be powered
by ML and AI capabilities that will cover the full spectrum of a patient s visit cycle from E-triage, GP consult, E-medical certificates,
and medical prescriptions. In addition to the medical aspect of healthcare, their ecosystem also encompasses the general well-being of
their customer and patients and therefore, caters to the fitness, dietary supplements and healthy snacks needs. 

EUDA s
AI and ML driven chatbot service will be supported by its extensive database that drives the e-triage process. The ML function learns
and improves the accuracy of outcomes as the database expands with more data inputs. 

Moreover,
its patients are connected to the EUDA ecosystem through the EUDA mobile application. This, in turn, enables its users to connect to
certified doctors 24/7 through the convenience of video consultations via either phone or tablet. The application provides patients with
quick and easy communication with doctors who are readily available for addressing any medical issues. If medically necessary, doctors
can also quickly prescribe medication and connect patients with the pharmacy of their choice. Furthermore, the inbuilt data analytics
functionality gives user insights on improving health through health management modules and encourages program participation for targeted
lifestyle rewards and campaigns with selected partners. 

Unique
Value Proposition 

EUDA
provides a unique value proposition to its users through the utilization of its core resources and competencies: 

- 
 Superior
 capabilities of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning : EUDA s technology platform leverages on at least 1,000 common
 diagnostic patterns and represents a repository of valuable healthcare information of its clients that can be analyzed and dissected
 through data analytics to ensure optimal therapeutic outcomes for its patients. ML can also be used to better understand human behavior,
 habits, and interactions to realize continuously improved outcomes. 

- 
 Always-On
 Approach : The coordinator specialists provide 24/7 concierge-level care coordination services for their high-risk members and
 cover all emergency, primary and specialty services. 

- 
 Expanding
 Network of medical partners : EUDA s network consists of various medical partners across the healthcare spectrum ranging
 from ambulatory service providers and GP Clinics to Hospitals and Specialist Consultants. By leveraging on their expanding network,
 EUDA is able to offer its clients the widest possible range of urgent care options based around pricing, proximity, choice of treatment
 and medications. 

- 
 Ensuring
 real-time quality of their service providers : EUDA s service network is composed of accredited medical professionals who
 are continuously trained to maintain a high standard of care. The roster of medical professionals is continuously reviewed and updated
 to ensure the highest quality of healthcare resources are made available to its clients. Each of the medical practitioners in EUDA s
 roster has on average 15 years of experience. 

EUDA
plans to establish its presence beyond Singapore, across the Southeast Asia region. Its strategy continues to be targeted at underdeveloped
health and wellness verticals to first establish its presence before dedicating more resources to capture more market share. 

EUDA s
Solutions 

EUDA s
platform will provide a full continuum of healthcare services integrated with healthcare data analytics to drive improved outcomes for
patients. Its services can be broken down into four spectrums: Healthcare, Lifestyle Wellness, Health Plans, and Enablement all
on a single platform. The convenience of expanding existing offerings to provide services from Primary to Post-surgery care as well as
ongoing preventive healthcare for clients, regardless of the level of healthcare required, is unparalleled in the healthcare services
Southeast Asia market. 

10 

EUDA
currently provides 2 services namely Medical Urgent Care and Property Management Services. 

Medical
 Urgent Care 

EUDA s
Medical Urgent Care service aims to deliver top-notch healthcare assistance and medical evacuation to offer individual and corporate
client s peace of mind around the clock. The proprietary technology enables EUDA to provide the members with a seamlessly integrated
medical assistance operation, reducing any possible delays in execution of cases. Regardless of the severity of the injury, the platform
can recognize, analyze, and determine the type of treatment required instantly, mitigating any health-related risks and associated costs. 

EUDA
continues to invest in the existing EUDA platform to develop new technologies, products, modules, programs, and capabilities to meet
the broadening needs of its clients. EUDA is also looking to partner with its clients and/or other stakeholders to build new features,
modules, and programs. This includes the ongoing development of its digital tools program capabilities. 

EUDA
plans to expand the reach of its digital platforms into new areas by investing in new technologies such as AI and its digitally enabled
technology with the goal of improving the patient-physician consult experience, enhancing the company s health service offerings,
improving healthcare delivery efficiency and providing one avenue for the collection, organization and structuring of data. 

Property
 Management Services (Home Care Services) 

The
Property Management Service covers the management of properties such as condominiums and shopping malls, which are part of the retail
and residential properties we service. Categorized under Home Care Service line from 2023 onwards, this service line together with the
Security Service will eventually evolve to provide home-based medical services to households. The home care service line will be a medical
integrated property management services in homes and offices that comes with general home care and specialized care service curated based
on member s needs. Services include but not limited to are remote monitoring, continuous care management, chronic disease management,
post-surgery care, infusion, and preventative service. EUDA aims to also integrate the Security Service with its core business of providing
users with an integrated platform offering medical services by eventually training and providing security personnel at public events
for medical support. 

11 

Marketplace 

Internet
penetration and the proliferation of online mobile applications has marked a significant shift in the global retail landscape to e-commerce
platforms. Consumer shopping habits have been molded with increasing digitalization as they can now explore a plethora of options and
products at the simple touch of a finger. E-commerce has transformed the entire retail value chain from the selection of products to
the transaction process and finally receiving the actual product. This has also had a trickle-down effect on health and wellness products
as more and more consumers are turning to the internet as a marketplace to address and fulfil their needs. 

In
order to capitalize on this industry uptick, and as part of its wider ecosystem, EUDA operates a Digital Health Marketplace (DHM), a
smart online retail platform specializing in consumer health and wellness. This platform is powered by smart capabilities for members
to compare and find the most cost-efficient product. The DHM represents an online marketplace that aims to simplify clients and end-users 
access to health and wellness-based consumer products. 

Under
the DHM, EUDA operates in three main segments that are outside the realm of prescription medicine: 

Dietary
 Supplements : The dietary supplements market came under the limelight as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic which drove a massive
 awareness for personal health and immunity-boosting supplements. According to Grand View Research, the global dietary supplements
 market was valued at US 151.9 billion in 2021 and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 8.9 between 2022 to 2030. In terms of demographics,
 working adults accounted for 46.6 of the overall revenue in 2021 as a result of significant lifestyle changes and hectic work schedules
 due to the shift to work-from-home amidst the pandemic. Southeast Asia is one of the key markets which is expected to see significant
 growth during the forecast owing to the growing middle class and the increasing expenditure on health-enhancing products. EUDA is
 well-poised to capitalize on this untapped potential with its data driven DHM and its growing presence in the Southeast Asia market. 

Skincare :
 The demand for skincare products, especially through online outlets, saw a massive increase during the pandemic period as there was
 a rising cognizance of the various benefits of using personal care products. Moreover, within the skincare segment, the demand for
 natural and organic skincare products proved to be more lucrative. According to Mordor Intelligence, the Global Skincare Products
 Market was valued at US 140.92 billion in 2020 and is forecast to grow at a CAGR of 4.69 from 2021 to 2026. EUDA is strategically
 positioned to capture the robust growth due to its strategic presence in the region as well its reliable and credible network of
 partners. 

Healthy
 Snacks : Health consciousness has been one of the major drivers behind the exponential growth of the healthcare industry, especially
 the healthy snacks industry. The preference for a quality lifestyle and ensuring that the nutritional needs of the body are met has
 boosted the demand for healthy snacks. According to Fortune Global Insights, the global healthy snacks market was valued at USD 
 78.13 billion in 2019 and is projected to reach USD 108.11 billion by 2027, exhibiting a CAGR of 4.2 during the forecast period.
 Another key contributor to the growth of this market is the increasing prevalence of chronic and acute diseases which have driven
 the shift to healthier lifestyle choices. Health-conscious consumers are expected to increase as the need for healthier lifestyle
 becomes more prevalent and therefore, with EUDA s DHM, it will augment the online retail space for the healthy snacks industry. 

EUDA s
ecosystem facilitates patients who are looking for healthier lifestyles to utilize the marketplace for their nutritional supplementation
at the click of a button. EUDA marketplace is an online e-commerce function of the EUDA application and website that provides consumers
with the tools to optimize their wellness e-commerce experience and maximize their health savings through making qualified and informed
decisions in their shopping experience. The platform will offer on-demand and subscription-based services for health and wellness products,
supplementing the service of care with technology, both at the front and back end. The AI-assisted bot will offer suggestive content
and products to boost user s well-being. EUDA platform not only enables consumers to make informed decisions but also helps them
understand, manage and purchase products through educational content in accordance with their individual needs and benefits. 

EUDA s
Marketplace will improve the lives of their patients by providing convenience, lowering prices and offering discounts and wide range
of products for the consumer health and wellness industry. They aim to leverage their expanding network of medical partners to further
promote the need for health-consciousness and using superior dietary supplements for a healthier lifestyle as they continue to steer
through the pandemic. 

12 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, the Company is party to certain legal proceedings, as well as certain asserted and un-asserted claims. Amounts accrued,
as well as the total amount of reasonably possible losses with respect to such matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not deemed
to be material to the consolidated financial statements. 

On
March 30, 2022, the State Courts of the Republic of Singapore had reached a verdict that the Company s subsidiaries, KRHSG and
Melana (Defendants) is liable to compensate Jamie Fan Wei Zhi (Plaintiff), the Company s related party for failing to procure the
release of the Plaintiff from the guarantees to secure a credit line from United Overseas Bank before December 31, 2020. The Defendants
agree to compensate the Plaintiff the sum of 3,704 (SGD 5,000) per month as guarantor fee starting from January 1, 2021 until the Defendants
procured the release of the Plaintiff as the guarantor of the loan. The Defendants released the Jamie Fan Wei Zhi as the guarantor of
the loan on October 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has paid Jamie Fan Wei Zhi 74,966 (SGD 100,000), and no more balance
outstanding. 

Employees 

We
had 150 employees as of December 31, 2022, including our three named executive officers. None of our employees are covered by collective
bargaining agreements, and we have not experienced any strikes or work stoppages related to labor relations issues. We believe we have
good relations with our employees. 

Share
Purchase Agreement 

On
the Closing Date, the Company consummated the previously announced business combination contemplated by the Share Purchase Agreement
(the SPA between 8i Acquisition 2 Corp., a BVI business company 8i ), EUDA Health Limited, a British Virgin
Islands business company EHL ), Watermark Developments Limited, a British Virgin Islands business company Watermark 
or the Seller ), and Kwong Yeow Liew, dated April 11, 2022 and amended May 30, 2022, June 10, 2022, and September 7, 2022.
As contemplated by the SPA, a business combination between 8i and EUDA was effected by the purchase by 8i of all of the issued and outstanding
shares of EUDA from the Seller (the Share Purchase ), resulting in EUDA becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of 8i. In addition,
in connection with the consummation of the Share Purchase, 8i has changed its name to EUDA Health Holdings Limited. The
transactions contemplated under the SPA relating to the Share Purchase are referred to herein as the Business Combination. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the SPA, upon the consummation of the Business Combination (the Closing ), any and all outstanding units
of 8i, composed of one ordinary share of 8i, no par value (the 8i Ordinary Shares ), one warrant (the 8i Warrants ),
with every two 8i Warrants entitling the registered holder to purchase one 8i Ordinary Share, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10)
of one 8i Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination (the Rights (collectively, the Units were separated into their component parts and the 8i Ordinary Shares and 8i Warrants were re-designated on a one-for-one basis, and the
Rights were converted (at the rate of one-tenth (1/10) of a share for each outstanding Right), into ordinary shares of EUDA Health Holdings
Limited, no par value (the Company Shares ). The Company s shareholders of record (the Shareholders are entitled to one vote for each Company Share held on all matters to be voted on by Shareholders. Shareholders have no conversion,
preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the Company Shares. The
Company Shares and warrants (the Warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq under the symbols
 EUDA and EUDAW, respectively. 

Prior
to the Closing, the Units, 8i Ordinary Shares, 8i Warrants and Rights were listed on Nasdaq under the symbols LAXXU, LAX, 
 LAXXW, and LAXXR, respectively. In connection with the Business Combination, all of the Units separated into
their component parts and ceased trading on Nasdaq. No fractional Company Shares were issued upon the conversion of the Rights. 

13 

Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. At the closing, the Company entered into an amended and restated registration rights
agreement (as amended, the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement with certain existing stockholders of the
Company and with the Seller with respect to their shares of the Company acquired before or pursuant to the Share Purchase, and including
the shares issuable on conversion of the warrants issued to the Sponsor in connection with the Company s initial public offering
and any shares issuable on conversion of working capital loans from the Sponsor (as defined in the SPA) to the Company (collectively,
the Registrable Securities ). The agreement amends and restates the registration rights agreement the Company entered into
on November 22, 2021 in connection with its initial public offering. Pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Registration Rights
Agreement, no later than fourteen (14) calendar days from the Closing, the Company is to file with the SEC a registration statement on
Form S-3 (or Form S-1) covering the resale of all or such maximum portion of the Registrable Securities as permitted by the SEC. The
Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting
from delays in registering the Company s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements. 

Lock-up
Agreement. In connection with the Closing, the Seller and its designees entered into lock-up agreements agreeing, subject to
certain exceptions, not to (i) offer, sell contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Lockup Shares
(as defined below), (ii) enter into a transaction that would have the same effect, (iii) enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement
that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Shares or otherwise or engage in any
short sales or other arrangement with respect to the Lock-Up Shares or (iv) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction
specified in clause (i) or (ii) until the date that is 18 months after the Closing Date (the Lock-up Period, which may,
upon written agreement of the Company and the Seller, be reduced for one or more holders of the Lockup Shares). The term Lockup
Shares mean the Purchaser Shares (as defined in the SPA) and the Earnout Shares (as defined in the SPA), if any, delivered as
earnout payment, whether or not earned prior to the end of the Lock-up Period, and including any securities convertible into, or exchangeable
for, or representing the rights to receive ordinary shares of the Company after the Closing. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

At
Closing the Company entered into indemnification agreements with each of its directors and executive officers. Each indemnification agreement
provides for indemnification and advancement by the Company of certain expenses and costs relating to claims, suits or proceedings arising
from service as an officer, director, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 

Seller
Release 

At
Closing, the Company entered into a release (the Seller Release whereby Seller agreed to release 8i, EUDA,
and all of their respective past and present officers, directors, managers, stockholders, members, employees, agents, predecessors, subsidiaries,
affiliates, estates, successors, assigns, partners and attorneys (each, a Released Party to the maximum
extent permitted by applicable law, from any and all claims, obligations, rights, liabilities or commitments of any nature whatsoever
against 8i, EUDA, or any of the Released Parties, arising at or prior to the Closing, or related to any act, omission or event occurring,
or condition existing, at or prior to the Closing. The Seller does not release 8i, EUDA, or any of the Released Parties from claims arising
after the date of the Seller Release, any of the other ancillary agreements to the SPA, or any organizational or governing documents
or, of any indemnification agreements with, 8i or any of its subsidiaries. 

Where
You Can Find More Information 

The
Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed
pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are filed with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by the Company
with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at https://www.nauticusrobotics.com as soon as reasonably practicable after
they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our SEC filings are also available to the public from the SEC s internet
site at https://www.sec.gov. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Our
business, financial condition, and operating results are affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including
risks specific to us or the robotics industry, as well as risks that affect businesses in general. The risks disclosed in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations and thus
our stock price. These risk factors may be important to understanding other statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should
be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part I, Item 7, Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Part I, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Because of such risk factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company s
financial condition and operating results, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance,
and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 

Our
operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below,
which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 

14 

We
are not currently in compliance with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq and may not be able to regain compliance with Nasdaq s
continued listing standards in the future. 

Our
ordinary shares and warrants currently trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols EUDA and EUDAW, 
respectively. We are not currently in compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing standards and our failure to continue to meet
these requirements may result in our securities being delisted from Nasdaq. 

On
April 5, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq (the Initial Notice indicating that, as a result of not having
timely filed the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 with the SEC (the Initial
Delinquent Filing ), the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires timely filing of all
required periodic financial reports with the SEC. On May 18, 2023, the Company received an additional notice from Nasdaq indicating that,
as a result of an additional delinquency in the timely filing of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
March 31, 2023 (together with the Initial Delinquency Filing, the Delinquent Filings ), the Company remained out of compliance
with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1). 

The
Company was provided up to June 5, 2023 to or 60 days from the Initial Notice, to submit to Nasdaq a plan to regain compliance with the
Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Company submitted such plan on June 5, 2023. On June 13, 2023, the Company received a determination letter
from Nasdaq advising it that the Nasdaq Staff has accepted the Company s plan to regain compliance with the Rules provided that
the Company must file its Delinquent Filings as required by the Rule on or before August 4, 2023. If the Company fails to file the Delinquent Filings by August 4, 2023, the Company may receive a notice that its securities will be delisted. In that case, the Company will have
the opportunity to appeal that decision to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. If our appeal fails, the Company s securities may be delisted. 

If
we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our ordinary shares. In the event of
a delisting, we would take action to restore our compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance
that any such action taken by us would allow our ordinary shares to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity
of our ordinary shares, prevent our ordinary shares from dropping below the Nasdaq Capital Market s minimum bid price requirement
or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s other listing requirements. 

Delisting
from Nasdaq could also result in negative publicity. If we are delisted, we would also incur additional costs under state blue sky laws
in connection with any sales of our securities. These requirements could severely limit the liquidity of our ordinary shares and/or warrants
and the ability of our shareholders to sell our ordinary shares and/or warrants in the secondary market. If our ordinary shares and/or
warrants are delisted by Nasdaq, our ordinary shares and/or warrants may be eligible to trade on an over-the-counter quotation system,
such as the OTCQB Market, where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our securities or obtain accurate quotations as to the
market value of our ordinary shares and/or warrants. In the event our ordinary shares and/or warrants are delisted from The Nasdaq Capital
Market, we may not be able to list our ordinary shares and/or warrants on another national securities exchange or obtain quotation on
an over-the counter quotation system. Delisting could also lead to the potential loss of confidence by employees and customers, the loss
of investor interest, and fewer business development opportunities. 

15 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
our ability continue as a going concern. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s negative working capital deficit was approximately 4.1 million, and the Company had cash
and restricted cash of approximately 0.8 million. The Company has experienced recurring losses from operations and negative cash
flows from operating activities since 2020. In addition, the Company had, and may potentially continue to have, an ongoing need to
raise additional cash from outside sources to fund its expansion plan and related operations. There is no assurance that the
Company s capital raising efforts will be successful. Successful transition to attaining profitable operations is dependent
upon achieving a level of revenues adequate to support the Company s cost structure. Further, the Company has incurred and
expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company. These factors, among others,
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained
elsewhere in this Form 10-K do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

EUDA
previously identified material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting,
and if EUDA is unable to achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, this could have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

The
Company produces our consolidated financial statements in accordance with the requirements of U.S. GAAP. Effective internal controls
are necessary for EUDA to provide reliable financial reports to help mitigate the risk of fraud and to operate as a publicly traded company.
Prior to the Business Combination, EUDA was a private company with limited accounting personnel and other resources with which to address
internal controls and procedures. EUDA and our independent registered public accounting firm identified material weaknesses in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting in connection with the audits of EUDA s financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

The
material weaknesses that were identified related to: (i) lack of sufficient financial reporting and accounting personnel, especially those
with understanding of U.S. GAAP knowledge; (ii)
lack of proper mechanism to identify and assess the experience and qualification
of third-party specialists. As a result of these material weaknesses,
the Company s management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022
and 2021. EUDA is in the process of developing a plan to remediate these material weaknesses and will continue to identify additional
appropriate remediation measures. However, the material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the remediation plan has been
fully implemented, the applicable controls are fully operational for a sufficient period of time, and the Company has concluded, through
testing, that the newly implemented and enhanced controls are operating effectively. 

At
this time, EUDA cannot predict the success of such efforts or the outcome of future assessments of the remediation efforts. As a public
company, EUDA will be required to further design, document and test the Company s internal controls over financial reporting to
comply with Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404. If existing material weaknesses or control deficiencies are not remediated or if material
weaknesses or control deficiencies occur in the future, EUDA may be unable to report the Company s financial results accurately
on a timely basis or help prevent fraud, which could cause EUDA s reported financial results to be materially misstated and result
in the loss of investor confidence or delisting and cause the market price of EUDA s ordinary shares to decline. If we have material
weaknesses in the future, it could affect the financial results that the Company reports or create a perception that those financial
results do not fairly state EUDA s financial position or results of operations. Either of those events could have an adverse effect
on the value of the Company s ordinary shares. 

16 

Further,
even if EUDA concludes that our internal control over financial reporting provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP, because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect fraud or misstatements. Failure to implement required
new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm the Company s results of operations or
cause EUDA to fail to meet future reporting obligations. 

EUDA
will require additional funding through sale of either debt or equity securities to support its continuing operations and growth of business,
and such funding may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and that may adversely impact EUDA s business, financial
condition, results of operations and growth potential. 

EUDA s
operations have consumed substantial funds since inception. It will continue to require substantial funding to support its continuing
operations. The Company also intends to continue to make significant investments to support business growth, respond to business challenges
or opportunities, develop new applications and services, enhance existing solution and services, enhance operating infrastructure and
potentially acquire complementary businesses and technologies. EUDA may seek to use equity or debt financings to raise additional funds
to support its continuing operations and support growth initiatives. In February 2023, Alfred Lim, Executive Director of EUDA, provided
a working capital loan in the amount of 128,750 to EUDA. From January to May 2023, James Tan, the former Chief Executive officer of
8i loaned the Company with an aggregate amount of 500,700. In May 2023, EUDA initiated efforts to raise up to 4,000,000 from the sale
of ordinary shares at 1.00 per share. Between May 16 and May 20, 2023, EUDA raised an aggregate of 940,000 from the sale of 940,000
shares of restricted ordinary shares at 1.00 per share. Between May and June 2023, as a result of a number of transactions between
EUDA and each of its CEO and two current shareholders who held promissory notes or claims against EUDA, EUDA was able to settle in full
its debt obligations in the aggregate amount of 1,617,606 by issuing a total of 1,345,739 ordinary shares to these three creditors, two
of whom are related parties to EUDA (see Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence ).
There are no assurances that related parties will accept shares of the Company as payment for any of their future loans to the Company. 

If
EUDA raises additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, existing shareholders could suffer significant
dilution, and any new equity securities issued could have rights, preferences and privileges superior or similar to those of holders
of ordinary shares. EUDA could also face additional restrictive covenants relating to capital-raising activities and other financial
and operational matters if EUDA were to secure additional funds from such financing methods, which may make it more difficult for it
to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. In addition, EUDA may not be able
to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, especially during times of economic uncertainty, while failure
to obtain sufficient funding in a timely manner could result in a delay and indefinite postponement of its plans. If EUDA is unable to
obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to the Company, it could have a material adverse effect on EUDA s
business, financial condition and results of operations. Any restructuring of EUDA s current debt could also affect the financial
condition of the Company. Failure to properly manage the Company s debt-to-equity ratio could create a disproportionately large
interest payment obligation, thereby adversely affecting the Company s profitability. 

The
Company s management team has limited skills related to experience managing a public company. Loss of any senior management or
other key employees could adversely affect its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Prior
to the departure of the Company s Chief Technology Officer in May 2023, the Company s management team was comprised of Dr.
Kelvin Chen, the Chief Executive officer, Steven John Sobak, the Chief Financial Officer, and a Chief Technology Officer. The Company s
management team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors, and complying
with the increasingly complex laws, rules and regulations that govern public companies. As a public company, the Company is subject to
significant obligations relating to reporting, procedures and internal controls, and its management team may not successfully or efficiently
manage such obligations. These obligations and scrutiny has required, and will continue to require, significant attention from the Company s
management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of its business, which could adversely affect its business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

EUDA s
future success depends on the Company s ability to continue attracting, developing, motivating and retaining highly qualified and
skilled employees. EUDA s success also depends, to a significant extent, on the continued services of the individual members of
the management team and the Board, who have substantial experience in the industries and in the different jurisdictions in which they
operate. Between January and May 2023, four former independent directors left EUDA s Board. Although highly qualified director
nominees were subsequently identified and appointed to fill the vacancies, there is no guarantee that EUDA can continue to retain its
current directors. As competition for qualified individuals in the industry could intensify, EUDA may incur significant time and costs
to attract and replace key personnel, including Board members. 

17 

In
addition, EUDA s loss of any senior management or other key employees on EUDA s inability to recruit and develop mid-level
managers could materially and adversely affect the Company s ability to execute its business plan and find adequate replacements.
All of EUDA s employees are at-will employees, meaning that they may terminate their employment relationship at any time, and their
knowledge of EUDA s business and industry would be extremely difficult to replace. If EUDA fails to retain talented senior management
and other key personnel, or if the Company does not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing
employees, its business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. There can be no assurance
that any management team member will remain with EUDA. Any loss of the services of key members of the management team could have a material
adverse effect on EUDA s business and operations. 

If
one or more of EUDA s key personnel are unable to discharge their duties properly, or in the best interest of EUDA, that may impact
EUDA s business, operations and financial performance adversely. 

As
previously disclosed, EUDA s Board voted in favor to remove two former directors from the Board because the Board believed that
the conduct of these two former directors were disruptive to the Company s operations. Similarly, if for any reason, one or more
of EUDA s employees are unable to discharge their duties properly or in the best interest of the Company, that may have an adverse
impact on EUDA s reputation, brand and attractiveness to bring in talent. EUDA may as result incur some costs or losses and there
is potential that the Company will lose revenue or future revenue potential. Although it is EUDA s endeavor to ensure that all
of the Company s employees work to their full potential and in a harmonious manner within the Company s organization, there
are always risks associated with one or more employees not discharging their duties properly and going unnoticed for a period of time,
impacting EUDA adversely. Such acts by certain employees may cause employees to lose trust in each other, give rise to conflicts between
employees, and failure to meet their responsibilities. Consequently, EUDA s business may lose revenue and miss out on potential
opportunities. Moreover, in other scenarios, it could result in lawsuits, defamation, or similar negative outcomes. Such cases may require
sanctions from the senior management of EUDA leading up to and including termination of employment. 

EUDA
has incurred, and may incur, significantly increased costs and has continued to devote substantial management time as a result of operating
as a public company. 

As
a public company, EUDA has incurred significant costs related to legal, accounting, listing, hiring of external consultants and advisors,
and other expenses. EUDA expects that management and other personnel will need to divert attention from operational and other business
matters to devote substantial time to these public company requirements. EUDA may also need to hire additional accounting and financial
staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge and establish an internal audit function. 

Operating
as a public company has also made it more expensive to obtain director and officer liability insurance and the Company may be required
to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. This could also make it more difficult for EUDA to
attract and retain qualified people to serve on its board of directors, its board committees or as executive officers. 

EUDA
may qualify as a foreign private issuer, and as a foreign private issuer, EUDA will be subject to reduced reporting requirements applicable
to foreign private issuers. It cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements will make EUDA s ordinary shares less attractive
to investors. 

If
the Board determines that EUDA qualifies for the foreign private issuer status defined in Rule 3b-4(c) of the Exchange
Act, EUDA will start reporting under the Exchange Act as a foreign private issuer as soon as its second fiscal quarter ends on June 30,
2023. As a foreign private issuer, EUDA will be exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act, prescribing the furnishing and content
of proxy statements, and its officers, directors and principal shareholders will be exempt from the reporting and short-swing profit
recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, EUDA will not be required under the Exchange Act to file
quarterly periodic reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as U.S. domestic issuers, and will not
be required to disclose in its periodic reports all of the information that U.S. domestic issuers are required to disclose. EUDA will
also be permitted to follow corporate governance practices in accordance with the laws of the British Virgin Islands in lieu of most
of the corporate governance rules set forth by Nasdaq. As a result, EUDA s corporate governance practices may differ in some respects
from those required to be followed by U.S. companies listed on a national securities exchange. For instance, EUDA s Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association do not require EUDA to have a majority of the board consisting of independent directors
nor require EUDA to hold an annual shareholders meeting during each fiscal year. 

18 

The
Company cannot predict if investors will find its ordinary shares less attractive because the Company would switch to a foreign private
issuer status. If some investors find the Company s ordinary shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading
market for the ordinary shares and its market price may be more volatile. 

As
an emerging growth company, EUDA is subject to reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies. 

EUDA
is an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as EUDA continues to be an emerging growth company, it may take
advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies, including exemption from compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. The Company will remain an emerging growth
company until the earlier of: (1) December 31, 2027 (the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the consummation
of the Company s initial public offering), (2) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at
least 1.235 billion, (3) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, as defined in the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act or (4) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in
non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

In
addition, under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those
standards apply to private companies. The Company has elected to avail itself of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards
and, therefore, the Company will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not
emerging growth companies. 

Even
after the Company no longer qualifies as an emerging growth company, it may still qualify as a smaller reporting company, 
which would allow it to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements including exemption from compliance
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in this
proxy statement and the Company s periodic reports and proxy statements. 

The
Company cannot predict if investors will find its ordinary shares less attractive because the Company may rely on these exemptions. If
some investors find the Company s ordinary shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for the
ordinary shares and its market price may be more volatile. 

Because
of the Company s public float, the impact of the actions taken by a few shareholders on the price of its ordinary shares may be
amplified by the Company s public float, and such price volatility may make it difficult for prospective investors to assess the
value of the Company s ordinary shares. 

The
Company s ordinary shares may be subject to extreme volatility that is seemingly unrelated to the underlying performance of its
business. Recently, companies with comparable public floats and public offering sizes have experienced instances of extreme stock price
run-ups followed by rapid price declines, and such stock price volatility was seemingly unrelated to the respective company s underlying
performance. Although the specific cause of such volatility is unclear, the Company s public float may amplify the impact of the
actions taken by a few shareholders on the price of its ordinary shares, which may cause its share price to deviate, potentially significantly,
from a price that better reflects the underlying performance of its business. Should the Company s ordinary shares experience run-ups
and declines that are seemingly unrelated to the Company s actual or expected operating performance and financial condition or
prospects, prospective investors may have difficulty assessing the rapidly changing value of the Company s ordinary shares. In
addition, investors in the Company s ordinary shares may experience losses, which may be material, if the price of the Company s
ordinary shares declines after this offering or if such investors purchase ordinary shares prior to any price decline. 

19 

General
Business-Related Risk Factors 

Business
and Operational 

EUDA
could incur significant upfront costs in client acquisitions and relationships, and if the Company is unable to maintain and grow these
client relationships over time, EUDA is likely to fail to recover these costs or major part of it, which could have a material adverse
effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

EUDA
derives most of its revenue from additional services required from clients and subscription access fees. The costly initial upfront investment
of the Company s business model and the recognition of associated revenue on a ratable basis renders the Company substantially
dependent on achieving economies of scale. Additionally, EUDA devotes significant resources to establish relationships with the Company s
clients and implement solution and related services. Accordingly, EUDA s results of operations will substantially depend on the
Company s ability to deliver a successful experience for both clients and members and continue maintaining and growing its relationship
with the Company. EUDA s client acquisition costs could also increase faster than revenue as the business continues to grow and
expand, and EUDA may be unable to reduce total operating costs through economies of scale such that the Company is unable to achieve
desirable profitability. If EUDA fails to achieve appropriate economies of scale or fails to manage or anticipate the evolution and in
future periods, demand, of the subscription access fee model, the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected. 

The
digital health industry is relatively young, is currently in its early growth stages and is still evolving, and if it develops towards
a mature stage more slowly than EUDA expects, if it encounters a pessimistic outlook or if EUDA s services are not competitive,
the growth of EUDA s business will be adversely affected. 

The
digital health industry is relatively young even though it is rapidly evolving, and it is uncertain whether it will achieve and maintain
high levels of demand, consumer acceptance and market adoption. EUDA s success will substantially depend on the willingness of
its clients members or patients to adopt, and the frequency and extent of their utilization of, EUDA s services and solutions,
as well as on EUDA s ability to demonstrate the value of digital health to employers, health plans, government agencies and other
purchasers of healthcare for beneficiaries. If EUDA s clients, or its members or patients do not acknowledge the benefits of EUDA s
services or platform, or if EUDA s services are not competitive, then the market may not develop at all, or EUDA may develop slower
than it expects. Similarly, individual and healthcare industry concerns or negative publicity regarding patient confidentiality and privacy
in the context of digital health could restrict market acceptance of the Company s healthcare services. An occurrence of any of
these events could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 

EUDA s
short operating history and the rapidly evolving nature of the industry make it difficult to assess the Company s success and predict
the risks and challenges it may encounter. 

As
EUDA s business operations began only in 2019, its short operating history and the evolving nature of the digital health industry
make it difficult to evaluate and assess the success of EUDA s business to date, EUDA s future prospects, and the risks and
challenges that EUDA may encounter. These risks and challenges include EUDA s ability to: 

attract
 new consumers to use EUDA s products and services; 

position
 EUDA s platform as a comprehensive healthcare and wellness provider; 

retain
 consumers purchasing healthcare products and services through EUDA s platform; 

attract
 new and existing consumers to adopt new offerings on EUDA s platform; 

increase
 the number of consumers that subscribe to its offerings or the number of subscription programs that EUDA manages; 

20 

attract
 and retain industry players for inclusion in its platform, such as pharmacies, physicians, digital health providers, and others; 

comply
 with existing and new laws and regulations applicable to the Company s business and in its industry; 

anticipate
 and respond to macroeconomic changes, changes in medication pricing and industry pricing benchmarks and changes in the markets in
 which they operate; 

react
 to challenges from existing and new competitors; 

maintain
 and enhance the value of its reputation and brand; 

effectively
 manage its growth; 

hire,
 integrate and retain talented employees at all levels of its organization; 

maintain
 and improve the infrastructure underlying its platform, including its mobile apps and website, data protection and cybersecurity;

successfully
 update its platform, including expanding the Company s platform and offerings into different healthcare products and services;
 and 

develop
 and update the Company s mobile apps, features, offerings and services to benefit consumers and members and enhance their experience. 

Any
failure to address the risks and difficulties that EUDA faces, including those associated with the challenges listed above and elsewhere
in this Risk Factors section, could adversely affect EUDA s business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Further, EUDA s limited historical financial data and the evolving nature of the digital health industry in the Southeast Asian
region could limit the accuracy of any predictions about its future revenue and expenses as it would be if EUDA had a longer operating
history, operated a more predictable business or operated in a less regulated industry. If EUDA s assumptions regarding these risks
and uncertainties, which it uses to plan and operate its business, are incorrect or change, or if EUDA does not address these risks effectively
and efficiently, EUDA s results of operations could differ materially from its expectations and EUDA s business, financial
condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

EUDA
relies on its corporate clients for a significant portion of its revenue, the loss of which would have a material adverse effect on EUDA s
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

EUDA
has historically relied on its corporate clients and members based in Singapore for a substantial portion of its total revenue. The Company
has a high concentration risk on its corporate clients, which represent a significant portion of its revenue, and could render them unable
to grow its business quickly enough to drive organic growth from individual clients. It is also dependent on its Singapore members as
drivers for growth in that market and has forecasted them to contribute a significant portion of future revenues in the next 5 years.
It also relies on its reputation and recommendations from key clients for the promotion of the Company s solution to potential
new clients. The loss of any of key clients or members, failure to retain some of them or failure to renew or increase subscriptions
could have a significant impact on revenue, growth rate, reputation, and ability to obtain new clients. In addition, clients could cancel
or fail to renew their contracts in the event of a merger or acquisition of companies, thereby reducing the number of EUDA s existing
and potential clients, members and patient populations. 

A
majority of EUDA s business serves a large population of employees working in the construction industry and similar labor-intensive
industries. Any resurgence of SARS, COVID, or a highly communicable pandemic condition, and the actions taken by health authorities and
policy makers to contain its impacts on public, can affect these industries and in turn would have a material effect on the continuity
our business and operating results. 

21 

If
there is a decrease in the number of individuals covered under the Company s platform or health, or if the number of applications
or services to which they subscribe decreases, EUDA s revenue will be adversely affected. 

EUDA
currently relies mainly on organic growth driven by an increase in corporate clients. The Company s fees are directly proportional
to the number of individuals to whom corporate clients provide benefits and the number of applications or services subscribed to by its
corporate clients under most of its contracts with them. There are many factors that may lead to a decrease in the number of individuals
covered by EUDA s corporate clients and the number of applications or services subscribed to by the Company s corporate clients,
including, but not limited to, the following: 

failure
 of corporate clients to adopt or maintain effective business practices; 

changes
 in the nature or operations of corporate clients; 

government
 regulations; and 

increased
 competition or other changes in the benefits marketplace. 

If
EUDA is unable to retain the active customers while attracting new customers, it would result in a loss of future revenue and have an
adverse material effect on the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations. 

The
digital healthcare industry faces significant risks and challenges from rapid technological changes. 

The
digital healthcare market faces rapid technological change, changing consumer requirements, short product lifecycles and evolving industry
standards. EUDA s success will depend on its ability to enhance its solutions with the latest technologies and to develop or to
acquire and market new services to access new consumer populations. 

There
is no guarantee that EUDA will possess the resources, either financial or personnel, for the research, design, development and deployment
of new applications, technological requirements, or services, or that they will be able to utilize these resources successfully and avoid
technological or market obsolescence. 

Further,
there can be no assurance that technological advances by one or more of EUDA s current or future competitors will not result in
the Company s present or future software-based products and services to become uncompetitive or obsolete. 

The
industry that EUDA operates in is highly competitive and rapidly evolving, and if it is not able to compete effectively, its business,
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

EUDA
operates in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving industry, and we expect that competition will increase as a result of consolidation
in both the information technology and healthcare industries and also from new entrants in the markets in which we operate. The Company s
future growth and success will depend on its ability to successfully compete with other companies that provide similar services and other
healthcare organizations that seek to build and operate competing services and newer companies that provide similar services at substantially
lower prices. 

EUDA
competes on the basis of various factors, including breadth and depth of services, reputation, reliability, quality, innovation, security,
team, technology, platform robustness, price, industry expertise, and experience. If the Company is unable to maintain or improve its
technology, management, healthcare, or regulatory expertise or attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified sales and marketing
leadership and support personnel, the Company will be at a competitive disadvantage. Some competitors, in particular larger technology
or technology-enabled consultative service providers, have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, and significantly greater
resources than the Company does. 

EUDA s
current or potential competitors may have greater resources financially and logistically than EUDA does, which may allow them to be less
sensitive to changes in client preferences and more aggressive in pricing strategies, any of which could put the Company at a competitive
disadvantage. As a result, competitors may be more adapt in responding to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, or
trends and may have the ability to initiate or withstand substantial price competition. In addition, potential corporate clients frequently
have requested competitive bids from the Company and competitors in terms of price and services offered and, if the Company does not
accurately assess potential corporate clients needs and budgets when submitting proposals, EUDA may appear less attractive than
those competitors, and the Company may not be successful in attracting new business. If EUDA s prospective or current corporate
clients fail to perceive the value of EUDA s products and services, corporate clients could view competitors products to
be more attractive. Increases in competition in the Company s industry could reduce EUDA s market share and result in price
declines for certain services, which could negatively impact EUDA s business, profitability, and growth prospects. 

22 

There
is foreign exchange (FX) risk in EUDA s business as we operate in multiple countries and exchange rates fluctuate, and that may
cause FX-related losses or translation losses for the Company. 

As
EUDA operates in multiple countries, EUDA s business could also face foreign exchange risks. To date, the Company s revenue
has been denominated in currencies such as Singapore dollars, and Malaysian ringgit, while EUDA also has intention to expand its operations
in other parts of the Asian region. As its international contracts are denominated in the respective local currencies, EUDA s operating
results might be impacted from fluctuations in the value of reporting currency when translated. As the Company further expands internationally,
its exposure to foreign currency exchange risk may increase as well. However, EUDA plans to move towards creating its own payment ecosystem
through the introduction of its own digital currency in the future and that will help the Company in having a more standardized system
and help reduce FX risks. The Company also has a certain level of natural hedge in the countries in which it operates as its revenues
and major costs in individual markets are both denominated in the same currency. 

EUDA s
growth depends on the success of the Company s strategic relationships with third parties and partners. 

EUDA
anticipates that it will continue to depend on relationships with third parties, including partner organizations and technology and content
providers to grow the Company s business. Identifying partners, and negotiating and documenting relationships with them, requires
significant time and resources. The Company s competitors may be more effective in incentivizing such potential partners to favor
their products or services over EUDA s. In addition, acquisitions of EUDA s existing and potential partners by competitors
could result in a decrease in the number of EUDA s current and potential clients, as partners may no longer facilitate the adoption
of EUDA s applications and services to potential clients. 

If
EUDA is unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining relationships with third parties, the Company s ability to compete in the marketplace
or to grow the Company s revenue could be impaired and the results of operations may suffer. Even if the Company is successful,
it cannot assure investors that these relationships will result in increased client use of its applications or increased revenue. While
EUDA expects that these relationships will continue, it cannot guarantee that they will. Any material changes in government regulations,
or the loss of these affiliations, could impair the Company s ability to provide services to members and clients and could have
a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

EUDA s
business and growth strategy depends on its ability to maintain and expand a network of qualified providers and partners. 

EUDA s
success is substantially dependent upon the Company s continued ability to maintain a network of skilled and qualified digital
health providers. EUDA, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, provides medical services including multi-care specialty care services
and holistic care services. EUDA is also dependent on third-party entities and a related party, which they do not own or control, to
provide healthcare services to consumers. The significant competition in the digital health market for qualified digital health providers
may hinder the Company s ability to recruit or retain physicians and other healthcare professionals and service providers, which
would negatively impact the growth of the Company s digital health offerings and would have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In
any particular market, providers could demand higher payments or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs, less attractive
services for EUDA s clients or difficulty meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. EUDA s ability to develop and
maintain satisfactory relationships with third-party providers also may be negatively impacted by other factors not associated with the
Company, such as changes in medical reimbursement levels and other pressures on healthcare providers and consolidation activity among
hospitals, physician groups and healthcare providers. The failure to maintain or to secure new cost-effective provider contracts may
result in a loss of or an inability to grow the Company s membership base, higher costs, healthcare provider network disruptions,
less attractive service for clients and/or difficulty in meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements, any of which could have a
material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

23 

EUDA
relies heavily on technology services provided by third parties and its own systems for providing services to clients and members, and
any failure or interruption in these services could expose the Company to litigation and negatively impact relationships with clients,
its reputation, brand and business. 

EUDA
relies heavily on significant IT infrastructure and systems and the ongoing maintenance of the regional and local Internet infrastructure
to provide the necessary data speed, capacity and security to offer viable services. If EUDA s relevant service providers 
infrastructure or systems were to fail for any reason, this may cause EUDA s portals to experience significant downtime or impaired
performance, which could have an impact on the Company s reputation. EUDA s platform may also be exposed to damage or interruption
from system failures, cyber threats (including malware, ransomware, phishing and denial of service (DoS) attacks), telecommunication
provider or third-party supplier failures, inadequate system maintenance, damage to the physical infrastructure associated with the network,
disasters from natural or human causes, or other unforeseen events which may cause unplanned disruption to EUDA s systems. These
technology failures may affect EUDA s ability to deliver consistent, quality services, meet contractual and service level obligations,
attract new customers, or lead to data integrity issues or data loss. While EUDA has backup plans in place, such as switching to text
messages and call services when platforms sense a weak internet connection, significant disruptions to the platform or services could
have a material impact on the Company s reputation and brand and may result in a loss of users of products and services, which
could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, result of operations, financial performance and financial condition.
Any vulnerabilities or conditions that could potentially interrupt access or flow of information, or violate patient confidentiality
or the Personal Data Protection Act in Singapore could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and operating results. 

EUDA
currently does not hold any issued patents. EUDA s financial and operational success depends highly on the Company s ability
to protect the Company s intellectual property and intellectual property rights and failure to do so will adversely impact the
Company s business and financial performance. 

EUDA s
success depends largely on the Company s ability to protect the Company s proprietary software, confidential information
and know-how, technology, and other intellectual property and intellectual property rights. While EUDA generally relies on copyright,
trademark and trade secret laws, confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with employees and third parties, and license and
other agreements with consultants, vendors, and clients, there can be no assurance that EUDA will enter into such agreements or that
the Company or its counterparties have not breached or will not breach their agreements. EUDA also may not have adequate remedies for
any breach or assurances that its trade secrets will not otherwise become known or independently developed by competitors. Additionally,
EUDA monitors the use of open-source software to avoid use-cases that would require the Company to disclose its proprietary source code
or violate applicable open-source licenses, but if engaged in such uses inadvertently, the Company may be required to take remedial action
or release certain of proprietary source code, which could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

In
addition, a third party could, without authorization, copy or otherwise obtain and use EUDA s products or technology, or develop
similar technology in spite of the agreements and protections put in place. EUDA could also face difficulties enforcing agreement terms
in the various jurisdictions that address non-competition, which might not be enforceable in certain cases. 

EUDA
currently does not hold any issued patents. As EUDA begins to pursue patents, the Company might not be able to obtain meaningful and
adequate patent protection for its technology. Moreover, if any patents are issued in the future, they might not provide any meaningful
competitive advantages or might be successfully challenged by third parties. 

EUDA
may also rely on unpatented proprietary technology and competitors may independently develop the same or similar technology or obtain
access to EUDA s own unpatented technology. While EUDA enters into confidentiality agreements with employees, partners and other
relevant parties to protect its trade secrets and other proprietary information, EUDA cannot assure that these agreements will provide
meaningful protection in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation, or disclosure of such trade secrets or other proprietary
information. In addition, enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive,
and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. If any of EUDA s trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently
developed by a competitor or other third party, EUDA would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to
compete. Further, the theft or unauthorized use or publication of EUDA s trade secrets and other confidential business information
could reduce the differentiation of the Company s services and harm the Company s business, the value of investment in development
or business acquisitions could be reduced, and third parties might make claims against the Company related to losses of its confidential
or proprietary information. 

24 

EUDA
may also rely on trademarks, service marks, trade names, and brand names to distinguish the Company s services from the services
of competitors. While EUDA has registered or applied to register many of these trademarks, it cannot assure that its trademark applications
will be approved. Third parties may also challenge the Company s applications, or otherwise challenge use of its trademarks. In
the event that EUDA s trademarks are successfully opposed or challenged, the Company could be forced to rebrand the Company s
services, which could result in loss of existing brand value and require EUDA to expend additional resources for advertising and marketing
purposes. Further, EUDA cannot assure that its competitors will not infringe on its trademarks or that the Company will have adequate
resources to enforce its own trademarks. 

EUDA s
operations are dependent on its relationships with professional entities, which it may or may not own, to provide physician, healthcare,
and consultation services, and its business would be adversely affected if those relationships were disrupted or discontinued. 

EUDA
uses contract physicians for the clinical and professional services provided to the Company s clients and members through its platform.
While EUDA expects that these relationships will continue, EUDA cannot guarantee that they will. Any material change in the relationships
with the Company s existing physicians and healthcare professionals, whether resulting from a dispute among the entities, a change
in government regulation, or the loss of these affiliations, could impair EUDA s ability to provide services to clients and members
and could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

To
mitigate the dependence on external professionals, EUDA does own some clinics and directly employ some professionals, and plans to continue
that strategy in the future. Currently, EUDA directly employs about 10 of physicians and primary care specialists that provide digital
health services on the Company s platform and is actively seeking to hire and expand its direct employment of primary care specialists
in the future. 

If
EUDA is not able to develop new competitive and market relevant services that are adopted by clients, or if EUDA fails to innovate in
providing high quality support services required by its clients, EUDA s growth prospects, revenues and operating results could
be materially and adversely affected. 

EUDA s
longer-term operating results and revenue growth will depend in part on its ability to successfully develop and sell new services that
existing and potentially new clients want and are willing to purchase. EUDA needs to continuously invest significant resources in research
and development in order to enhance existing services and introduce new high-quality services to clients and prospective clients. If
EUDA is unable to predict or adapt to changes in user preferences or industry or regulatory changes, or if the Company is unable to add
on or modify its services on a timely basis in response to those changes, clients may not renew their agreements with EUDA, and EUDA s
services may be perceived as less competitive or somewhat obsolete. If EUDA s innovations are not responsive to the needs of clients,
are not appropriately timed with market opportunity, or are not effectively brought to market, it could have a material adverse impact
on operating results. EUDA s success also depends on successfully providing high-quality support services to resolve any issues
related to EUDA s services, as they are important for the successful marketing and sale of services and for the renewal of existing
clients. If EUDA does not help clients quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing support, the Company s ability to sell
additional services to existing clients would suffer and EUDA s reputation with existing or potential clients would be harmed. 

If
EUDA fails to maintain brand awareness economically, business might suffer and it could adversely impact the Company s operational
and financial performance. 

Maintaining
awareness of EUDA s brand in an economical manner is critical for the promotion of existing services and is an important element
in attracting new clients and in attracting and retaining qualified employees. EUDA s future growth is also expected to be driven
by word of mouth accompanied by enhanced brand awareness. As EUDA seeks to differentiate itself from competitors, the success of brand
awareness initiatives is crucial, which will depend largely on the effectiveness of marketing efforts and on the ability to provide reliable
and useful services at competitive prices. 

25 

Additionally,
clients might not associate the different brands EUDA owns under the broader umbrella of the EUDA brand. For example, customers might
not associate a EUDA service as being under the EUDA brand or related to it, which may result in losing integration benefits to its competitors. 

Moreover,
third parties use of trademarks or similar branding could materially harm EUDA s business or result in litigation and other
costs. If EUDA fails to successfully maintain the Company s brand or lower customer acquisition costs to maintain the Company s
brand, EUDA may fail to attract enough new clients or retain existing clients to the extent necessary to realize a sufficient return
on brand-building efforts, and EUDA s business and ability to attract and retain qualified employees could suffer, and thus adversely
impact the Company s operational and financial performance. 

EUDA s
marketing efforts depend significantly on EUDA s ability to receive positive references from existing clients. 

EUDA s
marketing efforts depend significantly on EUDA s ability to call upon current clients and members to provide positive references
to new and potential clients. The loss or dissatisfaction of any client, especially long-term clients, could substantially harm EUDA s
brand and reputation, inhibit widespread adoption of the Company s solutions and services and impair the Company s ability
to attract new clients and members and retain existing clients and members. Any of these consequences could lower EUDA s annual
net dollar retention rate and/or cause loss of future and potential revenue and thereby have a material adverse effect on EUDA s
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

EUDA
relies on third-party vendors to perform certain services provided on EUDA s platform and failure to provide these services adequately
could have an adverse effect on EUDA s business, results of operations and growth prospects. 

EUDA
relies in part on third-party vendors to perform certain services provided on its platform, including payment, hosting and video streaming,
and delivery of certain products and services to clients. There is no guarantee that these third-party vendors will perform their obligations
in a timely and cost-effective manner, in compliance with applicable regulations, or in a manner that is in EUDA s and its clients 
best interests, and thus could have an adverse effect on EUDA s reputation and ability to retain and attract clients. There is
also no guarantee that these third-party vendors will be able to continue to provide these services, goods, technology, or intellectual
property rights cost efficiently in a manner consistent with EUDA s business practices. If EUDA fails to replace these services,
goods, technologies, or intellectual property rights in a timely manner or cost-efficiently, EUDA s operating results and financial
condition could be harmed. If EUDA s third-party vendors do not perform their services at a level acceptable to the Company s
clients, or if the Company is unable to leverage its services to a larger group of clients, it could have an adverse effect on EUDA s
business, results of operations, and growth prospects. 

EUDA s
proprietary software and platform may not operate properly or in accordance with clients expectations, which could damage EUDA s
reputation, give rise to legal claims against the Company or divert resources from other purposes, any of which could harm EUDA s
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

EUDA s
proprietary application platform provides clients, members and providers with the ability to, among other things: 

register
 for EUDA s services; 

complete,
 view and edit medical history; 

request
 a visit (either scheduled or on demand); 

26 

conduct
 a visit with a healthcare professional (via video or phone); 

manage
 electronic claims for EUDA s services; 

register
 for mental wellness related options and services; 

utilize
 lifestyle related services; and 

register
 for nutrition, exercises and other similar services and options. 

Given
the different services and solutions that EUDA provides, development and updating of the proprietary software is resource intensive and
complex and may involve unforeseen difficulties. EUDA may encounter technical obstacles during the development and updating stages and
may encounter additional problems even as it is in service. If EUDA s services do not function reliably or fail to achieve clients 
and members expectations in terms of performance, clients could assert liability claims against the Company or attempt to cancel
their contracts, which could damage EUDA s reputation and impair the Company s ability to attract or maintain clients. 

EUDA s
sales and implementation cycle can be long and unpredictable and requires considerable time and expenses, which may cause EUDA s
results of operations to fluctuate. 

The
sales cycle for EUDA s solutions, from initial contact with a potential lead to contract execution and implementation, varies widely
from client to client. Some of EUDA s clients undertake a significant and prolonged evaluation process to determine whether EUDA s
services and solutions meet their unique healthcare needs, which frequently involves evaluation of not only EUDA s solutions but
also an evaluation of those of EUDA s competitors, which is a process that has in the past resulted in extended sales cycles. EUDA s
sales efforts involve educating clients about the use, technical capabilities and potential benefits of EUDA s solution. Moreover,
EUDA s large enterprise clients often begin to deploy EUDA s solution on a limited basis, but nevertheless demand extensive
configuration, integration services and pricing concessions, which increases EUDA s upfront investment in the sales effort with
no guarantee that these clients will deploy EUDA s solution widely enough across their organization to justify the substantial
upfront investments. 

It
is possible that in the future EUDA may experience even longer sales cycles, more complex client needs, higher upfront sales costs and
less predictability in completing some sales as EUDA continues to grow its direct sales force, expand into new territories and market
additional applications and services. If EUDA s sales cycle lengthens or if substantial upfront sales and implementation investments
do not result in sufficient sales to justify investments, it could have a material adverse effect on EUDA s business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

If
EUDA cannot implement the Company s solution for clients or resolve any technical issues in a timely manner, the Company may lose
clients and the Company s reputation may be harmed, and which may adversely impact the Company s operational and financial
performance. 

EUDA s
clients utilize a variety of data formats, applications and infrastructure and the Company s solution must support clients 
data formats and integrate with complex enterprise applications and infrastructures. EUDA could incur additional expenses to ensure the
Company s platform is compatible to support clients or members data or integrate with its existing applications and
infrastructure. Additionally, EUDA does not control clients implementation schedules and could face a delay in implementation
if clients do not allocate the necessary resources to meet its implementation responsibilities or if it faces unanticipated implementation
difficulties. If the client implementation process is not executed successfully or if execution is delayed, EUDA could incur significant
costs, clients could become dissatisfied and decide not to continue utilization of the Company s solution or not to implement the
Company s solution beyond an initial period prior to their term commitment. Moreover, competitors with more efficient operating
models with lower implementation costs could potentially jeopardize client relationships. 

EUDA s
clients and members depend on support services to resolve technical issues relating to the Company s solution and services, and
may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in member demand for support services, particularly as the
Company increases the size of the Company s client and membership bases. EUDA also may be unable to modify the format of the Company s
support services to compete with changes in support services provided by competitors. It is difficult to predict member demand for technical
support services, and if member demand increases significantly, EUDA may be unable to provide satisfactory support services to members.
Further, if EUDA is unable to address member needs in a timely fashion or further develop and enhance the Company s solution, or
if a client or member is not satisfied with the quality of work performed by EUDA or with the technical support services rendered, EUDA
could incur additional costs to address the situation or be required to issue credits or refunds for amounts related to unused services,
the Company s profitability may be impaired and clients dissatisfaction with the Company s solution could damage the
Company s ability to expand the number of applications and services purchased by such clients. These clients may not renew their
contracts, or may seek to terminate their relationship or renew on less favorable terms. Moreover, negative publicity related to client
relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage EUDA s business by affecting the Company s reputation or ability
to compete for new business with current and prospective clients. If any of these were to occur, EUDA s revenue may decline, and
the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

27 

Future
sales and business to clients based in different countries or EUDA s international operations may expose the Company to risks inherent
in international sales that, if realized, could adversely affect its business. 

Over
the longer term, EUDA may require significant resources and management attention for international expansion, which will subject EUDA
to differing regulatory, economic and political risks. EUDA s international expansion efforts may not be successful in creating
demand for EUDA s products and services outside of the Southeast Asian region, or in effectively selling the Company s solutions
in the international markets EUDA may enter, due to the Company s limited experience with these international operations. In addition,
EUDA will face risks in doing business internationally that could adversely affect EUDA s business, including, but not limited
to, the following: 

the
 need to localize and adapt EUDA s solutions for each specific countries the Company seeks to expand into, including translation
 into foreign languages and associated expenses; 

different
 data privacy laws of the various jurisdictions in which EUDA may operate; 

difficulties
 in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

contrasting
 pricing environments, longer payment cycles and collections issues; 

exposure
 to new and multiple sources of competition; 

laws
 and business practices favoring local competitors and trade partners; 

complexity
 of various governmental laws and regulations, including employment, healthcare, tax, privacy and data protection laws and regulations; 

increased
 financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 

restrictions
 on fund transfers; 

foreign
 exchange risks from fluctuations in value of currencies; 

adverse
 tax consequences; and 

unstable
 economic and political conditions of the economies in which EUDA may operate. 

EUDA
relies on third-party platforms such as the Apple App Store and Google Play App Store to distribute its platform and offerings. 

EUDA s
apps are accessed and operated through third-party platforms or marketplaces, including the Apple App Store and Google Play App Store.
As such, EUDA depends on continued relationships with these providers and any other emerging platform providers that are widely adopted
by consumers for the expansion and prospects of EUDA s business and apps. EUDA is subject to the standard terms and conditions
that these providers have for all application developers that govern the content, promotion, distribution and operation of apps on their
platforms or marketplaces, which the providers can change unilaterally on little or no notice. 

EUDA s
business would be harmed if these changes were to: prevent or limit EUDA s access to the platforms; cause a decline in popularity
among users; modify algorithms or communication channels available to developers; change respective terms of service or other policies;
increase applicable fees; or require EUDA to modify or update its apps and technology to ensure compatibility and access for the platform s
users. 

If
alternative providers increase in popularity, EUDA could be adversely impacted if the Company fails to create compatible versions of
its apps in a timely manner, or if the Company fails to establish a relationship with such alternative providers. If EUDA s providers
do not perform their obligations in accordance with platform agreements, EUDA could be adversely impacted. 

28 

In
the past, some of these platforms or marketplaces have been unavailable for short periods of time. The occurrence of such an event, or
users encountering issues that impact their ability to download or access apps and other information, could have a material adverse effect
on EUDA s brand and reputation, as well as EUDA s business, financial condition and operating results. 

Legal
(Compliance/Security) 

EUDA
could incur significant costs as a result of any claim or lawsuit of infringement of another party s intellectual property rights. 

There
has been significant litigation in different parts of the world involving patents and other intellectual property rights in recent years.
Companies that are in the internet and technology industries are increasingly bringing and becoming subject to lawsuits alleging infringement
of proprietary rights, particularly patent rights, and EUDA s competitors and other third parties may hold patents or have pending
patent applications that could be related to EUDA s business. As the Company applies for its own patents in the future, EUDA s
expects that it may receive notices in the future that claim EUDA or its clients, who are using EUDA s` solution, have misappropriated
or misused other parties intellectual property rights, particularly as competition grows and the functionality of applications
amongst competitors overlap. If EUDA is sued or served a legal notice by a third party that claims that EUDA s technology infringes
its rights, the litigation, whether or not successful, could be extremely costly to defend, divert EUDA s management s time,
attention and resources, damage EUDA s reputation and brand and substantially harm EUDA s business. 

The
Company has invested significant time and resources to create its own proprietary software platform. Development of the current software
and solutions has been undertaken by employees in Vietnam, Indonesia and Singapore, with whom the Company has non-disclosure agreements. 

The
software integrates open-source software code and database systems, and leverages on application programming interface (API) connectors
to deliver an integrated user experience. The software includes multiple critical trade secrets of the business as well as representing
a significant volume of code to be understood if it is to be replicated. 

A
number of key content resources have been developed to help scale the effective communication of its proposition to the market. Copyright
exists in content or written materials that EUDA has created and owns. The copyright also exists in the software codebase created, especially
important for those aspects of the software exposed to users such as the application interface. 

In
addition, in some instances, EUDA has agreed to indemnify clients against certain third-party claims, which may include claims that EUDA s
software solution infringes the intellectual property rights of third parties. 

EUDA s
business could be adversely affected by any significant disputes between the Company and the Company s clients as to the applicability
or scope of the Company s indemnification obligations to them. The results of any intellectual property litigation to which EUDA
may become a party, or for which EUDA is required to provide indemnification, may require the Company to do one or more of the following: 

cease
 offering or using technologies that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; 

make
 substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments or other costs or damages; 

obtain
 a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms, to sell or use the relevant technology; or 

redesign
 technology to avoid infringement. 

If
EUDA is required to make substantial payments or undertake any of the other actions noted above as a result of any intellectual property
infringement claims or lawsuits against the Company or any obligation to indemnify the Company s clients for such claims, such
payments or costs could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

29 

Breach
of the Company s intellectual property may also require the Company to commence legal actions, which could be costly and time consuming.
Failure to defend the Company s position or intellectual property could reduce the Company s market position and have similar
adverse effects on the Company s business, financial conditions, and results of operations. 

If
the Company fails to develop or license technology for any allegedly infringing aspect of the Company s business in the future,
the Company would be forced to limit its services and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these events could materially harm
the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If
the Company s arrangements and agreements with the Company s partners or its customers are found to violate laws and regulations
relevant to the digital health industry, the Company s business, financial condition and its ability to operate in those jurisdictions
could be adversely impacted. 

As
EUDA s businesses operate internationally, the Company must adhere to the various laws and regulation of the respective jurisdictions,
which includes laws governing remote healthcare, the practice of medicine and healthcare delivery in general which are subject to change
and interpretation. Failure to adhere to these regulations could put the Company at risk of statutory actions and cessation of operations
and fines, litigation and compensation claims from patients and customers which could have material adverse effect on the Company s
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
digital health services EUDA offers are subject to laws, rules and policies governing the practice of medicine and relevant medical council
oversight. 

The
Company s ability to provide and promote the Company s digital health offerings in each of the jurisdictions that the Company
operates in is dependent upon the individual jurisdiction s treatment of digital health, under such jurisdiction s laws,
rules and policies governing the practice of medicine, which are subject to changing political, regulatory, and other influences. Some
medical boards relevant to the jurisdictions that the Company operates in may have established rules or interpreted existing rules in
a manner that limits or restricts the Company s ability to conduct or optimize its business. 

The
Company s digital health offerings offer patients and users the ability to see a board-certified medical professional for advice,
diagnosis, and treatment of routine health conditions on a remote basis. The nature of such services and the provision of medical care
and treatment by board-certified medical professionals could subject the Company and certain of the Company s affiliated physicians
and healthcare professionals to complaints, inquiries, and compliance orders by national and other relevant medical boards in the future.
Such complaints, inquiries or compliance orders may result in disciplinary actions taken by these medical boards against the licensed
physicians who provide services through the Company s digital health offerings, which could include suspension, restriction or
revocation of the physician s medical license, probation, required continuing medical education courses, monetary fines, administrative
actions, and other conditions. Regardless of outcome, these complaints, inquiries or compliance orders could have an adverse impact on
the Company s digital health offerings and its platform generally due to defense actions related and settlement costs, diversion
of management resources, negative publicity, reputational harm and other factors. Any loss of specific licensure, such as medical staff
or clinic, as well as loss of license or accreditation required for provision of professional building or residential management or security
services could also have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and operating results. 

Due
to the uncertain regulatory environment, certain government authorities or relevant boards may determine that the Company is in violation
of their laws and regulations, or such laws and regulations may evolve over time. In the event that the Company must remedy such violations,
the Company may be required to modify its offerings in such jurisdictions in a manner that undermines its offerings or business, the
Company may become subject to fines or other penalties or, if the Company determines that the requirements to operate in compliance in
such jurisdictions are overly burdensome, the Company may elect to terminate its operations in such jurisdictions. In each case, the
Company s revenue may decline, and the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. 

30 

The
digital health industry faces evolving government regulations, and failure to comply with these changes may result in increased costs
or adversely affect the Company s results of operations. 

The
uncertainty of the regulatory climate of the Company s industry may subject the Company s operations to direct and indirect
adoption, expansion or reinterpretation of various laws and regulations. The Company may be required to change its practices at undeterminable
future laws and regulation and possibly incur significant initial monetary and annual expense to adhere to the new regulatory changes.
These additional monetary expenditures may increase future overhead, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
results of operations. 

The
Company has identified what the Company believes are the areas of government regulation that, if changed, would be costly to the Company.
These include rules governing the practice of medicine by physicians; licensure standards for doctors and behavioral health professionals;
laws limiting the corporate practice of medicine; cybersecurity and privacy laws; laws and rules relating to the distinction between
independent contractors and employees; and tax and other laws encouraging employer-sponsored health insurance. There could be laws and
regulations applicable to the Company s business that it has not identified or that, if changed, may be costly to the Company,
and it cannot predict all the ways in which implementation of such laws and regulations may affect it. 

Additionally,
the introduction of new services may require EUDA to comply with additional, yet undetermined, laws and regulations. This may require
EUDA to obtain additional appropriate medical board licenses or certificates, increase the Company s security measures and expend
additional resources to monitor developments in applicable rules and ensure compliance. The failure to adequately comply with these future
laws and regulations may delay or possibly prevent some of EUDA s products or services from being offered to clients and members,
which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Inaccurate
or incomplete information and data provided to EUDA s clients through the Company s platform could adversely impact the Company s
business reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
healthcare and digital health industries are highly data-driven, and EUDA aggregates, processes, and analyzes healthcare-related data
and information for use by the Company s clients. As the healthcare industry faces the issue of data fragmentation, inconsistency,
and incompletion, the overall quality of data received is often poor while the degree or amount of data which is knowingly or unknowingly
absent or omitted can be material. EUDA could also encounter data issues and errors during data integrity checks. If the analytical data
that the Company provides to its clients and members are based on incorrect or incomplete data or if it makes mistakes in the capture,
input, or analysis of these data, EUDA s reputation may suffer and its ability to attract and retain clients may be materially
harmed. 

In
addition, EUDA assists clients with the management and submission of data to governmental entities. These processes and submissions are
governed by complex data processing and validation policies and regulations, and may expose EUDA to liabilities regarding storage, handling,
submission, delivery, or display of health information or other data that was wrongful or erroneous if the Company fails to adhere to
the policies and regulations. Although EUDA maintains insurance coverage, this coverage may prove to be inadequate or could cease to
be available to the Company on acceptable terms, if at all. EUDA could incur substantial costs and diversion of management time, attention,
and resources even if such claims are unsuccessful. A claim brought against EUDA that is uninsured or under-insured could harm EUDA s
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If
EUDA s security measures fail to ensure protection of clients data, services may be deemed insecure and as a result the
Company could incur significant liabilities, reputational harm, and loss of sales and clients. 

Services
provided on EUDA s platforms are highly dependent on artificial intelligence and blockchain technology, devices such as the wearable
technologies offered by EUDA or its partners, which involve the storage and transmission of clients proprietary information, sensitive
or confidential data, including valuable intellectual property and personal information of employees, clients and others, as well as
protected health information, or PHI, of clients patients. Due to the extreme sensitivity of the information EUDA stores and transmits,
the security features of the Company s computers and systems, network, and communications systems infrastructure are critical to
the success of the Company s business. A breach or failure in the Company s security measures could occur from a variety
of circumstances and events, including third-party action, employee negligence or error, malfeasance, computer viruses, cyber-attacks
or ransom related attacks by computer hackers, failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software and databases, power outages,
hardware failures, telecommunication failures, user errors, or catastrophic events. 

31 

As
cyber threats continue to evolve with the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators
of cyber-attacks, EUDA may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance information security measures or to investigate
and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. If EUDA s security measures fail or are breached, it could result in unauthorized
persons accessing sensitive client or patient data (including PHI) and a loss of or damage to the Company s data, resulting in
an inability to access data sources, process data, or provide services to the Company s clients. The occurrence of such failures
or breaches of EUDA s security measures, or any inability to effectively resolve such failures or breaches in a timely manner,
could severely damage the Company s reputation, adversely affect client or investor confidence in the Company, and reduce the demand
for its services from existing and potential clients. In addition, EUDA could face litigation, damages for contractual breaches, monetary
penalties, or regulatory actions for violation of applicable laws or regulations and incur significant costs for remedial measures to
prevent future occurrences and mitigate past violations. While EUDA has outsourced security measures to a third-party agency as preventive
measures to protect the integrity of the Company s clients and members information, this solution might not be comprehensive
enough to ensure the safety of such data. Although EUDA maintains adequate insurance coverage covering certain security and privacy damages
and claim expenses, EUDA may not carry insurance or maintain coverage sufficient to compensate for all liability and in any event, insurance
coverage would not address the reputational damage that could result from a security lapse or a breach related incident. 

EUDA
may experience cyber-security and other breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period as cyber-attack techniques constantly
evolve. EUDA also may not be able to comprehensively anticipate such cyber security threats as they may not be recognized until the breach
occurs. As such, EUDA may be unable to implement adequate preventive measures and the Company s actions would be limited to being
reactive in nature. EUDA also cannot ensure the complete integrity or security of such data in the Company s systems in the event
that the Company s clients authorize or enable third party access to the information stored on the Company s platforms and
systems. If an actual or perceived breach of EUDA s security occurs, or if EUDA is unable to effectively resolve such breaches
in a timely manner, the market perception of the effectiveness of the Company s security measures could be harmed and it could
lose sales and clients, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operations, and financial results.
EUDA could also be subjected to litigation from clients and providers in the event of such security breaches and that could result in
substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Although
EUDA uses best efforts to maintain insurance coverage the Company deems adequate to address cyber-security, EUDA may find such coverage
lacking or unavailable in certain instances which could have material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
corporate headquarters is located in 1 Pemimpin Drive #12-07, One Pemimpin Singapore 576151, where we lease and occupy approximately
1,679 square feet of office space. 

Our
subsidiary Kent Ridge Health Pte Ltd leases and occupies approximately 1,679 square feet of combined office space at 1 Pemimpin Drive
#12-06, One Pemimpin Singapore 576151 for general business operations. 

In
addition, our subsidiary Melana International Pte. Ltd. leases and occupies approximately 3,714 square feet of combined office space
at 60 Kaki Bukit Place #03-01 Singapore, 415979 for general business operations. 

We
believe our properties are suitable for the purposes for which they are being used and fit our needs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, the Company is party to certain
legal proceedings, as well as certain asserted and un-asserted claims. Amounts accrued, as well as the total amount of reasonably possible
losses with respect to such matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not deemed to be material to the consolidated financial statements. 

On March 30, 2022, the State
Courts of the Republic of Singapore had reached a verdict that the Company s subsidiaries, Healthcare Singapore Pte Ltd. and Melana
International Pte. Ltd. (Defendants) are liable to compensate Jamie Fan Wei Zhi (Plaintiff), the Company s related party for failing
to procure the release of the Plaintiff from the guarantees to secure a credit line from United Overseas Bank before December 31, 2020.
The Defendants agreed to compensate the Plaintiff the sum of 3,704 (SGD 5,000) per month as guarantor fee starting from January 1, 2021
until the Defendants procured the release of the Plaintiff as the guarantor of the loan. The Defendants released the Jamie Fan Wei Zhi
as the guarantor of the loan on October 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has paid Jamie Fan Wei Zhi 74,966 (SGD 100,500),
and no more balance outstanding. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

32 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our ordinary shares are quoted
on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol EUDA. Our redeemable warrants are quoted on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
under the symbol EUDAW. 

Shareholders 

As of the date of this report,
there are approximately 28 shareholders of record of our ordinary shares based upon our transfer agent s report. Because many of
our ordinary shares are held by brokers and other nominees on behalf of shareholders, including in trust, we are unable to estimate the
total number of shareholders represented by these record holders. 

Dividends 

We have not declared or paid
any cash dividends on our ordinary shares. To date we have utilized all available cash to finance our operations. Payment of cash dividends
in the future will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon our earnings levels, capital requirements, any restrictive loan
covenants and other factors the Board considers relevant. 

Warrants 

On December 31, 2022,
there were 8,625,000 Public Warrants outstanding and 292,250 Private Warrants outstanding. Refer to Note 16 to the consolidated
financial statements included in this annual report for additional information relating to outstanding warrants. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We made no sales of our equity
securities during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by the report. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We made no purchases of our equity
securities during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by the report. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related
notes included elsewhere in the Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual
results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result
of various factors. 

Overview 

Our mission is to make high-quality,
personalized healthcare affordable and accessible for all our patients. Our aim is to provide a one stop healthcare and wellness services
through our propriety platform. We currently have operations in Singapore and expect to expand across Southeast Asia. 

33 

In January 2020, we acquired 100 
of the equity interests in Super Gateway Group Limited SGGL ), which engaged in the property and security management of
commercial units (shopping malls, business office buildings, industrial buildings), and residential apartments. We aimed to build an Omni-channel
health care and products platform in economies of scale and cross-sell opportunities which would allow our management services section
to expand into new and different verticals of management services in the medical field. 

Headquartered in Singapore and
established in 2019, we aim to be a leading next-generation Southeast Asian healthcare-technology provider, integrating a full continuum
of healthcare services with healthcare data analytics to drive high-quality and efficient care for their patients. The proprietary platform,
is its core holistic, connected platform, through which it also offers a mobile application platform for its users. What makes us unique
is the integration of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML), which provides real-time actionable analytics functionality
that enables our users to make quick analysis and accurate diagnosis as well as business decisions. The platform gathers numerous data
points and performs predictive analysis, where it can compare events and results over time to identify trends across various segments
and provide accurate insights, analysis, and predictions regarding healthcare. Its AI applications supported on our platform include smart
triage, smart match, smart claims supports and image recognition, as well as predictive algorithms that can read and analyze MRIs and
X-rays. our robust unique proprietary technology platform reduces the time taken for diagnostics yet continues to promote standardization
of diagnostics, which effectively eliminates inefficiencies. Through our software platform, it aims to deliver data-driven, personalized
quality insights to patients while they are at the doctor s office in order to provide them with different healthcare and treatment
choices. 

We aim to provide a series of
products and services through its network and offer an array of complementary products and services to deepen their relationship with
its members from assessing the condition, evaluating the risk level to providing personalized support services. 

We market and promote our Medical
Urgent Care services to healthcare provider organizations throughout Singapore using a go-to-market and direct sales organization composed
of highly trained and technical team members that are segmented into several highly targeted and coordinated teams. These dedicated sales
teams develop content and identifies prospects that the sales development team research and qualify to generate high-grade, actionable
sales programs. Our sales and marketing department leverages on their deep experience to deliver an urgent care solution tailor-fit to
the size and specialty of each practice. Through this targeted, coordinated approach, We are able to maximize resource allocation and
allow its sales teams to concentrate on execution. 

We utilize both an inside and
outside direct sales force to execute on the qualified marketing programs, partnering with client services to ensure the prospect is educated
on the breadth of our capabilities and demonstrable value proposition. Medical and clinical partners also play an important role in marketing
and selling our products to its customer base. These partners may shorten the sales cycle and lower the customer acquisition costs. For
example, through the Clinic Management System (CMS) partners, we are able to embed its technology into existing health system technology
infrastructure which, as a competitive differentiator, may lead to a higher win rate. 

Our sales and marketing department
is primarily responsible for planning and developing its overall marketing strategy, conducting market research, coordinating the sales
and marketing activities to attract new customers and maintain and strengthen relationships with existing customers, managing the efforts
in relation to tender bids and negotiating the terms of our Property Management Service and Security Service contracts. The team will
explore and establish information channels for business development and market research purposes. Such information channels include websites
or other platforms on which property developers or property owners associations announce tender opportunities, uncovering business
opportunities by way of recommendation or frequent communication with customers and other industry players, and organizing promotional
events to showcase our service offerings. 

Furthermore, we implement various
incentive measures to encourage the sales teams to obtain property management service contracts of properties developed by third-party
developers through research and analysis of and communication with target customers in the real estate industry and taking advantage of
our resources and expertise. In addition, various communication channels are adopted to explore more opportunities to provide our Property
Management Services that are customized and tailored to the specific localities to bring convenience to local property owners and residents.
We continually seek business cooperation opportunities with third-party merchants to enhance the width and depth of its services. 

34 

We believe that our platform will
eventually provide a full continuum of healthcare services integrated with healthcare data analytics to drive improved outcomes for patients.
To achieve this, we aim to continuously build towards a consumer-centric digital ecosystem to allow clients and patients to gain access
to quality healthcare while keeping costs affordable. We incorporate AI and ML on the platform and implements relevant solutions to a
wide variety of healthcare and homecare services that it currently provides. AI-driven advancement will be increasingly visible throughout
the healthcare journey including a strong potential for interactive virtual assistants to improve patient experience and clinician operational
workflow. We believe in incorporating technology into the traditional medical services market and creating an end-to-end ecosystem that
provides a comprehensive suite of healthcare and wellness services adds great value. 

Recent Development 

On November 17, 2022, we consummated
the business combination contemplated by the SPA between us, Euda Health Limited EHL ), Watermark Developments
Limited, a British Virgin Islands business company Watermark or the Seller and the sole owner of EUDA, and
Kwong Yeow Liew, dated April 11, 2022 and amended May 30, 2022, June 10, 2022, and September 7, 2022. As contemplated by the SPA, a business
combination between us and EUDA was effected by the purchase by us of all of the issued and outstanding shares of EUDA from the Seller
(the Share Purchase ), resulting in EUDA becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of us. In addition, in connection with the consummation
of the Share Purchase, we have changed our name to EUDA Health Holdings Limited. The transactions contemplated under the
SPA relating to the Share Purchase are referred to in this annual report as the Business Combination. 

In connection with the Closing
of the Business Combination, we issued convertible notes in an aggregate principal amount of 3,402,225 (the Convertible Notes in a private placement to certain advisors. Indeterminate or fixed number of ordinary shares (the Convertible Note Shares could be issuable upon the conversion of the Convertible Notes. 

Key Factors that Affect Operating Results 

Strong Presence and wide Network of Partners to
Complement our Always-On Approach 

We provide 24/7 concierge-level
care coordination services for our high-risk members. As a digital health company, we strongly believe in advocating the presence of healthcare
at any time and any place needed by our customers. Our coordination specialists are trained to cover all emergency, primary and specialty
services and provide the highest level of personalized medical concierge level services at the push of a button. Furthermore, we strengthen
this capability through our geographical presence and wide network of relationships with medical partners. We have a sizeable number of
medical partners across the healthcare spectrum, ranging from ambulatory service providers and General Practitioner (GP) clinics to hospitals
and specialist consultants. The widest range urgent care options are usually based around pricing, proximity, choice of treatment and
medications. Therefore, our relationships with medical partners gives a great competitive edge as we are able to provide top notch round-the-clock
healthcare services based on the requirements expected from our clients. 

Retention of Key Management Team Members 

Another key differentiating factor
for us is the rich blended nature of our management team. Our management team comprises executives with extensive experience in Healthcare,
Technology, Insurance Consumer Experience segments. The wide array of industries captured by our management team allows us to deliver
superior products and services to Our customers as the management team possesses an in-depth understanding of the pain points prevalent
in the industry. The combination has also enabled us to address the market gap in the healthcare industry with an innovative data driven
all-in-one healthcare platform. However, the loss of any of our key executive team member, such as the loss of our Chief Technology Officer
in May 2023, might affect our quality of services clients are currently receiving and might lead to our clients to seek medical service
from other medical providers. 

35 

Key Personnel Discharge of their Duties 

If for any reason, one or more
of our employees are unable to discharge their duties properly or in the best interest of us in the property management sector, that may
have an adverse impact on our reputation and our brand and our attractiveness to retain our shopping malls, business office buildings,
or residential apartments clients. We may as result potentially lose future revenue from our existing clients to retain our property management
services. 

Investment in Digitalization and Innovation for
Digital Care Capabilities 

We are constantly investing in
AI technology that is designed to help expand patient engagement while improving efficiencies, reducing the cost of care and promoting
better care coordination. For example, there is an AI deployment enabling a patient-provider matching tool, allowing patients to input
our preference for doctors, timing and area of specialist onto our platform, and our platform will synthesize patient s preference
to ensure best matches to boost efficiency and user experience. Continued investment in interoperability, including remote patient monitoring,
advanced analytics and lab services as well as the home delivery of pharmaceuticals, is expected to allow us to expand its use cases.
Our investments in interoperability with other technologies have also allowed them to partner with innovative companies to develop unique
products and services. Our strategic partnerships allow our services to be accessed directly through our interfaces. We believe these
partnerships will differentiate our offerings and add new capabilities to drive demand and add value for our clients. 

Our Ability to Leverage Existing Sales Channels
and Penetrate New Markets 

We have developed a highly effective
distribution network to target large employers and is committing incremental sales and marketing resources to the small-medium enterprises
to increase our penetration within this market. Additionally, we intend to further penetrate the medical provider market, notably hospitals
and group physician practices, as we believe our solution offers the medical community an attractive platform from which to generate substantial
income by acquiring new patients and to better participate in emerging risk-sharing and value-based payment models. With expanded access
to available health insurance, we also intend to pursue health insurance companies about our services, hence, which will represent an
attractive new sales channel. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Percentage Change 

Revenues 

9,840,709 

10,544,550 

(703,841) 

(6.7) 
 
 Cost of revenues 

6,486,513 

6,300,197 

186,316 

3.0 

Gross profit 

3,543,196 

4,244,353 

(890,157) 

(21.0) 
 
 Selling expenses 

1,902,865 

1,258,442 

644,423 

51.2 

General and administrative expenses 

12,352,877 

4,084,873 

8,268,004 

202.4 

Impairment loss on long-lived assets 

1,139,016 

- 

1,139,016 

100.0 

Research and development expenses 

17,209 

129,265 

(112,056) 

(86.7) 
 
 Loss from operations 

(12,057,771) 

(1,228,227) 

(10,829,544) 

881.7 

Other (loss) income, net 

(12,874,053) 

2,176,764 

(15,050,817) 

(691.4) 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

17,422 

48,141 

(30,719) 

(63.8) 
 
 Net (loss) income 

(24,949,246) 

900,396 

(25,849,642) 

(2,870.9) 
 
 Less: Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

(65,124) 

35,567 

(100,691) 

(283.1) 
 
 Net (loss) income attribute to EUDA 

(24,884,122) 

864,829 

(25,748,951) 

(2,977.3) 

36 

Revenues 

Our revenues are derived from
medical services, product sales, and property management services. Total revenues decreased by approximately 0.7 million, or 6.7 , to
approximately 9.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to approximately 10.5 million for the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease of the total revenue was mainly attributable to the decrease of our property management services by approximately
 0.8 million, or 17.4 , to 3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to approximately 4.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021, and also attributable to the decrease of our product sales by approximately 0.2 million, or 95.7 , to approximately
 11,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to approximately 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, offset by
the increase of medical services by approximately 0.3 million, or 5.9 , to approximately 6.1 million for the year ended December 31,
2022 as compared to approximately 5.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Our revenues from our revenue
categories are summarized as follows: 

For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 

For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 

Change 

Change ) 

Revenues 

Medical services specialty care 

6,001,439 

5,010,837 

990,602 

19.8 

Medical services general practice 

63,794 

712,712 

(648,918) 

(91.0) 
 
 Medical services general practice (related parties) 

135 

4,640 

(4,505) 

(97.1) 
 
 Medical services subtotal 

6,065,368 

5,728,189 

337,179 

5.9 

Product sales 

11,046 

257,841 

(246,795) 

(95.7) 
 
 Property management services 

3,764,295 

4,558,520 

(794,225) 

(17.4) 
 
 Total revenues 

9,840,709 

10,544,550 

(703,841) 

(6.7) 

Medical services 

Revenues from medical services
increased by approximately 0.3 million, or 5.9 , to approximately 6.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from approximately
 5.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenue growth is mainly due to the increased number of employees/patients from our
corporate clients. Approximately 860 and 800 corporate clients had utilized our specialty healthcare services in each of the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The average usage of our specialty care services per corporate client were approximately 7,000 during
the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to approximately 6,300 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was mainly
due to more employees/patients from corporate clients utilizing our specialty care services during the year ended December 31, 2022 as
compared to the same period in 2021. Approximately 5,200 and 4,000 employees/patients from our corporate clients had utilized our healthcare
services during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The average usage of our specialty care services per employee/patient
were approximately 1,200 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to approximately 1,300 during the year ended December
31, 2021. The average usage of our specialty care services per employee/patient decreased by approximately 100 from the year ended December
31, 2021 to the same period in 2022 mainly due to the employees/patients from our corporate clients required lesser degree of specialty
care services in 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. Our general practice medical services were insignificant to our operations
during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Product sales 

Revenues from product sales decreased
by approximately 0.2 million or 95.7 , to approximately 11,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from approximately 0.3 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our product sales have decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period
in 2021 due to the decreased demand of our facial recognition and temperature measurement monitor system as the COVID-19 pandemic has
been eased. 

37 

Property management services 

Revenues from property management
services decreased by approximately 0.8 million, or 17.4 , to approximately 3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from approximately
 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Property management services revenue decreased mainly due to the decrease of property
management units that we managed without our security guard services and the decrease of property management units that we managed with
our security guard services. The number of properties managed without security guard service decreased from 39 units for the year ended
December 31, 2021 to 37 units for the year ended December 31, 2022. The number of properties managed with security guard services decreased
from 13 units for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 12 units for the year ended December 31, 2022. Currently, we do not have any property
management services provided to any medical clinics. 

Our percentage of property management
services revenue from each property type are summarized as follows: 

For the Year Ended 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Residential Apartments 

60 

59 

Commercial Units 

40 

41 

Historically, we provided more
property management services in the residential apartments than in the commercial units during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Cost of Revenues 

Total cost of revenues increased
by approximately 0.2 million, or 3.0 , to approximately 6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to approximately
 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cost of revenues was mainly due to the increased of medical services. 

Our cost of revenues from our
revenue categories are summarized as follows: 

For the Year 
 Ended 

For the Year 
 Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Change 

Change ) 

Cost of revenues 

Medical services specialty care 

2,995,778 

46,849 

2,948,929 

6,294.5 

Medical services specialty care (related party) 

491,499 

2,349,702 

(1,858,203) 

(79.1) 
 
 Medical services general practice 

45,549 

427,908 

(382,359) 

(89.4) 
 
 Medical services subtotal 

3,532,826 

2,824,459 

708,367 

25.1 

Product sales 

59,391 

167,202 

(107,811) 

(64.5) 
 
 Property management services 

2,894,296 

3,308,536 

(414,240) 

(12.5) 
 
 Total cost of revenues 

6,486,513 

6,300,197 

186,316 

3.0 

38 

Our cost of revenues from medical
services increased by approximately 0.7 million or 25.1 to approximately 3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from approximately
 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cost of revenues from our medical services is in line with our increase
of revenues from medical services which was due to increased usage of our specialty services per customer. The increase in cost of revenues
from medical services specialty care of approximately 2.9 million or 6,294.5 was mainly because beginning in April 2022, we
directly utilized the third party clinic service providers and no longer utilized our related party vendor, Cadence Health Pte. Ltd. Cadence ),
during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. Same reason was applied to the decrease in cost of revenues
from medical services specialty care (related party) of approximately 1.9 million or 79.1 . Historically, EUDA s specialty
care medical services provided by the third party clinic service providers were insignificant up until March 2022 and majority of the
cost of revenue from EUDA s specialty care medical services for the year ended December 31, 2021 and for the three months ended
March 31, 2022 were provided by our related party vendor, Cadence. Our general practice medical services were insignificant to our operations
during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Our cost of revenues from product
sales decreased by approximately 108,000, or 64.5 , to approximately 59,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from approximately
 167,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cost of revenues from product sales is in line with our decrease of revenues
from product sales which was due to lower demand of our facial recognition and temperature measurement monitor system as the COVID-19
pandemic has eased. 

Our cost of revenues from property
management services decreased by approximately 0.4 million, or 12.5 , to approximately 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022
from approximately 3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cost of revenues from property management services
is in line with our decrease of revenues from property management services which was mainly due to the decreased number of property management
units that we managed and the decreased number of property management employees offset by the increase of salary and benefits of the property
management employees per individual employee. 

Gross Profit 

Our gross profit from our major
revenue categories is summarized as follows: 

For the Year Ended 
December 31, 2022 

For the Year Ended 
December 31, 2021 

Change 

Change ) 

Medical services 

Gross profit 

2,532,542 

2,903,730 

(371,188) 

(12.8) 
 
 Gross profit percentage 

41.8 

50.7 

(8.9) 

Product sales 

Gross profit 

(48,345) 

90,639 

(138,984) 

(153.3) 
 
 Gross profit percentage 

(437.7) 

35.2 

(472.9) 

Property management services 

Gross profit 

869,999 

1,249,984 

(379,985) 

(30.4) 
 
 Gross profit percentage 

23.1 

27.4 

(4.3) 

Total 

Gross profit 

3,354,196 

4,244,353 

(890,157) 

(21.0) 
 
 Gross profit percentage 

34.1 

40.3 

(6.2) 

Our gross profit decreased by approximately 0.9 million, or 21.0 , to approximately 3.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022 from approximately 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in gross profit is primarily due
to decrease of gross profit from medical service as a result of the increase of medical service cost over the increase of revenue. The
decrease in gross profit also due to the decrease of our revenues from our property management services against the increase of staff
salary 

39 

For the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, Our overall gross profit percentage was 34.1 and 40.3 , respectively. The decrease in gross profit percentage of 6.2 
was primarily due to the combination of the decrease of our medical services gross profit percentage of 8.9 , the decrease of our product
sales gross profit percentage of 472.9 , and the decrease of our property management services gross profit percentage of 4.3 . 

Gross profit percentage for medical
services was 41.8 and 50.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease of gross profit percentage of 8.9 
was mainly because beginning in April 2022, we directly utilized the third party clinic service providers and less service discounts provided
by our major medical service providers during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. 

Gross (loss) profit
percentage for product sales was (437.7) and 35.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease of
gross profit percentage of 472.9 was primarily caused by lower customer demand of our facial recognition and temperature
measurement monitor products as COVID-19 pandemic has eased which resulted in write-off of non-saleable items and reduce our
inventory level to 0 as of December 31, 2022. 

Gross profit percentage for
property management services was 23.1 and 27.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease of gross
profit percentage of 4.3 was primarily attributable to increase of salary and benefits of the property management employees per
employee. Although we had reduced the number of employees in the property management operations due to the decrease of property that
we managed, we increased the salary of property management employees on performance and inflation adjustment to retain more
qualified employees and did not pass on the cost of such adjustments to our customers, which significantly lowered our gross profit
percentage for property management. 

Operating Expenses 

Total operating expenses
increased by approximately 9.9 million, or 181.6 , to approximately 15.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from
approximately 5.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was mainly attributable to the increase of general and
administrative expenses and earnout share payment of approximately 8.3 million, increase of selling expenses of approximately 0.6
million and increase of impairment loss on long-lived assets of approximately 1.1 million. 

An increase of approximately 8.3
million in general and administrative expenses, and earnout share payment was mainly attributable to an approximately 1.4 million increases in professional fees,
including but not limited to, attorney, auditors and consulting expenses incurred in relation to the Business Combination in 2022 which
was not allowed to be capitalized according to U.S. GAAP. The increase was also attributable to an approximately 2.8 million increase
in provision for bad debt, which was resulted from write-off of the uncollectible balance of receivable from divestment from BPT, an unrelated
third party and the balance from loan to PT total Prima Indonesia as we determined these balances will not be recovered in the future.
In addition, we incurred approximately 5.2 million of earnout payment upon assessing
the fair value of the Earnout Share. The increase was offset by the decrease of salary expenses of approximately 1.1 million. 

An increase of approximately 0.6
million in selling expenses was mainly attributable to the approximately 0.6 million increase in advertising, marketing and entertainment
expenses, which was directly attributed to the increase of corporate clients and medical services revenues as more advertisement posting
to attract potential corporate clients. 

An increase of approximately 1.1
million in impairment loss on long-lived assets as we fully impaired the remaining balance of goodwill and intangible assets recognized
through acquisition of Super Gateway Group Limited in January 2020. 

Approximately 0.1 million decrease
in research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021 was due to less research
and development expenses required as our existing platform becomes more mature. 

40 

Other(expenses) income, net 

Our other income, net is summarized
as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 

For the Year 
 Ended 
 December 31, 2021 

Change 

Change ) 

Other (Expense) Income 

Interest expense, net 

(120,082) 

(127,126) 

7,044 

(5.5) 
 
 Gain on disposal of a subsidiary 

30,055 

- 

30,055 

100.0 

Change in prepaid forward purchase liabilities 

(12,911,503) 

- 

(12,911,503) 

100.0 

Other income 

127,477 

386,828 

(259,351) 

(67.0) 
 
 Investment income 

- 

1,917,062 

(1,917,062) 

(100.0) 
 
 Total Other (Expense) Income, net 

(12,874,053) 

2,176,764 

(15,050,817) 

(691.4) 

Total other expense, net
were amounted to approximately 12.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 while total other income, net were amounted to
approximately 2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The changes were mainly due to the following: 

Change in prepaid forward purchase liabilities 

We incurred a loss from
change in prepaid forward purchase liabilities amounted approximately 12.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as we
entered into two equity prepaid forward transactions in November 2022, which required for fair value accounting.
Due to our stock price has significantly dropped after the Business Combination in November 2022, the fair value of the prepaid forward purchase liabilities also decreased significantly. 

Investment income 

We had investment income of approximately
 1.9 million from the Affordable Home Program investment in Indonesia during the year ended December 31, 2021 while no investment income
was recognized during the same period in 2022. 

Interest expense, net 

The interest expense, net decreased
was due to less outstanding loans with similar interest rate during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in
2021. 

Other income 

The decrease of other income was
because we did not obtain government grant for the year ended December 31, 2022, while there was government grant of approximately 0.3 million
received by us during the same period in 2021. 

Provision for income taxes 

Our provision for income taxes
decreased by approximately 31,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Our provision
for income taxes amounted to approximately 17,000 and 48,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease
in provision for income taxes is mainly due to decrease of deferred tax as we wrote off our deferred tax liability as a result of impairment of our intangible asset. 

Net (loss) income 

We incurred a net loss was
approximately 24.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, while we had a net income of approximately 0.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021. Changes from net income for the year ended 2021 to net loss for the same period in 2022 was predominately due to the reasons as discussed above. 

41 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

In assessing liquidity, we monitor and analyze cash
on-hand and operating and capital expenditure commitments. Our liquidity needs are to meet working capital requirements, operating expenses
and capital expenditure obligations. Debt financing in the form of short-term borrowings from banks, private lenders, third parties and
related parties and cash generated from operations have been utilized to finance working capital requirements. As of December 31, 2022,
our working deficit was approximately 4.1 million, and we had cash and restricted cash of approximately 0.8 million. 

The global outbreak of COVID-19 caused
volatile economic activity around the world, and the degrees of any economic recovery in various jurisdictions have not been linear. We
have experienced recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities since 2020. The digital health industry
is relatively immature and rapidly evolving, and it is uncertain whether it will achieve and maintain high levels of demand, consumer
acceptance and market adoption. Our success will substantially depend on the willingness of our clients members or patients to
adopt, and the frequency and extent of their utilization of, our services and solutions, as well as on our ability to demonstrate the
value of digital health to employers, health plans, government agencies and other purchasers of healthcare for beneficiaries. If our clients,
members or patients do not acknowledge the benefits of our services or platform, or if our services are not competitive, then the market
may not develop at all, or we may develop slower than we expect. Similarly, individual and healthcare industry concerns or negative publicity
regarding patient confidentiality and privacy in the context of digital health could restrict market acceptance of our healthcare services.
An occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

During fiscal year 2022, we missed our previously
projected revenue target mainly due to the relative immaturity of the digital health industry and the ongoing effects of the COVID-19
pandemic. A potential economic recession and uncertainty in financial markets
have resulted in changes in market conditions and produced market volatility. The impact of inflation and rising interest rates may affect
the financial performance of the customers we serve and influence customer demand. Despite these uncertainties, we continue to seek growth
in terms of new and additional corporate clients. We currently rely mainly on organic growth driven by an increase in corporate clients.
If we are unable to retain the active customers while attracting new customers, it could result in a loss of future revenue and will deteriorate
our liquidity and operating cash flow. As a result, we have an ongoing need to raise additional cash from outside sources to fund our
expansion plan and related operations. Successful transition to attaining profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level of
revenues adequate to support our cost structure. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that our consolidated financial statements are issued.
The management s plan in addressing this uncertainty is through the following sources: 

other available sources of financing from Singapore banks and other financial institutions or private lenders; 

financial support and credit guarantee commitments from our related parties; and 

equity financing. 

In light of the disparity between the exercise price
of the warrants and our current trading price, it is very unlikely that any potential proceeds from the exercise of our warrants will
be realized in the near future. We are in active discussions with underwriters regarding a potential financing transaction through the
issuance of convertible notes and our goal is for such transactions to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2023 to improve our liquidity
and capital resource needs. 

42 

On February 2, 2023, Mr. Alfred Lim, our independent
director, loaned us an amount of 128,750 for working capital purposes. 

Between January to May 2023, Mr. Meng Dong (James)
Tan, one of our shareholders who currently owns approximately 28 of our ordinary shares, loaned us in an aggregate amount to approximately
 0.5 million for working capital purposes. 

Between May 16 and May 22,
2023, we issued and sold to eight accredited investors an aggregate of 940,000 ordinary shares (the Placement Shares at
 1.00 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 940,000 in a private placement. 

Should we need to seek additional capital prior to
the potential convertible notes financing transaction, we may continue to go to our related parties for additional financial support.
If the trading price of our ordinary shares experiences a further decline following or as a result of this offering, it will negatively
impact our ability to raise additional capital on favorable terms, if at all. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal
course of business and, as such, the financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in existence. 

The following summarizes the
key components of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(1,526,828) 

443,920 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(268,206) 

(356,183) 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

2,488,947 

(168,373) 
 
 Effect of exchange rate change on cash and restricted cash 

(99,424) 

19,865 

Net change in cash and restricted cash 

594,489 

(60,771) 

Operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was
approximately 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was primarily attributable to (i) approximately 24.9 million in
net loss as discussed above, (ii) approximately 0.2 million increase in accounts receivable due to less collections, and (iii)
approximately 2.4 million decrease in accounts payable related party as we are making more timely payments while we are no
longer using the medical services from the related party beginning in April 2022, offset by (i) approximately 1.6 million decrease in other receivables mainly
resulted from the collection of our investment income, (ii) approximately 1.3 million increase in accounts payable mainly due to the increase usage of medical
services and related medical products from third party service providers, (iii) approximately 1.0 million increase in other payables
and accrued liabilities mainly resulted from accrued professional fees, (iv) approximately 12.9 million in change in fair value of
prepaid forward purchase liabilities, (v) approximately 2.9 million in provision for doubtful accounts due to write-off of the
balance of receivable from divestment from BPT, an unrelated third party and the balance from loan to PT total Prima Indonesia,
(vi) approximately 5.2 million in earn out payment upon assessing the fair value of the Earnout Share and (vii) approximately 1.1
million in impairment loss on goodwill and intangible asset. 

43 

Net cash provided by operating activities was approximately
 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was primarily attributable to (i) a net income of approximately 0.9 million (ii)
approximately 0.3 million in non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization expense, (iii) approximately 44,000 in provision for
doubtful accounts, and (iv) approximately 56,000 decrease in other receivables, (v) approximately 1.4 million increase in accounts payable
and accounts payable related party, and (vi) approximately 0.1 million increase in taxes payable, offset by (i) approximately
 28,000 in deferred tax benefit, (ii) approximately 1.9 million of investment income from the Affordable Home Program investment in Indonesia,
(iii) approximately 0.3 million increase in accounts receivable, (iv) approximately 18,000 increase in prepaid expenses and other current
assets, and (v) approximately 62,000 decrease in operating lease liabilities. 

Investing activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was approximately
 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was attributable to approximately 0.2 million loan to a third party, approximately
 3,000 in cash released upon disposal of a subsidiary, and approximately 18,000 purchases of equipment. 

Net cash used in investing activities was approximately
 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was attributable to approximately 2,000 of equipment purchases, and approximately
 0.4 million in loan to third party. 

Financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was
approximately 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was primarily attributable to (i) approximately 1.4 million
borrowings from related parties, (ii) 0.5 million issuance of ordinary shares, (iii) approximately 0.6 million receipt of
subscribed shares deposit, and (iv) approximately 1.3 million proceeds from Reverse Recapitalization, offset by (i) approximately
 1.3 million payments of merger costs, and (ii) approximately 0.1 million repayments to short-term loans bank and private
lender. 

Net cash used in financing activities was approximately
 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was primarily attributable to approximately 67,000 repayments to short-term loans
 bank and private lender, approximately 0.3 million repayments to short-term loans third parties, and approximately 7,000
payment of finance lease liabilities, offset by approximately 36,000 repayments from other receivable related parties, approximately
 88,000 proceeds from short-term loans bank and private lender, and approximately 94,000 borrowings from other payables 
related parties. 

Commitments and Contingencies 

In the normal course of business, we are subject to
loss contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of our business, that cover a wide range of matters, including, among
others, government investigations and tax matters. In accordance with ASC No. 450-20, Loss Contingencies , we will record
accruals for such loss contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. 

44 

The following table summarizes our contractual obligations
as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments due by period 

Contractual obligations 
 
 Total 

Less than 1 year 

1 3 
 years 

3 5 
 years 

More than 
 5 years 

Short-term loans - bank and private lender 

204,240 

204,240 

Other payable related parties 

1,571,945 

1,571,945 

Promissory note 

170,000 

170,000 

Operating lease obligations 

79,959 

79,959 

Convertible notes third parties 

2,619,625 

2,619,625 

Convertible notes- related parties 

782,600 

782,600 

Finance lease obligations 

22,201 

7,186 

15,015 

Total 

5,450,570 

5,435,555 

15,015 

Capital Expenditures 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we
purchased approximately 18,000 and 2,000, respectively, of equipment mainly for use in medical services. We did not purchase any material
equipment for operational use. We do not have any other material commitments to capital expenditures as of December 31, 2022. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have no off-balance
sheet arrangements including arrangements that would affect liquidity, capital resources, market risk support and credit risk support
or other benefits. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected to use such extended transition
period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and we have different application dates for public or private companies,
we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.
This may make comparison of our consolidated financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Financial statements and accompanying notes have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements and accompanying notes requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities. Estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under
the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are
not readily apparent from other sources. We have identified certain accounting policies that are significant to the preparation of financial
statements. These accounting policies are important for an understanding of our financial condition and results of operation. Critical
accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial conditions and results of operations and require
management s difficult, subjective, or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters
that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Certain accounting estimates are particularly sensitive because of
our significance to financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting the estimate may differ significantly
from management s current judgments. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 3 to the consolidated
financial statements, but we believe that the following critical accounting policies involve the most significant estimates and judgments
used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Impairment
 of long-lived assets and Goodwill 

Prepaid
 forward purchase liabilities 

Warrant 

Income
 taxes 

Revenue
 Recognition 

45 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Significant accounting estimates reflected in our consolidated financial statements
include estimates of allowances for doubtful accounts, estimates of impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill, valuation
of prepaid forward purchase and warrant, valuation allowance of deferred tax assets, and other provisions
and contingencies. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Accounts receivable, net 

Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount
less an allowance for any uncollectible accounts and do not bear interest, which are due after 30 to 90 days, depending on the credit
term with our customers. Our management reviews the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts on an ongoing basis, using historical
collection trends and aging of receivables. Currently, our policy is to provide 100 allowance on balance over 2 years past due, 40 allowance
on balance between 1 2 years past due, 10 allowance on balance between 10 12 months past due, and 1 on balance between
7 9 months past due. Our management also periodically evaluates individual customer s financial condition, credit history,
and the current economic conditions to make adjustments in the allowance when it is considered necessary. Account balances are charged
off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. Our management
continues to evaluate the reasonableness of the valuation allowance policy and update it if necessary. 

Impairment of long-lived assets and
Goodwill 

In accordance with ASC 360-10, Long-lived
assets, including property and equipment with finite lives are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
(such as a significant adverse change to market conditions that will impact the future use of the assets) indicate that the carrying
value of an asset may not be recoverable. We assess the recoverability of the assets based on the undiscounted future cash flows the
assets are expected to generate and recognize an impairment loss when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result
from the use of the asset plus net proceeds expected from disposition of the asset, if any, are less than the carrying value of the
asset. If an impairment is identified, We would reduce the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value based on a
discounted cash flows approach or, when available and appropriate, to comparable market values. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
approximately 0.2 million and nil impairment on intangible assets was recognized, respectively. 

Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration
paid of an acquisition over the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the acquired subsidiaries at the date of acquisition. Goodwill
is not amortized and is tested for impairment at least annually, more often when circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred.
Goodwill is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. If impairment exists, goodwill is immediately written off to its fair
value and the loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. Impairment losses on goodwill are
not reversed. For the year ended December 31, 2022, management evaluated the recoverability of goodwill by performing a qualitative
assessment on the two reporting units and determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit is less
than its carrying amount. Therefore, management performed quantitative assessment, fully impairment loss on goodwill of 971,229 was recognized
for the year ended December 31, 2022, as the carrying amount of each reporting unit is in excess of its fair value for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

46 

Prepaid forward purchase
liabilities 

In connection with the Forward Purchase Agreement,
we recognized prepaid forward purchase liabilities in accordance with ASC 480-10-25-8 by using carry and reverse carry arbitrage model
to determine the fair value of the prepaid forward purchase liabilities as we have the obligation to pay cash to settle the maturity consideration. 

In accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity , we have determined that the prepaid forward contract is a financial instrument other than a share that represent
or are indexed to obligations to repurchase the issuer s equity shares by transferring assets, referred to herein as the prepaid
forward purchase liability on the consolidated balance sheets. We initially measure the prepaid forward purchase liability at fair
value and measured subsequently at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. 

As of the closing of the Business Combination, the fair value of the prepaid forward purchase liability was determined to be 7,409,550.
Subsequently, the change of fair value of the prepaid forward purchase liability was amounted to a loss of 12,911,503 for the year end
December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the prepaid forward purchase liabilities amounted to 20,321,053. 

Warrant

We
account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific
terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers
whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to
ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the
warrants are indexed to our ordinary shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement 
in a circumstance outside of our control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of
professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants
are outstanding. 

For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component
of equity at the time of issuance. We determined that upon further review of the warrant agreements, we concluded that the warrants qualify
for equity accounting treatment. 

Upon
completion of the business combination, all of 8i s public and private warrants remain outstanding were replaced by our public
and private warrants. We treated such warrants replacement as a warrant modification and no incremental fair value was recognized. 

Income taxes 

We account for income taxes in accordance with U.S.
GAAP for income taxes. The charge for taxation is based on the results for the fiscal year as adjusted for items, which are non-assessable
or disallowed. It is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. 

Deferred tax is calculated using the balance sheet
liability method in respect of temporary differences arising from differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities in
the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax basis. In principle, deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable
temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable income will be utilized with
prior net operating loss carried forwards using tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized, or the
liability is settled. Deferred tax is charged or credited in the income statement, except when it is related to items credited or charged
directly to equity. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be utilized. Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with
the laws of the relevant tax authorities. Our assumptions on valuation allowance includes our subsidiaries historical operating result
and likelihood of whether we expect we can realize such deferred tax assets in the near future. 

An uncertain tax position is recognized as a benefit
only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination
being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized
on examination. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk 

Interest Rate Risk 

We are exposed to interest rate risk while we have
short-term bank, private lender, and third-party loans outstanding. Although interest rates for short-term loans are typically fixed for
the terms of the loans, the terms are typically twelve months and interest rates are subject to change upon renewal. 

47 

Credit Risk 

Credit risk is controlled by the application of credit
approvals, limits and monitoring procedures. Credit risk is managed through in-house research and analysis of the economy and the underlying
obligors and transaction structures. We identify credit risk collectively based on industry, geography and customer type. In measuring
the credit risk of our sales to our customers, we mainly reflect the probability of default by the customer on our contractual
obligations and consider the current financial position of the customer and the current and likely future exposures to the customer. 

Liquidity Risk 

We are exposed to liquidity risk, which is risk that
will be unable to provide sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet commitments and business needs. Liquidity risk is controlled
by the application of financial position analysis and monitoring procedures. When necessary, we will turn to other financial institutions
and related parties to obtain short-term funding to cover any liquidity shortage. 

Foreign Exchange Risk 

While our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar, the
majorities of our consolidated revenues and consolidated costs and expenses are denominated in SGD, VND and MYR. Majorities of assets
are denominated in SGD, VND and MYR. As a result, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk as revenues and results of operations may be
affected by fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar, SGD, VND and MYR. If the SGD, VND and MYR depreciates against the
U.S. dollar, the value of our SGD, VND and MYR revenues, earnings and assets as expressed in U.S. dollar financial statements will decline.
We have not entered into any hedging transactions in an effort to reduce exposure to foreign exchange risk. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our financial statements are contained in pages F-1 through F-44, which
appear at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item
9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Effective
September 1, 2022, Friedman LLP Friedman ), our then independent registered public accounting firm, combined with Marcum
LLP and continued to operate as an independent registered public accounting firm. On November 22, 2022, approved by the Company s
board of directors, we engaged Marcum Asia CPAs LLP Marcum Asia to serve as our independent registered public accounting
firm. The services previously provided by Friedman are now provided by Marcum Asia. 

Pursuant
to applicable rules, the Company makes the following additional disclosures: 

(a)
During the period from December 31, 2021 through November 22, 2022 there were no disagreements with Friedman on any matter of
accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which if not resolved to Friedman s
satisfaction would have caused it to make reference thereto in connection with its reports on the financial statements for such year.
During the period from December 31, 2021 through November 22, 2022 other than the material weaknesses in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting, there were no events of the type described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

(b)
During the period from December 31, 2021 through November 22, 2022 the Company did not consult with Marcum Asia with respect to any
matter whatsoever including without limitation with respect to any of (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction,
either completed or proposed; (ii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements; or (iii)
any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K) or an event of the type
described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures . Our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information we are required
to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time
periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting at the Company. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures
that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
the assets of the Company; 

48 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework,
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

Because
of the previously disclosed material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting discussed below, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. In light
of this fact, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have performed additional analyses, reconciliations, and other
post-closing procedures and have concluded that, notwithstanding the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting,
the consolidated financial statements for the periods covered by and included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all
material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with GAAP. 

Previously
identified material weakness. Prior to the Business Combination, EUDA was a private company with limited accounting personnel and
other resources with which to address internal controls and procedures. EUDA and our independent registered public accounting firm identified
material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting in connection with
the audits of EUDA s financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021. A material weakness is
a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A significant
deficiency is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than
a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of the Company s financial reporting. 

The
material weaknesses that were identified related to: (i) lack of sufficient financial reporting and accounting personnel, especially
those with understanding of U.S. GAAP knowledge; (ii) lack of proper mechanism to identify and assess the experience and qualification
of third-party specialists. As a result of these material weaknesses, the Company s
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. EUDA is
in the process of developing a plan to remediate these material weaknesses and will continue to identify additional appropriate
remediation measures. However, the material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the remediation plan has been fully
implemented, the applicable controls are fully operational for a sufficient period of time, and the Company has concluded, through
testing, that the newly implemented and enhanced controls are operating effectively. 

Remediation Plan. Management and our Audit
Committee are currently reviewing and determining a plan to remediate the material weakness described above and to enhance our overall
control environment. We will not consider the material weakness remediated until our enhanced control is operational for a sufficient
period of time and tested, enabling management to conclude that the enhanced controls are operating effectively. Our remediation plan
includes (1) hiring of additional finance and accounting staff with qualifications and work experiences in U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting
requirements to formalize and strengthen the key internal control over financial reporting; (2) allocating sufficient resources to prepare
and review financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with U.S.GAAP and SEC reporting requirements, (3) hiring of qualified
consultant to assess Sarbanes-Oxley Act compliance readiness, to assess where we can improve our overall internal control over financial
reporting function, and to assist us in implementing improvements where necessary; and (4) setting up an effective internal mechanism
to perform background check, identify and assess the qualification of the engaged third-party specialists; and (5) consulting with experienced
valuation specialist on a timely basis. 

At
this time, EUDA cannot predict the success of such efforts or the outcome of future assessments of the remediation efforts. As a public
company, EUDA is required to further design, document and test the Company s internal controls over financial reporting to comply
with Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404. If existing material weaknesses or control deficiencies are not remediated or if material weaknesses
or control deficiencies occur in the future, EUDA may be unable to report the Company s financial results accurately on a timely
basis or help prevent fraud, which could cause EUDA s reported financial results to be materially misstated and result in the loss
of investor confidence or delisting and cause the market price of EUDA s ordinary shares to decline. If we have material weaknesses
in the future, it could affect the financial results that the Company reports or create a perception that those financial results do
not fairly state EUDA s financial position or results of operations. Either of those events could have an adverse effect on the
value of the Company s ordinary shares. 

Inherent
limitation on the effectiveness of internal control. The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting,
including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating
the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, in designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognizes that any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter
how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition,
the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required
to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Moreover, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal
controls as necessary or appropriate for our business but cannot assure you that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with
effective internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

49 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The Company s current directors
and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Wei Wen Kelvin Chen 
 
 39 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director 
 
 Steven John Sobak 
 
 76 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Alfred Lim 
 
 72 
 
 Executive Director 
 
 Eric Lew 
 
 50 
 
 Director 
 
 Ajay Kumar Rajpal 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Kong-Yew Wong 
 
 48 
 
 Director 

Below is a summary of the business experience of each
of the directors and executive officers of the Company: 

Wei Wen Kelvin Chen .
Dr. Wei Wen Kelvin Chen brings over 20 years of expertise as a software executive, operation s leader and strategy professional
within the healthcare sector. Since 2019, he has served as the Chief Executive Officer and founder as well as the Executive Director at
EUDA. Previously, from 2012 to 2017, Dr. Chen worked at Healthway Medical Group (Healthway), the largest listed healthcare company in
Singapore with more than 100 medical clinics. While at Healthway, he started off as the Group Marketing Manager (from 2012 to 2014), was
promoted to the Head of the Adult Specialist and CMO department (from 2014 to 2015), General Manager of the Specialist Division (2015)
and eventually served as the Vice President (from 2015 to 2017), where he was responsible for the enterprise s operations and growth,
contributing to its exceptional revenue growth in 2015. Dr, Chen was instrumental in restructuring exercise and strategizing the Healthcare
and Corporate Sales division to achieve the annual targets set by the board of Healthway, While at Healthway, Dr. Chen saw the gaps within
the traditional healthcare infrastructure and an opportunity for technological innovation to propel digitalization across the entire health
ecosystem, spurring him to establish Kent Ridge Health. Dr. Chen started his career with the Singapore Police Force (SPF) as a police
officer, where the experience of managing operations formed the foundations of his management skills. He served as SPF s IT consultant
on emerging technologies, managing information systems and operations. In this role, he was instrumental in facilitating the overhaul
of SPF s transition from outdated organization-wide technologies to cutting edge, cost-effective business solutions that dramatically
improved efficiency, decreased expenses, and optimized data integrity and safety. Dr. Chen holds a Doctorate in Business Administration
from the University of South Australia and a Bachelor of Science, with honors, in Computer Science from the University of Greenwich. 

Steven John Sobak .
Mr. Steven John Sobak has been serving as EUDA s Chief Financial Officer since March 2022 and has over 45 years in healthcare administrative
experience covering most aspects of hospital management in both the public and private sectors, in general acute and various specialty
facilities. Within Singapore and Malaysia, he has served as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Operating Officer
at various hospitals ranging from 100 to over 1,500 beds. Over the years he has worked in the US, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Malaysia and
with consulting assignments in China and India. Since 2014, Mr. Sobak has been an Independent Healthcare Consultant for new, greenfield
and brownfield projects as well as other potential ventures in Singapore, where he offered healthcare related consulting and advisory
services of both. He provided guidance and feasibility study preparations for projects in China to gather required information, guidance
and direction for managing the planning, construction and pre-opening requirements. From June 2010 to July 2016, he served as the Chief
Operating Officer (June 2010 to January 2016) and Senior Director of National Neuroscience Institute (January 2016 to July 2016). Prior
to that, Mr. Sobak was the Chief Executive Officer of Singapore Cord Blood Bank from January 2009 through June 2015. Concurrently, he
was the Senior Instructor at Business Continuity Management Institute. From October 1969 through January 2014, he held various positions
at Singapore Management University - Singhealth, Healthcura Consulting Pvt Ltd, KK Women s and Children s Hospital, United
Engineers Group (Medical Hall Ltd), Southern Hospital Group, Tan Tock Seng Hospital Pte Ltd and Hospital Corporation of America/International
Inc. At various times in his career, he had direct operational responsibility for many departments such as Finance, Purchasing, Corporate
Communications, Quality Service Management (QSM), Legal, Facilities and Maintenance Operations, Bio-Medical Services, IT, and more. He
introduced the concept of Pre-Admission Patient Financial Counseling in 1989, which was subsequently adopted by all hospitals in Singapore.
He has supervised and been responsible for various Divisions within the Executive, Allied Health, Outpatient, Operational Support, etc.
He has also authored / co-authored and published two books on healthcare related topics. Mr. Sobak holds a Master s Degree in Finance
and a Bachelor s Degree in Management, both from Wayne State University. 

50 

Alfred Lim. Mr.
Alfred Lim has over 44 years of experience in international trade business, covering the Asia Pacific region. He started his career
in 1978 with May Baker Ltd/Rhone Poulenc Singapore Pte Ltd, one of Europe s top chemicals and pharmaceutical companies,
before moving on to Neste Chemicals Trading Singapore Pte Ltd in 1990, where he was the Managing Director responsible for sales and
marketing to companies in United States, Europe, and Asia. Between 1994 to 2002, he was the managing director of Borealis Singapore
Pte Ltd, managing the company s Asia Pacific offices and distributors. Under Mr. Lim s remit, Borealis Singapore was
awarded the International Trade Award from Ministry of Finance, Approved International Trader status from Ministry of Trade 
Industry and Singapore 1,000 Ranking for Highest Returns on Shareholders Funds for year 1998/1999. In 2002, Mr Lim co-founded
Akashi Sdn Bhd, a Malaysian distributor for chemicals which was later sold to East Asiatic Chemicals/Brenntag. From 2006 to 2018,
Mr. Lim acted as a senior consultant to An Duong Group, setting up a distributor network in Vietnam for international bathroom
product brands. Since 2018, he has been a consultant to Roca Group, the world s largest sanitary ware manufacturer for
Vietnam. Alfred received his Bachelor of Science (Honors) degree in Chemistry from the University of Singapore in 1976, Graduate
diploma in Marketing from Singapore Institute of Management in 1986. 

Eric Lew . Mr. Eric
Lew has over 25 years of business experience. Mr. Lew started his career as an auditor with KPMG LLP for nearly 3 years before joining
Wong Fong Industries Ltd where he served for 16 years as the Executive Director and remains as a board member. He served as the Executive
Chairman of Y Ventures Group Ltd from March 2019 to July 2022, where his role was to drive the e-commerce group s strategic direction
and growth and to provide mentorship to management. Mr. Lew has served on the board of Eggriculture Foods Ltd since January 2023. He also
serves on Executive Committee Board of WMRAS (Waste Management and Recycle Association of Singapore), the Board of Directors of Northlight
School, and the NTU Nanyang Business School Alumni Board. In 2016, Mr. Lew was nominated for the Straits Times Singaporean of the
Year for his contribution to small and medium-sized entities (SMEs) and innovation in Singapore. Mr. Lew has a Bachelor s Degree
in Accountancy with a Minor in Banking and Finance from the Nanyang Technological University of Singapore. 

Ajay Kumar Rajpal .
Mr. Ajay Kumar Rajpal is a Chartered Accountant and member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England Wales (ICAEW). During
his career, he has gained broad-ranging commercial experience developed in the US, Europe, Middle East and Far East, with a particular
focus on M A, financial management and insolvency/restructuring. Post qualification, Mr. Rajpal held a number of finance-related roles
which involved working for periods in the US, Europe, Middle East and Far East. Since 2011, Mr. Rajpal has run his own consultancy business,
NAS Corporate Services Ltd, providing companies with various corporate services, such as assistance with their pre-IPO funding, the IPO
process and post IPO management. Mr. Rajpal has project managed the initial public offering process and assisted with the associated funding
of two businesses on AIM, namely New Trend Lifestyle Group Plc, which provides Feng Shui products and services across Asia, and Zibao
Metals Recycling Group Plc, a Hong Kong and China based metals recycling company. He currently is a director of Grand Vision Media Holdings
Plc, RC365 Holding Plc and Essentially Group Plc, all of which are listed on the London Stock Exchange. Mr. Rajpal was previously an independent
director of Moxian, Inc., a US company with a China based internet business listed on Nasdaq. 

Kong-Yew Wong . Dr.
Kong-Yew Wong has been serving as the Group CEO at D Mace Pty Ltd (Australian) since September 2021, responsible for the company s
corporate governance, strategic directions and performance. He has also served as the lead consultant in several initiatives with ASEAN
and UNWTO. Dr. Wong has also been serving as the Executive Director of E-Plus Ltd. in Australia since November 2020. He is also an international
keynote speaker with appearances at major international conference in Asia, and features in newspapers and TV news (with personal interview
at Astro Awani, Berita, TV2 etc). From April 2017 to September 2020, Dr. Wong served as the CEO at DYBIOTECH Bhd., a privately-held company
in Malaysia that promotes beauty tourism to Malaysia. Dr. Wong received his Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Economics from
Western Michigan University in December 1996. He received his Master of Economics from Universiti Putra Malaysia in December 2000. Dr.
Wong received his Ph.D. degree in Economics from Strathclyde University in December 2004. 

51 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq
requires that a majority of our board must be composed of independent directors. Currently, Eric Lew, Ajay Rajpal, and Kong-Yew
Wong would each be considered an independent director under the Nasdaq listing rules, which is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion
of the company s board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
responsibilities of a director. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are
present. 

Audit Committee 

Under
the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee all of whom must be
independent. Our audit committee of the board of directors consists of Ajay Kumar Rajpal, Eric Lew, and Kong-Yew Wong, each of whom is
an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Ajay Kumar Rajpal is the Chairperson of the audit committee. The audit
committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; 

discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; 

discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

Financial Experts on Audit
Committee 

The audit
committee will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate 
as defined under Nasdaq listing standards. Nasdaq listing standards define financially literate as being able to read and
understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

52 

In addition,
we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in
finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in
the individual s financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Ajay Kumar Rajpal qualified as an audit
committee financial expert, as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Nominating Committee 

Our nominating
committee of the board of directors consists of Kong-Yew Wong, Eric Lew, and Ajay Kumar Rajpal, each of whom is an independent director
under Nasdaq s listing standards. Kong-Yew Wong is the Chairperson of the nominating committee. The nominating committee is responsible
for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons
identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines for Selecting
Director Nominees 

The guidelines
for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The nominating
committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism
in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills
or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider
the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The board of directors will also
consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to
stand for election at the next annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of shareholders). Our shareholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our memorandum and articles of association,
as amended. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

Compensation Committee 

Our compensation
committee of the board of directors consists of Eric Lew, Ajay Kumar Rajpal, and Kong-Yew Wong, each of whom is an independent director
under Nasdaq s listing standards. Eric Lew is the Chairperson of the compensation committee. The compensation committee s
duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

53 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any
of our existing shareholders, including our directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render
in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial
business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements
to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

Code of Ethics 

We have
adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business
and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

This section describes the executive
compensation for EUDA s executive officers since the Company was formed on January 21, 2021 (the Formation Date ).
This discussion may contain forward-looking statements that are based on EUDA s current plans, considerations, expectations and
determinations regarding future compensation. 

From the Formation Date until
the Closing of the Business Combination, Mr. Meng Dong (James) Tan served as Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Guan Hong (William) Yap served
as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Tan and Mr. Yap were the Company s only executive officers, principal or otherwise,
prior to the Closing of the Business Combination. Prior to the Closing of the Business Combination, no executive officers received any
cash compensation for services rendered to the Company. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees,
were paid to any shareholders, including directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services rendered in order
to effectuate, the Business Combination. 

54 

Upon
the Closing of the Business Combination, the former directors and executive officers of 8i resigned, and certain independent directors
and EUDA s executive officers were appointed. Except for Mr. Alfred Lim, all independent directors appointed at the Closing have
either resigned or been removed from the board. EUDA s current compensation structure is designed to align executives compensation
with the Company s business objectives and the creation of shareholder value, while helping EUDA to continue to attract, motivate
and retain individuals who contribute to the long-term success of the Company. Compensation for executive officers consists, at this
time, only of base salary. The annual salary of each of EUDA s executive officers for the year of 2022 is set forth in the summary
compensation table below. 

Non-equity 
 incentive plan compensation ) 

Name and Position 
 
 Year 

Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock-based awards ) 

Option- based awards ) 

Annual incentive plans 

Long term incentive plans 

All other compensation ) 

Total compensation ) 

Kelvin Chen 

2022 

390,000 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

390,000 

Chief Executive Officer 

Steven John Sobak 

2022 

110,000 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

110,000 

Chief Financial Officer 

Daniel Tan(1) 

2022 

137,000 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

137,000 

Former Chief Technology Officer 

(1) Mr. Tan left the Company on May 12, 2023. 

Material Terms of Employment 

Dr. Chen receives an annual salary
of 390,000 for his service as Chief Executive Officer with no set term of employment. Mr. Sobak receives an annual salary of 110,000
for his service as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Sobak s term of employment is set to expire on February 29, 2024, unless further
renewed or extended. Mr. Tan receives an annual salary of 143,000 for his service as Chief Technology Officer with no set term of employment.
Mr. Tan left the Company on May 12, 2023. Following any termination of service, (i) Dr. Chen may not be employed in Singapore in a known
directly competing business providing health platforms and healthcare policies to corporations for a period of six months and (ii) Mr.
Sobak and Mr. Tan may not be employed in Singapore in a known directly competing business providing health platforms and healthcare policies
to corporations for a period of one year. 

Director Compensation 

The Company does not pay, and
historically has not ever paid, directors for service to its board of directors or its board committees. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following
table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of ordinary shares of EUDA Health Holdings Limited as of June 19, 2023,
by: 

each person who is known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding ordinary shares of the Company; 

each of the Company s directors and named executive officers; and 

all directors and executive officers of the Company as a group. 

55 

Beneficial
ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security
if he, she, or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently
exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. 

The beneficial
ownership percentages set forth in the following table are based on 24,777,509 ordinary shares of EUDA Health Holdings Limited outstanding
as of June 19, 2023. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the Company believes that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect
to the voting securities beneficially owned by them. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each individual below is 1 Pemimpin Drive
#12-07, One Pemimpin Singapore 576151. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 

Number of 
 Ordinary Shares 
 of EUDA Health 
 Holdings Limited 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 

of 
 Ownership 

Five Percent Holders 

Watermark Developments Limited (1) 

9,660,000 

38.99 

Meng Dong (James) Tan (2) 

6,648,650 

26.83 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Wei Wen Kelvin Chen (3) 

1,651,772 

6.67 

Steven John Sobak (4) 

5,742 

Daniel Tan 

- 

- 

Alfred Lim 

- 

- 

Eric Lew 

- 

- 

Ajay Kumar Rajpal 

- 

- 

Kong-Yew Wong 

- 

- 

All Directors and Executive Officers of the Company as a Group (7 persons) 

1,657,514 

7.2 

Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 

(1) 
 9,660,000 ordinary shares were issued to Watermark Developments Limited at closing of the Business Combination, of which at closing of the Business Combination (a) approximately 25.6 are beneficially owned by Fan Pingli through Wilke Services Limited, at Suite 9, Ansuya Estate, Revolution Avenue Victoria, Mahe, Seychelles, (b) approximately 11.1 are beneficially owned by Kelvin Chen, through Interglobe Venture Inc, at Ground Floor, Coastal Building, Wickhams Cay II, PO Box 3169, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands, (c) approximately 10.9 are beneficially owned by Hartanto through Mount Locke Limited, at Suite 9, Ansuya Estate, Revolution Avenue Victoria, Mahe, Seychelles, (d) approximately 10.9 are beneficially owned by Koh Yong Pau through Pine Alliance Limited, at Vistra Corporate Services Centre, Wickhams Cay II Road Town, Tortola VG 1110 British Virgin Islands, (e) approximately 10.9 are beneficially owned by Kng Pong Sai through Scotgold Holdings Limited, at Vistra Corporate Services Centre, Wickhams Cay II Road Town, Tortola VG 1110 British Virgin Islands, and (f) approximately 10.9 are beneficially owned by Janic Pacific Limited, at Vistra Corporate Services Centre, Wickhams Cay II Road Town, Tortola VG 1110 British Virgin Islands. The remaining shareholders of Watermark Developments Limited each own less than 5 of Watermark Developments Limited. The address of Watermark Developments Limited is c/o Vistra Corporate Services Centre, Wickhams Cay II, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin Islands. 

56 

(2) 
 Includes (i) 2,223,850 shares held by 8i Holdings 2 Pte. Ltd of which Mr. Tan is the sole shareholder and director and therefore has the sole voting and dispositive power over these shares; and (ii) 146,125 shares underlying warrants acquired by Mr. Tan in a private placement that closed concurrently with the Company s initial public offering. The address for 8i Holdings 2 Pte. Ltd is c/o 6 Eu Tong Sen Street #08-13 Singapore 059817. 

(3) 
 Dr. Kelvin Chen beneficially owns 100,000 ordinary shares of Watermark, which owns 9,660,000 Company Ordinary Shares. 

(4) 
 Steven John Sobak beneficially owns 535 ordinary shares of Watermark, which owns 9,660,000 Company Ordinary Shares. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director
Independence 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and through the date of this Annual Report, EUDA (including any of its subsidiaries) has entered into the following related party
transactions (with each transaction involving the aggregate amount in excess of 120,000) with our executive officer, director,
nominee to become a director or a holder of more than 5 of our ordinary shares, including any of their immediate family members and
affiliates, and entities owned or controlled by such persons. 

Settlement Agreement with Kelvin Chen, our CEO 

On May
26, 2023, EUDA issued to Dr. Kelvin Chen, EUDA s CEO, 850,306 restricted ordinary shares at 1.00 per share pursuant to a settlement
agreement between Dr. Chen and EUDA, dated May 16, 2023 (the Chen Settlement Agreement in full satisfaction of Dr. Chen s
claim for unpaid loans in the aggregate principal amount of 850,306 (or approximately S 1,136,264.06) of Kent Ridge Healthcare Singapore
Pte Ltd. KRHSG ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of EUDA. In order to comply with Nasdaq s shareholder approval requirement
for issuance of stock to an executive officer of a company pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c), EUDA, KRHSG and Dr. Chen amended the
Chen Settlement Agreement by entering into a Supplemental Agreement (the Supplemental Agreement on June 6, 2023, so that
the shares issued to Dr. Chen would be issued at a per share price not less than the closing bid price of 1.47 per share on May 15, 2023,
the day prior to the execution of the Chen Settlement Agreement. Pursuant to the Supplemental Agreement, Dr. Chen has agreed to release
and discharge KRHSG of all claims in return for 578,439 ordinary shares at 1.47 per share, and to forfeit and surrender 271,867 ordinary
shares of the 850,306 ordinary shares issued to him on May 16, 2023. 

Agreements with James Tan, former Chief Executive
Officer and significant shareholder 

On January 12, 2022, March 28,
2022 and August 16, 2022, the Company issued promissory notes to Mr. Tan in the amount of 300,000, 500,000 and 200,000, respectively,
evidencing loans from Mr. Tan to the Company for working capital purposes. On November 17, 2022 at the Closing of the Business Combination,
 300,000 was repaid to Mr. Tan and a new convertible promissory note was issued in the aggregate principal amount of 700,000 (the Tan
2022 Note ). The Tan 2022 Note was interest free and was due on the one-year anniversary of the Closing of the Business Combination.
Pursuant to the Tan 2022 Note, on November 17, 2023, the maturity date, James Tan would have the right to convert the unpaid principal
amount of the Tan 2022 Note into ordinary shares of the Company based on the five day volume weighted average price of the Company s
ordinary shares immediately preceding the maturity date. 

Pursuant
to a loan agreement dated January 9, 2023, James Tan loaned the Company an additional 145,450 (the Initial Tan Loan at
8 interest per annum and was to be repaid by March 31, 2023. The Initial Tan Loan was not timely repaid by March 31, 2023, and was replaced
as disclosed below. 

Pursuant
to a second loan agreement with the Company dated April 24, 2023, James Tan loaned the Company an additional 332,750 (the Tan
Second Loan at 8 interest per annum, which matures on the earlier of June 30, 2023 or within seven days of the Company receiving
the proceeds from the sales of securities in the private placement (the Private Placement ). Pursuant to the terms of the
Tan Second Loan, the Company agreed to issue to James Tan a new promissory note in the principal amount of 145,450 dated April 24, 2023
(the Tan First Loan to replace the Initial Tan Loan. The Tan First Loan contained the same payment terms as the Tan Second
Loan. 

57 

On May
15, 2023, James Tan entered into a third loan agreement with the Company pursuant to which James Tan agreed to loan the Company an additional
 22,500 (the Tan Third Loan ), provided that the Company issued a new promissory note to James Tan in the principal amount
of 700,000 (the Tan 2023 Note to replace the Tan 2022 Note. The Tan Third Loan would bear interest at 8 per annum, and
would be repaid upon the earlier of June 30, 2023 or within seven days of the Company receiving the proceeds from the sales of securities
in the Private Placement. 

On May
15, 2023, the Company issued to James Tan the Tan 2023 Note to replace the Tan 2022 Note. The Tan 2023 Note was an interest-free convertible
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 700,000. On May 15, 2023, James Tan elected to convert the entire unpaid principal
in the amount of 700,000 of the Tan 2023 Note into ordinary shares of the Company at 1.00 per share in accordance with the terms of
the Tan 2023 Note. On May 16, 2023, the Company issued to James Tan 700,000 ordinary shares in full satisfaction of the Tan 2023 Note.
Pursuant to the terms of the Tan 2023 Note, the Company has agreed to register the 700,000 ordinary shares for resale. We refer to these
700,000 restricted ordinary shares as the Converted Shares. As of the date of this report, the Tan 2023 Note has been converted
in full into the Converted Shares and is no longer outstanding. 

On May 16, 2023, the Company issued
to James Tan an aggregate of 478,200 restricted ordinary shares pursuant to a Settlement Agreement between the Company and James Tan dated
May 16, 2023 in full settlement of all obligations of the Company under the Tan First Loan and the Tan Second Loan. As of the date of
this report, the Tan Third Loan remains outstanding. 

All of
the above related party transactions were approved by the Company s Board of Directors and ratified by its audit committee pursuant
to the Related Party Transactions Policy described below and the audit committee charter. 

Cadence Health Pte.
Ltd. Cadence 

Cadence
had the same shareholders as EUDA prior to the Business Combination and until April 2022, was a related party clinic service vendor of
EUDA. As of December 31, 2022, EUDA had an aggregate receivable amount of 266,653 with Cadence which has since been repaid. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, EUDA incurred and owed to Cadence an aggregate medical service fee of 496,383. Beginning in April 2022,
EUDA directly utilized third party clinic service providers and no longer used Cadence. See Note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

Indemnification Agreements 

At the Closing of the Business
Combination, the Company entered into indemnification agreements with each of its directors and executive officers. Each indemnification
agreement provides for indemnification and advancement by the Company of certain expenses and costs relating to claims, suits or proceedings
arising from service as an officer, director, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law. We believe that these indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. 

Forgiveness of debt by a related party 

On March 31, 2022, the Company and Wilke entered into
a deed of release of debt Deed ), pursuant to the Deed, upon the closing of the Business Combination, Wilke agrees to release
and discharge the Company from the Obligation to repay to Wilke of 2,763,018. As Wilke s shareholder also is a shareholder of the
Company under common control, such debt forgiveness were treated as an addition to the Company s capital during the year ended December
31, 2022. 

58 

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 

In connection with the closing
of the Business Combination, the Company entered into an amended and restated registration rights agreement with certain existing shareholders
of the Company and with the Seller with respect to their ordinary shares of the Company acquired before or pursuant to the Share Purchase,
and including the shares issuable on conversion of the warrants issued to the Sponsor in connection with the Company s initial public
offering and any shares issuable on conversion of working capital loans from the Sponsor to the Company . The Company further amended
the amended and restated registration rights agreement (as amended, the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement to include certain noteholders with respect to the ordinary shares of the Company issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes made
in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. Those securities are referred to herein collectively as the Registrable
Securities. Pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, following the Closing, the Company
is to file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3 (or Form S-1) covering the resale of all or such maximum portion of the Registrable
Securities as permitted by the SEC. The Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other
cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Registrable Securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred
in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Related Party Transactions Policy 

Immediately following the Closing
of the Business Combination, the Company s board of directors adopted a written Related Party Transactions Policy that sets forth
our policies and procedures regarding the identification, review, consideration and oversight of related party transactions. 
For purposes of our policy only, a related party transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series
of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which (i) we (including any of our subsidiaries, if any) we are or will be
a participant, (ii) the aggregate amount involved exceeds or may be expected to exceed 100,000, and (iii) a related party has or will
have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Subject to certain limitations,
transactions involving compensation for services provided to us as an employee or director will not be considered related party transactions
under this policy. A related party is any executive officer, director, nominee to become a director or a holder of more than 5 of any
class of our voting securities (including our ordinary shares), including any of their immediate family members and affiliates, including
entities owned or controlled by such persons. A related party is also someone who has a position or relationship with any firm, corporation
or other entity that engages in the transaction if (i) such person is employed or is a general partner or principal or in a similar position
with significant decision making influence, or (ii) the direct or indirect ownership by such person and all other foregoing persons, in
the aggregate, is 10 or greater in another person which is party to the transaction. 

Under the policy, any related
party, or any director, officer or employee of ours who knows of the transaction, must report the information regarding the proposed related
party transaction to our audit committee for review. To identify related party transactions in advance, we will rely on information supplied
by our executive officers, directors and certain significant shareholders. In considering related party transactions, our audit committee
will take into account the relevant available facts and circumstances, which may include, but are not limited to: 

whether the transaction was undertaken in the ordinary course of business of the Company; 

whether the transaction was initiated by the Company, a subsidiary, a controlled company of the Company, or the related party; 

whether the transaction with the related party is proposed to be, or was, entered into on terms no less favorable to the Company than terms that could have been reached with an unrelated third party; 

the approximate dollar value of the transaction involved, particularly as it relates to the related party; and 

any other information regarding the transaction or the related party that would be material to the Company s shareholders in light of the circumstances of the particular transaction. 

All related party transactions
may be consummated or continued only if approved or ratified by our audit committee. No director or member of our audit committee may
participate in the review, approval or ratification of a transaction with respect to which he or she is a related party, except that such
member may be counted for purposes of a quorum and shall provide such information with respect to the transaction as may be reasonably
requested by other members of our audit committee. 

59 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have also adopted a Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics, a copy of which is posted on our website at https://euda.com/. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Public Accounting Fees 

The
following table presents fees approved by the Audit Committees and billed for professional services rendered for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees (1) 

755,000 

600,000 

Audit-Related Fees (2) 

- 

88,973 

Tax Fees (3) 

- 

- 

All Other Fees (4) 

- 

- 

Total 

755,000 

688,973 

(1) 
 Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees for the audit of our annual financial statements and the reviews of our interim financial statements. Audit fees for each period also include related services that are normally provided in connection with registration statements. 
 
 (2) 
 Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
 
 (3) 
 Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

(4) 
 All Other Fees. All other fees represent amounts billed in each of the years presented for services not classifiable under the other categories listed in the table above. 

60 

Pre-Approval of Services 

Since
our audit committee had not yet been formed when the work commenced in 2021, the audit committee was not able to pre-approve all of the
foregoing services, although all such services were approved by our board of directors. All services subsequent to the formation of the
audit committee have been approved by the audit committee. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 All financial statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Marcum Asia CPAs LLP, PCAOB ID 5395) 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Friedman LLP, PCAOB ID 711) 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8
 to F-44 

(2) 
 Financial statement schedules 

Not
Applicable 

61 

(3) 
 Exhibits
 required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 Schedule/ Form 

File 
 Number 
 
 Exhibits 

Filing Date 
 
 2.1 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement between 8i Acquisition 2 Corp., EUDA Health Limited, Watermark Developments Limited, and Kwong Yeow Liew dated April 11, 2022 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268994 
 
 2.1 
 
 December 23, 2022 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Share Purchase Agreement between 8i Acquisition 2 Corp., EUDA Health Limited, Watermark Developments Limited, and Kwong Yeow Liew dated May 30, 2022 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268994 
 
 2.2 
 
 December 23, 2022 
 
 2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Share Purchase Agreement between 8i Acquisition 2 Corp., EUDA Health Limited, Watermark Developments Limited, and Kwong Yeow Liew dated June 10, 2022 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268994 
 
 2.3 
 
 December 23, 2022 
 
 2.4 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Share Purchase Agreement between 8i Acquisition 2 Corp., EUDA Health Limited, Watermark Developments Limited, and Kwong Yeow Liew dated September 7, 2022 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268994 
 
 2.4 
 
 December 23, 2022 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of EUDA Health Holdings Limited 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268994 
 
 3.1 
 
 December 23, 2022 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268994 
 
 4.1 
 
 December 23, 2022 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and 8i Acquisition 2 Corp. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268994 
 
 4.2 
 
 December 23, 2022 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate of EUDA Health Holdings Limited 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268994 
 
 4.3 
 
 December 23, 2022 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268994 
 
 10.1 
 
 December 23, 2022 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of First Amendment to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268994 
 
 10.2 
 
 December 23, 2022 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268994 
 
 10.3 
 
 December 23, 2022 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Lock-up Agreement 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268994 
 
 10.4 
 
 December 23, 2022 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Seller Release 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268994 
 
 10.5 
 
 December 23, 2022 
 
 10.6 
 
 Settlement Agreement with Mr. Meng Dong (James) Tan, dated May 16, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40678 
 
 10.1 
 
 May 26, 2023 
 
 10.7 
 
 Settlement Agreement with 8i Holdings 2 Pte Ltd., dated May 16, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40678 
 
 10.2 
 
 May 26, 2023 
 
 10.8 
 
 Settlement Agreement with Shine Link Limited, dated May 16, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40678 
 
 10.3 
 
 May 26, 2023 
 
 10.9 
 
 Settlement Agreement with Menora Capital Pte Ltd, dated May 16, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40678 
 
 10.4 
 
 May 26, 2023 
 
 10.10 
 
 Settlement Agreement with Kelvin Chen, dated May 16, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40678 
 
 10.5 
 
 May 26, 2023 
 
 10.10.1 
 
 Supplemental Agreement with Kelvin Chen, dated June 6, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40678 
 
 10.1 
 
 June 9, 2023 
 
 10.11 
 
 Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement dated November 9, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40678 
 
 10.1 
 
 November 10, 2022 
 
 10.11.1 
 
 Amendment to Prepaid Forward Agreement dated June 8, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40678 
 
 10.2 
 
 June 9, 2023 
 
 10.12 
 
 Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement dated November 13, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40678 
 
 10.1 
 
 November 14, 2022 

62 

10.12.1 
 
 Amendment to Prepaid Forward Agreement dated June 8, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40678 
 
 10.3 
 
 June 9, 2023 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from UHY LLP to the SEC, dated November 23, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40678 
 
 16.1 
 
 November 23, 2022 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Friedman LLP 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Friedman LLP under Change in Registrant s Certifying Accountant 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104.1 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL) 

Filed herewith. 

 Furnished herewith. 

63 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

June 28, 2023 
 /s/
 Wei Wen Kelvin Chen 

Wei Wen Kelvin Chen 

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director (principal executive officer) 

Power of Attorney 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE
PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Wei Wen Kelvin Chen and Steven John Sobak, jointly and
severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes,
may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

June 28, 2023 
 /s/
 Wei Wen Kelvin Chen 

Wei Wen Kelvin Chen 

Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

June 28, 2023 
 /s/
 Steven John Sobak 

Steven John Sobak 

Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

June 28, 2023 
 /s/
 Ajay Kumar Rajpal 

Ajay Kumar Rajpal 

June 28, 2023 
 /s/
 Alfred Lim 

Alfred Lim 

Executive Director 

June 28, 2023 
 /s/
 Eric Lew 

Eric Lew 

Director 

June 28, 2023 
 /s/
 Kong-Yew Wong 

Kong-Yew Wong 

Director 

64 

EUDA HEALTH HOLDINGS LTD 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Marcum Asia CPAs LLP, PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Friedman LLP PCAOB ID: 711) 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8
 to F-44 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 EUDA
Health Holdings Limited 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of EUDA Health Holdings Limited (the Company as of December 31,
2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders equity (deficit) and cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more
fully described in Note 2, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise
additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

As
part of our audit of the financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, we also audited the adjustments to the
2021 financial statements to retrospectively apply the change in accounting related to the reverse recapitalization described in Note
4. In our opinion, such adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied. We were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any
procedures to the 2021 financial statements, other than with respect to the retrospective adjustments and, accordingly, we do not express
an opinion or any other form of assurance on the 2021 financial statements as a whole. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP
by Marcum Asia CPAs LLP effective September 1, 2022) 

June
28, 2023 

NEW YORK OFFICE 7 Penn Plaza Suite 830 New York, New York 10001 

 Phone 646.442.4845 Fax 646.349.5200
 www.marcumasia.com 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 EUDA
Health Limited 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited, before the effects of the adjustments to retrospectively apply the change in accounting related to the reverse recapitalization
described in Note 4, the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of EUDA Health Limited (the Company as of December 31,
2021, and the related consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows
for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our
opinion, except for the effects of the adjustments to retrospectively apply the change in accounting related to the reverse recapitalization
described in Note 4, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operation and its cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We
were not engaged to audit, review or apply any procedures to the adjustments to retrospectively apply the change in accounting related
to the reverse recapitalization as described in Note 4, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance about
whether such adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied. Those adjustments were audited by other auditor. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Friedman LLP 

We
served as the Company s auditor in 2022 

New
York, New York 

June
3, 2022, except for Note 3 which is dated July 25, 2022 

F- 3 

EUDA HEALTH HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

- 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other receivables 

Due from related parties 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Forward purchase receivables 

- 

Total Current Assets 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

OTHER ASSETS 

Other receivables - non-current 

- 

Prepaid expenses - non-current 

- 

Intangible assets, net 

- 

Goodwill 

- 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Finance lease right-of-use assets 

Loan to third party 

- 

Total
 Other Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Short term loans - bank and private lender 

Short term loans - third parties 

- 

Promissory note 

- 

Convertible notes 

- 

Convertible notes - related parties 

- 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party 

- 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Other payables - related parties 

Operating lease liability 

Finance lease liabilities 

Prepaid forward purchase liabilities 

- 

Taxes payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

OTHER LIABILITIES 

Deferred tax liabilities 

- 

Operating lease liability - non-current 

- 

Finance lease liabilities - non-current 

Total Other Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

- 

- 

SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Ordinary shares, 
 par value, unlimited 
 shares authorized, shares and
 shares outstanding as
 of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

Total Euda Health Holdings Limited Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

() 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

() 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

EUDA HEALTH HOLDINGS LTD 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

2022 

2021 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

REVENUES 

Medical services 

Medical services - related parties 

Product sales 

Property management services 

Total Revenues 

COST OF REVENUES 

Medical services 

Medical services - related party 

Product sales 

Property management services 

Total Cost of Revenues 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Selling 

General and administrative 

Earnout share payment 

- 

Impairment loss on long-lived assets and goodwill 

- 

Research and development 

Total Operating Expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

() 

() 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 
 
 Gain on disposal of subsidiary 

- 

Change in fair value of prepaid forward purchase liabilities 

() 

- 

Other income, net 

Investment income 

- 

Total Other Income (Expense), net 

() 

(LOSS) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

() 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

NET (LOSS) INCOME 

() 

Less: Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

() 

NET (LOSS) INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO EUDA HEALTH HOLDINGS LIMITED 

() 

NET (LOSS) INCOME 

() 

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENT 

() 

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

() 

Less: Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

() 

COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO EUDA HEALTH HOLDINGS LIMIT 

() 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES 

Basic and diluted 

(LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE 

Basic and diluted 

() 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

EUDA HEALTH HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGE IN SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Shares 

Capital 

deficit) 

income (loss) 

interest 

Total 

Retained 

Accumulated 

earnings 

other 

Ordinary shares 

(Accumulated 

comprehensive 

Noncontrolling 

Shares 

Capital 

deficit) 

income (loss) 

interest 

Total 

BALANCE, December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net income 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

- 

- 

- 

BALANCE, December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Net income (loss) 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Capital contributions 

- 

- 

- 

Forgiveness of debt by a related party 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Earnout shares payment 

- 

- 

- 

- 

,199,629 

Issuance of ordinary shares 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of ordinary shares upon the Reverse Recapitalization 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 
 
 BALANCE, December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

EUDA HEALTH HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

December 31, 

December 31, 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (loss) income 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of operating right-of-use asset 

Amortization of finance right-of-use assets 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Deferred taxes benefits 

() 

() 
 
 Investment income 

- 

() 
 
 Gain on disposal of subsidiary 

() 

- 

Earnout payment 

- 

Impairment loss on goodwill 

- 

Impairment loss on intangible assets 

- 

Change in fair value of prepaid forward purchase liabilities 

- 

Change in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 
 
 Interest receivable from loan to third party 

- 

() 
 
 Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 
 
 Accounts payable 

Accounts payables - related party 

() 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Taxes payable 

() 

Operating lease liability 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Loan to third party 

() 

- 

Cash acquired through business combination 

- 

() 
 
 Cash released upon disposal of a subsidiary 

() 

- 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of ordinary shares 

- 

Capital contributions 

- 

Proceeds from the Reverse Recapitalization 

- 

Payments of merger costs 

() 

- 

Repayments from other receivable - related parties 

Proceeds from short-term loans - bank and private lender 

Repayments to short-term loans - bank and private lender 

() 

() 
 
 Repayments to short-term loans - third parties 

- 

() 
 
 Borrowings from other payables - related parties 

Payment of finance lease liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES 

() 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH 

() 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, beginning of the year 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, end of the year 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for income tax 

Cash paid for interest 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Initial recognition of operating right of use asset and lease liability 

Initial recognition of payables to former subsidiary upon disposal of subsidiary 

- 

Conversion of debt into a promissory note 

- 

Conversion of debts into convertible notes 

- 

Forgiveness of debt by a related party 

- 

Issuance of ordinary shares upon the Reverse Recapitalization 

- 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

- 

Total cash and restricted cash 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 7 

EUDA HEALTH
HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (In U.S. dollars, unless stated otherwise) 

of the equity interests in Kent Ridge Healthcare Singapore Private Limited KRHSG through KRHPL for consideration of SG . 

On July 24, 2021, EHL acquired of the equity interests in EUDA Private Limited EUDA PL through KRHPL for consideration of SG . 

On August 1, 2021, Kent Ridge Health Limited KRHL ), EHL s wholly owned subsidiary, acquired of the equity interests in Super Gateway Group Limited SGGL through KRHPL for consideration of SG . 

On August 3, 2021, EHL acquired of the equity interests in Singapore Emergency Medical Assistance Private Limited SEMA through KRHPL for no consideration. 

Before and after the Reorganization, the Company,
together with its subsidiaries (as indicated above), is effectively controlled by the same shareholders, and therefore the Reorganization
is considered as a recapitalization of entities under common control in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805-50-25. The consolidation of the Company and its subsidiaries have been accounted for at historical cost and prepared on the basis
as if the aforementioned transactions had become effective as of the beginning of the first period presented in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements in accordance with ASC 805-50-45-5. 

Reorganization under KRHPL 

Prior to the Reorganization, KRHPL entered into a
Sales and Purchase of Shares Agreement KRHSG Agreement with the sole shareholder of KRHSG who is under common control
of the majority shareholders of KRHPL on December 2, 2019. Pursuant to the KRHSG Agreement, KRHPL will acquire of the equity interests
in KRHSG Reorganization of KRHSG for a total consideration of SG Total Consideration ). The transaction
was completed and effective on January 3, 2020. Since KRHSG and KRHPL are effectively controlled by the same shareholders of EHL, and
therefore the Reorganization is under common control at carrying value. The financial statements of KRHSG are prepared on the basis as
if the restructuring of KRHSG became effective as of the beginning of the first period presented in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements of EHL. 

Prior to the Reorganization, KRHPL entered into a
Sales and Purchase of Shares Agreement EUDA PL Agreement with the sole shareholder of EUDA PL who is under common control
of the majority shareholders of KRHPL on December 2, 2019. Pursuant to the EUDA PL Agreement, KRHPL will acquire of the equity interests
in EUDA PL Reorganization of EUDA PL for a total consideration of SG Total Consideration ). The transaction
was completed and effective on January 3, 2020. Since EUDA PL and LRHPL are effectively controlled by the same shareholders of EHL, and
therefore the Reorganization is under common control at carrying value. The financial statements of EUDA PL are prepared on the basis
as if the restructuring of EUDA PL became effective as of the beginning of the first period presented in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements of EHL. 

Prior to the Reorganization, KRHPL entered into a
Sales and Purchase of Shares Agreement SEMA Agreement with the sole shareholder of SEMA who is effectively controlled
by the same shareholders of KRHPL on December 31, 2019. Pursuant to the SEMA PL Agreement, KRHPL will acquire of the equity interests
in SEMA Reorganization of SEMA for no consideration. SEMA is a holding company and has no operations prior to December
31, 2019. 

A British Virgin Islands company
Incorporated on 
A holding Company 
 
 owned by EUDA 

A Singapore company 
Incorporated on 
Multi-care specialty group offering range of specialty care services to patients. 
 
 owned by EHL 

A Singapore company 
Incorporated on 
A digital health company that provides a platform to serve the healthcare industry 
 
 owned by EHL 

A Vietnam company 
Incorporated on 
A Research and Development Company 
 
 owned by EUDA PL 

A Singapore company 
Incorporated 
A holding company 
 
 owned by EHL 
 
 (1) 

A Singapore company 
Incorporated on 
Medical facility general practice clinic that provides holistic care for various illnesses 
 
 owned by SEMA 

ED PL 

A Singapore company 
Incorporated on 
A platform solution for doctors and physicians to find, connect, and collaborate with trusted peers, specialists, and other professionals 
 
 owned by EHL 

Operation has not been commenced 

KR Hill PL 

A Singapore company 
Incorporated on 
A B2B2C pharmaceutical and OTC drugs e-commerce platform to promote its drug products 
 
 owned by EHL 

Operation has not been commenced 

KRHL 

A British Virgin Islands company 
Incorporated on 
A holding company 
 
 owned by EHL 
 
 ZKT PL 

A Singapore company 
Incorporated on 
A holding company 
 
 owned by KRHL 
 
 SGGL 

A British Virgin Islands company 
Incorporated on 
A holding company 
 
 owned by KRHL 

A Singapore company 
Incorporated on 
Registered capital of RMB 
A holding company 
 
 owned by SGGL 
 
 . Melana 

A Singapore company 
Incorporated on 
Property management service that services shopping malls, business office building, or residential apartments 
 
 owned by UGI 
 
 Tri-Global 

A Singapore company 
Incorporated on 
Property security service that services shopping malls, business office building, or residential apartments 
 
 owned by UGI 

A Singapore company 
Incorporated on 
A holding company 
 
 owned by UGI 

A Singapore company 
Incorporated on 
A virtual personal training platform for fitness enthusiasts 
 
 owned by KRHL 

Operation has not been commenced 

A Singapore company 
Incorporated on 
A B2B e-claims healthcare insurance platform 
 
 owned by KRHL 

Operation has not been commenced 

(2) 

A Singapore company 
Incorporated on 
Development of software and applications 
 
 owned by KRHL 

Operation has not been commenced 

(2) 

A Malaysian company 
Incorporated on 
Distribution of health care supplement products 
 
 owned by KR Digital 

Operation has not been commenced 

(1) 
 of the equity interest in TGC to an unrelated individual third party for a total consideration of SG (see Note 5). 

(2) 
 equity interest of KR Digital Pte Ltd, KR Digital ), a Singapore Company, from Mr. Kelvin Chen, the Company s Chief Executive Office CEO and shareholder for total consideration of SG . Prior to the acquisition of KR Digital, on April 15, 2022, KR Digital acquired equity interest of Zukihealth Sdn Bhd, Zukihealth ), a Malaysia corporation, from Mr. Kelvin Chen, the Company s CEO and shareholder for total consideration of SG . Both KR Digital and Zukihealth have no operations prior to the acquisition in April 2022. KR Digital, through Zukihealth, is expected to carry out the distribution of health care products business. 

million, and the Company had cash and restricted cash of approximately 
million. The Company has experienced recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities since 2020.
In addition, the Company had, and may potentially continue to have, an ongoing need to raise additional cash from outside sources to
fund its expansion plan and related operations. Successful transition to attaining profitable operations is dependent upon achieving
a level of revenues adequate to support the Company s cost structure. In connection with the Company s assessment of
going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. 

If the Company is unable to generate sufficient funds
to finance the working capital requirements of the Company within the normal operating cycle of a twelve-month period from the date of
these financial statements are issued, the Company may have to consider supplementing its available sources of funds through the following
sources: 

other available sources of financing from Singapore banks and other financial institutions or private lender; 

financial support and credit guarantee commitments from the Company s related parties; and 

equity financing. 

The Company can make no assurances that required financings
will be available for the amounts needed, or on terms commercially acceptable to the Company, if at all. If one or all of these events
does not occur or subsequent capital raises are insufficient to bridge financial and liquidity shortfall, there would likely be a material
adverse effect on the Company and would materially adversely affect its ability to continue as a going concern. 

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

Translation of foreign currencies into US 1 have been
made at the following exchange rates for the respective periods: 

Period-end VND: US 1 exchange rate 

Period-end MYR: US 1 exchange rate 

- 

Period-end : US 1 exchange rate 

- 

Period-average SGD: US 1 exchange rate 

Period-average VND: US 1 exchange rate 

Period-average MYR: US 1 exchange rate 

- 

Period-average : US 1 exchange rate 

- 

and , respectively. For the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not write off any allowance for doubtful account against the account receivable
balance. 

allowance for doubtful account related to other receivable was recorded and written off for the year ended December 31, 2022. Nil 
allowance for doubtful account related to other receivable was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021 

allowance for doubtful account related to prepaid expenses was recorded. 

years 
 
 Medical equipment 
 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvement 

The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets
sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive income (loss). Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred, while additions, renewals
and betterments, which are expected to extend the useful life of assets, are capitalized. The Company also re-evaluates the periods of
depreciation to determine whether subsequent events and circumstances warrant revised estimates of useful lives. 

The
Company reviews property and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
an asset may not be recoverable. An asset is considered impaired if its carrying amount exceeds the future net undiscounted cash flows
that the asset is expected to generate. If such asset is considered to be impaired, the impairment recognized is the amount by which the
carrying amount of the asset, if any, exceeds its fair value determined using a discounted cash flow model. For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was impairment of property and equipment recognized. 

years 

The Company amortized the
intangible assets using the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are consumed or otherwise used up in accordance
with ASC Topic 350 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other . 

Separately identifiable intangible
assets to be held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting
from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of any impairment loss for identifiable intangible assets is based
on the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. and nil impairment of intangibles
assets was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

was recognized for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as the carrying amount of each reporting unit is in excess of its fair value for the year ended December 31, 2022 

million and nil impairment of long-lived assets was recognized, respectively. 

as of December 31, 2022 to account for the Prepayment Amount of the Forward Purchase Agreement, as discussed in Note 11. The
Prepayment Amount will be held in a deposit account until the Valuation Date (the second anniversary of the closing of the Business
Combination, subject to certain acceleration provisions). At the Maturity Date, the Sellers are entitled to received 2.50 per
Recycled Shares Maturity Consideration in cash or in shares. As of December 31, 2022, no shares were sold after
Closing. 

In
connection with the Forward Purchase Agreement, the Company recognized a liability in accordance with ASC 480-10-25-8 as the Company
has the obligation to pay cash to settle the maturity consideration, referred to herein as the prepaid forward purchase
liability on its consolidated balance sheets of 
as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 11 for further detail. 

Revenue recognition policies for each type of revenue
stream are as follows: 

(1) Medical Services 

- Performance obligation satisfied at a point in time 

The Company operates on a unified technology
health care platform which provide a full continuum of healthcare services integrated with healthcare data analytics to drive
improved outcomes for patients. The Company operates the medical services on a business-to-business (B2B) platform, and serves the
corporate customers involved in various industries. The Company is primarily generating revenue on a per healthcare visit basis for
specialty medical visits for specialist treatment such as cardiology, dermatology and etc, at the time which the single performance obligation was satisfied. Such fees are paid by the corporate
customers on behalf of their employees. The Company generally bills their corporate customers
for the healthcare visit services on a weekly basis, or in arrears depending on the service, with payment terms generally between 30
to 90 days. There are not significant differences between the timing of revenue recognition and billing. Consequently, the Company
has determined that the Company s contracts do not include a financing component. Revenue is recognized in an amount
that reflects the consideration that is expected in exchange for the service at a point in time at the time of the visit. In
addition, the Company s contracts do not generally contain refund provisions for fees earned related to services
performed. 

The Company accounts for medical service revenue on
a gross basis as the Company is acting as a principal in these transactions and is responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the
specified services, which the Company has control of the services and has the ability to direct the service providers to be performed
to obtain substantially all the benefits. In making this determination, the Company also assesses whether it is primarily obligated in
these transactions, is subject to inventory risk, has latitude in establishing prices, or has met several but not all of these indicators
in accordance with ASC 606-10-55-36 through 40. 

The Company recognizes the medical services revenue
when the control of the specified services is transferred to its customer, which at a point in time at the time after completion of the
visit. 

The Company also operates on a general practice clinic
and generating such revenue on a per healthcare visit basis. Revenues are recognized when the visits are completed at a point in time
at the time of the visit. 

(2) Product Sales 

- Performance obligation satisfied at a point in time 

The Company purchases, sells, and installs facial
recognition and temperature measurement monitor system to corporate customer, where the product and the installation are interrelated
and are not capable of being distinct since the customer cannot benefit from the product or installation either on its own. The Company
recognized the products revenue when control of the product is passed to the customer, which is the point in time that the customers are
able to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the economic benefit of the goods after the installation by the Company s
technician. The transfer of control typically occurs at a point in time based on consideration of when the customer has an obligation
to pay for the goods, and physical possession of, legal title to, and the risks and rewards of ownership of the goods has been transferred,
and the customer has accepted the goods. Revenue is recognized net of estimates of variable consideration, including product returns,
customer discounts and allowance. Historically, the Company has not experienced any significant returns. 

(3) Property Management Services 

- Performance obligation satisfied over a period of
time 

The Company provides property management services
in shopping malls, business office building, or residential apartments to all tenants and property owners. Property management services
include common area property management services that contain cleaning, landscaping, public facilities maintenance and other traditional
services and also include security property management services provided to all tenants and property owners. Each of the two services
is within separate agreements. The Company identified common area property management services as a single performance obligation as the
kinds of service in the contract are not capable of being distinct and identified the security management services as another single performance
obligation as there is only one service that is to provide security services. 

The Company recognizes the common area property management
revenue and security property management revenue on a straight-line basis over the terms of the common area property management agreement
and security property management agreement, generally over one year period because its customer simultaneously receives and consumes the
benefits provided by the Company throughout the performance obligations period. 

The Company has elected to apply the practical expedient
to expense costs as incurred for incremental costs to obtain a contract when the amortization period would have been one year or less.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any contract assets. 

The Company recognized advance payments from its customer
prior to revenue recognition as contract liability until the revenue recognition performance obligation are met. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company did not have any contract liability. 

Disaggregated information of revenues by products/services
are as follows: 

Medical services general practice 

Medical services general practice (related parties) 

Medical services subtotal 

Product sales 

Property management service common area management 

Property management service security management 

Property management service 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues 

(1) Medical Services 

Cost of revenues mainly consists of medical supplies
purchased and medical service was provided by Cadence Health Pte. Ltd., a related party, prior to March 2022. Medical supplies purchased
and medical service provided by the third party service providers were insignificant prior to March 2022. Beginning in April 2022, cost
of revenues mainly consists of medical supplies purchased and medical service are provided by third party service providers. 

(2) Product Sales 

Cost of revenues mainly consists of medical product
or equipment purchased for resale. 

(3) Property Management Services 

Cost of revenues mainly consists of labor expenses
incurred attributable to property management service. 

Disaggregated information of cost of revenues by products/services
are as follows: 

Medical services specialty care (related party) 

Medical services general practices 

Medical services subtotal 

Product sales 

Property management services common area management 

Property management services security management 

Property management services 

Total cost of revenues 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The related contribution plans include: 

Singapore subsidiaries 

- Central Provident Fund CPF 
 ; 

- Skill Development Levy SDL 
 (SGD . 

Vietnam subsidiary 

- Social Insurance Fund SIF 
 ; 

- Trade Union Fee of SIF 

. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. No penalties and
interest incurred related to underpayment of income tax for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As
of December 31, 2022, the tax returns of the Company s Singapore entities for the calendar year from 2019 through 2022 remain open
for statutory examination by Singapore tax authorities. 

The Company recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits, if any, on the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Accrued interest and penalties
are included on the related tax liability line in the consolidated balance. 

The Company conducts much of its business activities
in Singapore and is subject to tax in its jurisdiction. As a result of its business activities, the Company s subsidiaries file
separate tax returns that are subject to examination by the foreign tax authorities. 

Less: Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

() 

Net (loss)/income attributable to common shareholders, basic 

() 

Denominator 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

(Loss)/Earnings per share, basic and diluted 

() 

As of December
31, 2022, the Company had dilutive securities from the outstanding convertible notes and warrants are convertible into and 
of the Company s ordinary shares, respectively, were not included in the computation of dilutive loss per share because the inclusion
of such convertible notes and warrants would be anti-dilutive. 

- 

- 

Change in fair value of prepaid forward purchase liabilities 

Ending balance 

In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives
and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an
Entity s Own Equity, to address the complexity in accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities
and equity. Amongst other provisions, the amendments in this ASU significantly change the guidance on the issuer s accounting for
convertible instruments and the guidance on the derivative scope exception for contracts in an entity s own equity such that fewer
conversion features will require separate recognition, and fewer freestanding instruments, like warrants, will require liability treatment.
The Company early adopted this ASU on January 1, 2022, and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

In October 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-08, Codification
Improvements to Subtopic 310-20, Receivables Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs . The amendments in this Update represent
changes to clarify the Codification. The amendments make the Codification easier to understand and easier to apply by eliminating inconsistencies
and providing clarifications. ASU 2020-08 is effective for the Company for annual and interim reporting periods beginning January 1, 2021.
Early adoption was permitted, including adoption in an interim period. All entities should apply the amendments in this Update on a prospective
basis as of the beginning of the period of adoption for existing or newly purchased callable debt securities. These amendments do not
change the effective dates for Update 2017-08. The adoption of this standard on January 1, 2021 did not have a material impact on its
consolidated financial statements. 

In October 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-10, Codification
Improvements to Subtopic 205-10, presentation of financial statements . The amendments in this Update improve the codification by
ensuring that all guidance that requires or provides an option for an entity to provide information in the notes to financial statements
is codified in the disclosure section of the codification. That reduce the likelihood that the disclosure requirement would be missed.
The amendments also clarify guidance so that an entity can apply the guidance more consistently. ASU 2020-10 is effective for the Company
for annual and interim reporting periods beginning January 1, 2022. Early application of the amendments is permitted for any annual or
interim period for which financial statements are available to be issued. The amendments in this Update should be applied retrospectively.
An entity should apply the amendments at the beginning of the period that includes the adoption date. The adoption of this standard on
January 1, 2022 did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Except as mentioned above, the Company does not believe
other recently issued but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s
consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) and statements of cash flows. 

issued and outstanding shares of EHL were converted into shares of the Company s par value ordinary shares after giving effect to the exchange ratio of Exchange Ratio and 

the entitlement of shares Earnout Shares of the Company s no par value ordinary shares issued to the Seller subject to the following four triggering events: 

additional Earnout Shares to be issued if during the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the first anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company s share price is equal to or greater than Fifteen Dollars after the Closing Date; 

additional Earnout Shares to be issued if during the period beginning on the first anniversary of the Closing Date and ending on the second anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company s share price is equal to or greater than Twenty Dollars ); 

additional Earnout Shares to be issued if the consolidated audited financial statements of EUDA for the fiscal year commencing January 1, 2023 and ending December 31, 2023, reflect that EUDA has achieved both of the following financial metrics for such fiscal year: (x) revenues of at least and (y) net income attributable to EUDA of at least . 

additional Earnout Shares to be issued if the consolidated audited financial statements of EUDA for the fiscal year commencing January 1, 2024 and ending December 31, 2024, reflect that EUDA has achieved both of the following financial metrics for such fiscal year: (x) revenues of at least and (y) net income attributable to EUDA of at least . 

In connection
with the closing the Business Combination: 

all 8i s par value public ordinary shares of , net of the redemption of shares of Company s no par value ordinary shares, remained outstanding; 

all 8i s par value private ordinary shares of remained outstanding; 

all 8i s par value founder shares of remained outstanding; 

all 8i s rights, consisting of public rights and private rights, automatically converted into an aggregate of of the Company s no par value ordinary shares; 

shares of the Company s no par value ordinary shares were issued to a service provider in connection with the business combination; 

shares of the Company s no par value ordinary shares were issued to a service provider in connection with the closing of transactions contemplated pursuant to certain share purchase agreement. Such issuance of the ordinary share serves the purpose of securing the repayment of convertible promissory note to the service provider; 

Less: redemption of 8i ordinary shares 

() 
 
 Conversion of 8i rights 

Shares issued to service providers 

Conversion of EHL ordinary shares into 8i ordinary shares 

Total shares outstanding 

EHL
was determined to be the accounting acquirer given EHL effectively controlled the combined entity after the SPAC Transaction. The transaction
is not a business combination because 8i was not a business. The transaction is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, which is
equivalent to the issuance of shares by EHL for the net monetary assets of 8i, accompanied by a recapitalization. EHL is determined as
the accounting acquirer and the historical financial statements of EHL became the Company s historical financial statements, with
retrospective adjustments to give effect of the reverse recapitalization. The net assets of 8i were recognized as of the closing date
at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Merger are those of EHL and EHL s
operations are the only ongoing operations of EHL. 

In connection
with the Reverse Recapitalization, the Company raised approximately million of proceeds, presented as cash flows from financing activities,
which included the contribution of approximately million of funds held in 8i s trust account, approximately million of
cash held in 8i s operating cash account, net of approximately million paid to redeem public shares of 8i s
ordinary shares, approximately million in transaction costs incurred by 8i, approximately million prepayment of two forward
purchase agreements, and repayments of a promissory note in the amount of million issued to 8i s related party. 

Funds held in 8i s operating cash account 

Less: amount paid to redeem public shares of 8i s ordinary shares 

() 
 
 Less: payments of transaction costs incurred by 8i 

() 
 
 Less: payments of forward purchase agreements 

() 
 
 Less: repayments of promissory note related party of 8i 

() 
 
 Proceeds from the Reverse Recapitalization 

Less: unpaid deferred underwriting fee 

() 
 
 Less: unpaid transaction costs incurred by 8i 

() 
 
 Less: payment and accrued expenses of transaction costs related to the Reverse Recapitalization 

() 
 
 Add: non-cash net assets assumed from 8i 

Net contributions from issuance of ordinary shares upon the Reverse Recapitalization 

The shares and corresponding capital amounts and all
per share data related to EHL s outstanding ordinary shares prior to the Reverse Recapitalization have been retroactively adjusted
using the Exchange Ratio . 

of the equity interest in TGC to an unrelated individual for a total consideration of SG TGC
transaction ). TGC is not a significant subsidiary and the disposition of all of the equity interests in TGC did not constitute
a strategic shift that would have a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results. As a result, the results of
operations for TGC were not reported as discontinued operations under the guidance of ASC 205 Presentation of Financial Statements. 
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a gain of on the disposal of all of the deficit interests in TGC. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

() 

() 
 
 Total accounts receivable, net 

million (SGD
 million) were pledged to the short term loan from United Overseas Bank Limited (See Note 13). 

Addition 

Exchange rate effect 

() 
 
 Ending balance 

Employee advance 

Others 

Total other receivables 

Other receivables non-current 

- 

() 
 
 Other receivables current 

- 

Write-off 

() 

- 

Ending balance 

- 

- 

million (SGD in BPT s affordable home program in Indonesia. On March 1, 2021, both parties entered into a mutual termination agreement
 Agreement to terminate the investment agreement. Upon execution of this Agreement, BPT agreed to repay UGI s
 investment amounted to 
 (SGD ),
 and compensated UGI with the additional amount of (SGD ).
 The Company recognized the compensation portion (the excess of the settled amount over the original invested amount) from investment
 as other income for the year ended December 31, 2021. In May 2022, the Company has collected approximately 
 million (SGD and signed an installment payments agreement with the BPT to repay the remaining balance of approximately 
 million (SGD in eight equal quarterly installments with annual As of the date of the issuance of these financial statements, the Company has collected two
 scheduled quarterly installments of approximately 
 million (SGD ).
 However, due to the skipped repayments from BPT on January 31, 2023 and forward, Company determined the remaining balance due from
 BPT is at risk and more likely than not the Company will be able to recover such balance. As a result, the Company fully wrote off
 the remaining balance of receivable from divestment due from BPT for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Medical equipment 

Leasehold improvement 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 
 
 Total 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 
 
 Less: Impairment 

() 

- 

Exchange rate effect 

() 

- 

Total intangible assets, net 

- 

Amortization expense for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. The management performed quantitative assessment and determined to
fully impair the carrying value of intangible assets due to the Company s limited business development and uncertain surrounding
economic environment. For the year ended December 31, 2022, The Company recorded impairment loss related to intangible assets. 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Impairment 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

Balance 

- 

- 

- 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company record 
and nil impairment loss on good will, respectively. 

shares and shares, respectively. Seller 1 and Seller 2 have
agreed to hold the Recycled Shares 1 and Recycled Shares 2, for the benefit of (a) 8i Acquisition until the closing of the Business Combination
(the Closing and (b) the Company after the Closing (each a Counterparty ). Seller 1 and Seller 2 also may
not beneficially own greater than of issued and outstanding Shares following the Business Combination. 

The
key terms of the forward contracts are as follows: 

- Sellers can terminate the Transaction no later than
the later of: (a) Third Local Business Day following the Optional Early Termination OET (b) the first Payment Date after
the OET Date which shall specify the quantity by which the Number of Shares is to be reduced (such quantity, the Terminated Shares Seller shall terminate the Transaction in respect of any Shares sold on or prior to the Maturity Date. The Counterparty is entitled to
an amount from the Seller equal to the number of terminated shares multiplied by the Reset Price. 

-Seller 1 and Seller 2 are entitled to receive the
Maturity Consideration, an amount equal to the product of: (1) Number of Recycled Shares specified in the Pricing Date Notice, less(b)
the number of Terminated Shares multiplied by (2) USD (the Maturity Consideration ), in cash. The Company can also pay
the Seller 1 and Seller 2 shares based on the Company s average volume weighted average share price VWAP of the
Shares over 30 Scheduled Trading Days ending on the Maturity Date. Such settlement consideration or OET is considered to be an embedded
feature (or instrument) with in the Prepaid Forward Transaction 1 and 2. 

- The Prepaid
Forward Transaction 1 and 2 required physical settlement by repurchase of remaining of the recycled
shares in exchange for cash and if either the amount to be paid or the settlement date varies based on specified conditions, the earlier
of a) first anniversary of the closing of the transactions between Counterparty and EUDA on November 18, 2022 or b) the date specified
by Seller in a written notice to be delivered at Seller s discretion (not earlier than the day such notice is effective) after the
occurrence of a VWAP Trigger Event, those instruments shall be measured subsequently at the amount of cash that would be paid under the
conditions specified in the contract if settlement occurred at the reporting date, recognizing the resulting change in that amount from
the previous reporting date as interest cost, which we recorded as change in fair value of prepaid forward purchase liability. 

In accordance
with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , the Company has determined that the prepaid forward contract is a financial
instrument other than a share that represent or are indexed to obligations to repurchase the issuer s equity shares by transferring
assets, referred to herein as the prepaid forward purchase liability on its consolidated balance sheets. The Company initially
measure the prepaid forward purchase liability at fair value and measured subsequently at fair value with changes in fair value recognized
in earnings. 

As of the closing
of the Business Combination, the fair value of the prepaid forward purchase liability was and was recorded on the Company s
consolidated balance sheets. Subsequently, the change of fair value of the prepaid forward purchase liability was amounted to a loss of
 for the year end December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the prepaid forward purchase liabilities amounted to . 

million (SGD from UGI for a period of three years with 
annual interest rate. The loan shall be due and payable, including all disbursed loan amount and accrued interest, on the maturity
date. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had provided a total of 
(SGD and 
(SGD of loan to PT, respectively, and had 
(SGD and 
(SGD of interest receivable balance, respectively. However, the Company determined its unlikely to recover such loan to third party upon
expiration of the loan contract due to PT was no longer in business, therefore, the company had recorded a fully allowance against
and wrote off the remaining balance of loan to third party as of December 31, 2022. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company has recognized nil and of interest income from loan to third party, respectively. 

plus prime rate of 

- 

- 

Total 

(SGD for operation purposes. The loan was guaranteed by Jamie Fan Wei Zhi, an immediate family member of a shareholder of the Company, and
 secured by KRHSG s account receivable (see Note 6). The loan bears an average annual interest rate of 
 and its due within 90 days from the loan disbursement. The Company released Jamie Fan Wei Zhi as the guarantor of this loan on
 October 31, 2022. 

- 

Interest expense pertaining to the above loans for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. 

Weighted average interest rate to the above loans
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are and , respectively. 

- 

per annum beginning on February 15, 2023 until
paid in full. In June 2023, the Company and KC has entered into a settlement agreement the Agreement to settle the promissory
note. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company shall pay KC (1) within two days of the dates that the Company s US counsel,
Loeb Loeb, confirm that it has received from KC all information and documents necessary for them to prepare an amended S-1 registration
statement covering the resale of securities, and (2) within two business days after the date the first amendment to the registration
statement is filed with the SEC. 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

Convertible notes related parties 

Lender Name 
 
 Maturities 
 
 Interest Rate 

Collateral/ Guarantee 
 
 December 31, 
 2022 

December 31, 
 2021 

(1) 

- 

(2) 

- 

Total 

- 

1) 
 ownership of the Company, is the sole shareholder and director of 8i Holdings 2 Pte. Ltd. Mr. Tan has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares. 

2) 
 ownership of the Company. 

The Company determined that the embedded conversion
feature from the convertible notes, related parties and third parties qualifies for the scope exception due to the embedded conversion
feature indexed to the Company s stock in accordance with ASC 815-40-15 and meet the equity requirement in accordance with ASC815-40-25. 

Accrued payroll 

Accrued interests (ii) 

Others 

Total other payables and accrued liabilities 

(i) 
 Accrued expenses 

(ii) 
 Accrued interests 

Kent Ridge Medical Ptd Ltd 
 
 Shareholders of this entity also are the shareholders of the Company 
 
 Related party advance, due on demand 

UG Digital Sdn Bhd 
 
 UGD, subsidiary of the Company owned 40 of this company 
 
 Related party advance, due on demand 

- 

Janic Limited 
 
 Shareholder of the Company 
 
 Related party advance, due on demand 

Zukihealth SDN 
 
 Kelvin Chen, Chief Executive Office CEO and shareholder of the Company, is the shareholder of this entity 
 
 Related party advance due on demand 

- 

Jennifer Goh 
 
 President, operation manager, and shareholder of the Company 
 
 Employee advance 

- 

Fresco Investment Pte Ltd 
 
 Fan Know Hin, an immediate family member of a shareholder of the Company, is the shareholder of this entity 
 
 Advance due on demand 

- 

Cadence Health Pte Ltd 
 
 Shareholders of this entity also are the shareholders of the Company 

- 

Total 

Other receivables - related parties 

Convertible notes related parties 

Please see Note 13 for details. 

Account payable related parties 

Name of Related Party 
 
 Relationship 
 
 Nature 

As of 
 December 31, 
2022 

As of 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Cadence Health Pte Ltd 
 
 Shareholders of this entity also are the shareholders of the Company 
 
 Medical service fee performed for the employee patients of the Company s corporate customers 

- 

Account
payable, related parties 
 
 Shareholders of this entity also are the shareholders of the Company 
 
 Medical service fee performed for the employee patients of the Company s corporate customers 

- 

Other payables related parties 

Name of Related Party 
 
 Relationship 
 
 Nature 

As of 
 December 31, 
 2022 

As of 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Chee Yin Meh 
 
 Shareholder of Scotgold Holding Ltd which is the shareholder of the Company 
 
 Operating expense paid on behalf of the Company 

Jamie Fan Wei Zhi 
 
 An immediate family member of a shareholder of the Company 
 
 Operating expense paid on behalf of the Company, and Guarantor fee 

- 

Kelvin Chen 
 
 CEO and shareholder of the Company 
 
 Operating expense paid on behalf of the Company 

Kent Ridge Health Pte Ltd 
 
 Shareholders of this entity also are the shareholders of the Company 
 
 Operating expense paid on behalf of the Company 

Kent Ridge Pacific Pte Ltd 
 
 Shareholders of this entity also are the shareholders of the Company 
 
 Operating expense paid on behalf of the Company 

Watermark Developments Ltd 
 
 Shareholder of the Company 
 
 Operating expense paid on behalf of the Company 

- 

Wilke Services Ltd Wilke (1) 
 
 Shareholder of the Company 
 
 Investment payable 

- 

Mount Locke Limited 
 
 Shareholder of the Company 
 
 Operating expense paid on behalf of the Company 

- 

UG Digital Sdn Bhd 
 
 UGD, subsidiary of the Company owned 40 of this company 
 
 Operating expense paid on behalf of the Company 

- 

Total 

Other payables related parties 

(1) 

Revenue from related parties 

Purchase from related parties 

Name of Related Party 
 
 Relationship 
 
 Nature 
 
 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 

For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Cadence Health Pte Ltd 
 
 Shareholders of this entity also are the shareholders of the Company 
 
 Medical service fee provided for the third party medical service revenue 

Purchase
 from related parties 
 Shareholders of this entity also are the shareholders of the Company 
 Medical service fee provided for the third party medical service revenue 

Rental expenses 

Name of Related Party 
 
 Relationship 
 
 Nature 
 
 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 

For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Kent Ridge Pacific Pte Ltd 
 
 Shareholders of this entity also are the shareholders of the Company 
 
 Office rental 

Rental Expenses 
 Shareholders of this entity also are the shareholders of the Company 
 Office rental 

from an investor for the issuance in 8i acquisition s ordinary shares. Such deposit is refundable if the business combination
will not be completed by November 30, 2022. Initially, the Company recognized the subscribed shares deposit liability in accordance with
ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity on inception. On November 17, 2022, Upon the closing of the Business Combination
with 8i acquisition, the Company issued ordinary shares to this investor and transferred such the subscribed shares deposit liability
into equity as capital contribution. 

Forgiveness of debt by a related party 

On March 31, 2022, the Company and Wilke entered into
a deed of release of debt Deed ), pursuant to the Deed, upon the closing of the Business Combination, Wilke agrees to release
and discharge the Company from the Obligation to repay to Wilke of . As Wilke s is a shareholder of the
Company, such debt forgiveness were treated as an addition to the Company s capital during the year ended December
31, 2022. 

Ordinary shares 

The Company is authorized to issue unlimited ordinary
shares of par value. Holders of the Company s ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each ordinary share. 

- Issuance of ordinary shares to EHL 

On July 25, 2022, the Company issued ordinary
shares ordinary share before reverse recapitalization) for total consideration of to the shareholder of EHL. 

The shares and corresponding capital amounts and all
per share data related to EHL s outstanding ordinary shares prior to the Reverse Recapitalization have been retroactively adjusted
using the Exchange Ratio . 

-Issuance of ordinary shares upon the reverse recapitalization
(See Note 4) 

On November 17, 2022, upon the consummation of the
Business Combination, the Company issued an aggregate total of ordinary shares to 8i and various service provider. 

Less: redemption of 8i ordinary shares 

() 
 
 Conversion of 8i rights 

Shares issued to service providers 

Total shares issued upon the Reverse Recapitalization 

Warrants 

In connection with the reverse
recapitalization, the Company has assumed Warrants outstanding, which consisted of Public Warrants and Private
Warrants. Both of the Public Warrants and private warrant met the criteria for equity classification. 

Warrants became exercisable
on the later of (a) the completion of the reverse recapitalization or (b) 12 months from the closing of the initial public offering IPO ).
The warrants will expire five years after the completion of a reverse recapitalization or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had Public Warrants outstanding and Private Warrants outstanding. Each whole Public Warrant and Private
Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one-half share of the Company s ordinary share at a price of per share,
subject to the following conditions discussed below. 

The
Company may redeem the Public Warrants and Private Warrants in whole and not in part, at a price of per warrant: 

at any time while
the warrants are exercisable and prior to their expiration, 

upon not less than
30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, 

if, and only if,
the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends,
reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading days period ending on the third trading business day
prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders, and, 

if, there is a current
registration statement in effect with respect to the Ordinary Shares underlying the Warrants for each day in the 30-day trading period
and continuing each day thereafter until the Redemption Date or the cashless exercise of the Warrants is exempt from the registration
requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act 

If the Company calls the
warrants for redemption as described above, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the warrants
to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted for splits, dividends, recapitalizations and other similar events. Additionally, in no event
will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. 

The only difference between
Public Warrants and Private Warrants is that the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion
of reverse recapitalization. 

Forfeited 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Exercised 

- 

- 

- 

- 

December 31, 2022 

Earnout shares 

As part of the Business Combination, Watermark
is entitled to the 
Earnout Shares of the Company s no par value ordinary shares subject to the following four
triggering events: 

additional Earnout Shares to be issued if during the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the first anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company s share price is equal to or greater than Fifteen Dollars after the Closing Date Triggering Event 1 

additional Earnout Shares to be issued if during the period beginning on the first anniversary of the Closing Date and ending on the second anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company s share price is equal to or greater than Twenty Dollars ( Triggering Event 2 

additional Earnout Shares to be issued if the consolidated audited financial statements of EUDA for the fiscal year commencing January 1, 2023 and ending December 31, 2023, reflect that EUDA has achieved both of the following financial metrics for such fiscal year: (x) revenues of at least and (y) net income attributable to EUDA of at least Triggering Event 3 

additional Earnout Shares to be issued if the consolidated audited financial statements of EUDA for the fiscal year commencing January 1, 2024 and ending December 31, 2024, reflect that EUDA has achieved both of the following financial metrics for such fiscal year: (x) revenues of at least and (y) net income attributable to EUDA of at least Triggering Event 4 ). 

The Earnout
Shares are accounted for as equity classified equity instruments, were included as merger consideration as part of the Reverse Recapitalization
and recorded in capital . The fair value of the Earnout Shares was estimated using a model based on multiple stock price paths developed
through the use of a Monte Carlo simulation that incorporates into the valuation the possibility that the market condition targets may
not be satisfied. 

Average daily return rate 

Daily volatility for Triggering Event 1 

Daily volatility for Triggering Event 2 

Risk-free rate for Triggering Event 1 

Risk-free rate for Triggering Event 2 

Grant Price for Trigging Event 1 

Grant Price for Trigging Event 2 

As a result, the Company determined the fair value
of the Earnout Shares for Triggering Event 1 and 2 is amounted to and , respectively, and recorded the same amount in consolidated statements of change in shareholders equity (deficit) and
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) as earnout share payment for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

In addition, Company determined that the probabilities
of achieving the revenue and net income thresholds are nil for Triggering Event 3 and 4 and estimated the fair value of the Earnout Shares
of nil. 

. 

Malaysia 

The Company s subsidiary operating in Malaysia
is governed by the income tax laws of Malaysia and the income tax provision in respect of operations in Malaysia is calculated at the
applicable tax rates on the taxable income for the periods based on existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.
Under the Income Tax Act of Malaysia, enterprises that incorporated in Malaysia are usually subject to a unified enterprise income
tax rate while preferential tax rates, tax holidays and even tax exemption may be granted on case-by-case basis. 

Singapore 

The Company s subsidiaries incorporated in Singapore
and is subject to Singapore Profits Tax on the taxable income as reported in its statutory financial statements adjusted in accordance
with relevant Singapore tax laws. in Singapore, with 75 of the first (SGD taxable income
and 50 of the next (SGD taxable income are exempted from income tax. 

Foreign 

() 

Total loss (income) before income taxes 

() 

Deferred 

() 

() 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

Tax rate difference outside Singapore (1) 

() 

Taxable income below exemption threshold 

() 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

() 

Others (2) 

() 

() 
 
 Effective tax rate 

() 

(1) 

(2) 

Allowance for doubtful account 

Net lease liability 

- 

Less: valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Deferred tax assets, net 

- 

- 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Customer relationships 

- 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

- 

as of December 31, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had
net operating losses carry forward (including temporary taxable difference of bad debt expense) of approximately million and 
million, respectively, from the Company s Singapore subsidiaries. The net operating losses from the Singapore subsidiaries can be
carried forward indefinitely. Due to the limited operating history of certain Singapore subsidiaries, the Company is uncertain when these
net operating losses can be utilized. As a result, the Company provided a 100 allowance on deferred tax assets on net operating losses
(including temporary taxable difference of bad debt expense) of approximately million and million related to Singapore subsidiaries
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had
net operating losses carry forward of approximately and , respectively, from the Company s Vietnam subsidiary. Due to
the Vietnam subsidiary have been operating at losses and the Company believes it is more likely than not that its Vietnam operations will
be unable to fully utilize its deferred tax assets related to the net operating losses in the foreseeable future. As a result, the Company
provided a 100 allowance on deferred tax assets on net operating losses of approximately and related to its Vietnam subsidiary
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating
losses carry forward of approximately from the Company s Malaysia subsidiary. The net operating losses from the Malaysia
subsidiary can be carried forward for seven years. Due to the Malaysia subsidiary have been operating at losses and the Company believes
it is more likely than not that its Malaysia operations will be unable to fully utilize its deferred tax assets related to the net operating
losses in the foreseeable future. As a result, the Company provided a 100 allowance on deferred tax assets on net operating losses of
approximately related to its Malaysia subsidiary as of December 31, 2022. 

Uncertain tax positions 

The Company evaluates each uncertain tax position
(including the potential application of interest and penalties) based on the technical merits, and measure the unrecognized benefits associated
with the tax positions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions.
The Company did not incur interest and penalties tax for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Income taxes payable 

Totals 

or more of the Company s total revenues. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no customer accounted
for or more of the total balance of accounts receivable. 

(b) Major vendors 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, no vendor accounted
for or more of the Company s total purchases. For the year ended December 31, 2021, one vendor which is the Company s
related party accounted for approximately of the Company s total purchases. 

As of December 31, 2022, two vendors accounted for
 and of the Company s total balance of accounts payable, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, one vendor which is the
Company s related party accounted for approximately of the total balance of accounts payable. 

(c) Credit risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash. The Singapore Deposit Insurance Corporation
Limited (SDIC) insures deposits in a Deposit Insurance (DI) Scheme member bank or finance company up to approximately 
(SGD per account. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had cash balance of 
and 
was maintained at DI Scheme banks in Singapore, of 
and 
was subject to credit risk, respectively. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) standard insurance amount is up to 
per depositor per insured bank. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had restricted cash balance of 
and 0 was
maintained at banks in the United States, of 
and 0 
was subject to credit risk, respectively. While management believes that these financial institutions are of high credit quality, it
also continually monitors their credit worthiness. 

The Company is also exposed to risk from accounts
receivable and other receivables. These assets are subjected to credit evaluations. An allowance has been made for estimated unrecoverable
amounts which have been determined by reference to past default experience and the current economic environment. 

, which is determined using an incremental borrowing rate with similar term in Singapore. 

As of December 31, 2022,
the weighted average remaining lease terms of the Company s operating lease and finance leases are years and years, respectively. 

Lease expenses short-term 
 
 General and administrative 

Finance lease cost 

Amortization of leased asset 
 
 General and administrative 

Interest on lease liabilities 
 
 Other expense -Interest expenses 

Total lease expenses 

year 

years 

Finance leases 

years 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Operating lease 

Finance leases 

Twelve months ending December 31, 2024 

- 

Total lease payments 

Less: discount 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company minimum short term lease payments to be due within one year amounted to . 

(SGD per month as guarantor fee starting from January 1, 2021 until the Defendants
procured the release of the Plaintiff as the guarantor of the loan. The Defendants released the Jamie Fan Wei Zhi as the guarantor of
the loan on October 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has paid Jamie Fan Wei Zhi (SGD ), and more balance
outstanding. 

Loss from operations 

Loss before income taxes 

Net loss 

Change in fair value of prepaid forward purchase liabilities 

Earnout share payment 

Other corporate expenses 

Consolidated net loss before income taxes 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

The accounting principles
for the Company s revenue by segment are set out in Note 3. 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company s total assets were composed of for medical services, for property management services and 
for corporate. 

As of December 31, 2021,
the Company s total assets were composed of for medical services and for property management services. 

As substantially all of the
Company s long-lived assets are located in Singapore and all of the Company s revenue is derived from Singapore, no geographical
information is presented. 

(the Initial Tan Loan at interest per annum and was to be repaid by March 31, 2023. The Initial Tan Loan was not timely repaid by March 31, 2023 and was
replaced as disclosed below. 

On February 2, 2023, the
Company entered into a loan agreement Agreement with Alfred Lim, the independent director of the Company, pursuant to
which Alfred Lim granted a loan amounted to to the Company at interest per annum. The loan was due on March 31, 2023. On March 31, 2023 the Company further extended the maturity date of such
loan to December 31, 2023. 

On April 24, 2023, James
Tan loaned the Company an additional (the Tan Second Loan at interest per annum, which matures on the earlier
of June 30, 2023 or within seven days of the Company receiving the proceeds from the sales of securities in the private placement (the
 Private Placement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Tan Second Loan, the Company agreed to issue to James Tan a new promissory
note in the principal amount of dated April 24, 2023 (the Tan First Loan to replace the Initial Tan Loan. The
Tan First Loan contained the same payment terms as the Tan Second Loan. 

On May 15, 2023, James Tan
entered into a third loan agreement with the Company pursuant to which James Tan agreed to loan the Company an additional (the
 Tan Third Loan ), provided that the Company issued a new promissory note to James Tan in the principal amount of 
(the Tan 2023 Note to replace the James Tan s convertible note balance as of December 31, 2023 (see note 13) (the
 Tan 2022 Note ). The Tan Third Loan would bear interest at per annum, and would be repaid upon the earlier of June 30,
2023 or within seven days of the Company receiving the proceeds from the sales of securities in the Private Placement. 

On May 15, 2023, the Company
issued to James Tan the Tan 2023 Note to replace the Tan 2022 Note. The Tan 2023 Note was an interest-free convertible promissory note
in the aggregate principal amount of . On May 15, 2023, James Tan elected to convert the entire unpaid principal in the amount
of of the Tan 2023 Note into ordinary shares of the Company at per share in accordance with the terms of the Tan 2023 Note.
On May 16, 2023, the Company issued to James Tan ordinary shares in full satisfaction of the Tan 2023 Note. Pursuant to the terms
of the Tan 2023 Note, the Company has agreed to register the ordinary shares for resale. The Company refers to these restricted
ordinary shares as the Converted Shares. 

On
May 16, 2023, the Company signed settlement agreement Settlement Agreement with James Tan, pursuant to which the Company
agreed to issue to James Tan an aggregate of restricted ordinary shares of the Company in full satisfaction of all obligations
of the Company under the Tan First Loan and the Tan Second Loan. 

On
May 16, 2023, the Company signed settlement agreements Settlement Agreements 2 with two third parties, Shine Link, and
Menora, and a related party, 8i Holding, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to Shine Link, Menora, and 8i Holding , ,
and restricted ordinary shares of the Company, respectively, in full satisfaction of all obligations of the Company under the convertible
notes balance set forth in Note 13 from Shine Link, Menora, and 8i Holding. 

On
May 16, 2023, the Company signed settlement agreement Chen Settlement Agreement with Kelvin Chen ,
the CEO of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to Kelvin Chen an aggregate of restricted ordinary shares
of the Company in full satisfaction of Kelvin Chen s claim for an aggregate amount of provided to KRHSG from time to time
since inception. Upon issuance of the restricted ordinary shares, the balance own to Kelvin Chen reduced to nil. In order to comply with
Nasdaq s shareholder approval requirement for issuance of stock to an executive officer of a company pursuant to Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5635(c), the Company and Dr. Chen amended the Chen Settlement Agreement by entering into a Supplemental Agreement (the Supplemental
Agreement on June 6, 2023, so that the shares issued to Dr. Chen would be issued at a per share price not less than the closing
bid price of per share on May 15, 2023, the day prior to the execution of the Chen Settlement Agreement. Pursuant to the Supplemental
Agreement, Dr. Chen has agreed to release and discharge KRHSG of all claims in return for ordinary shares at per share,
the closing bid price of EUDA ordinary shares on May 15, 2023. Dr. Chen has agreed to forfeit and surrender ordinary shares of
the ordinary shares issued to him on May 16, 2023. 

Between
May 16 and May 22, 2023, the Company issued and sold to eight accredited investors an aggregate of ordinary shares (the Placement
Shares at per share for an aggregate to purchase price of in a private placement in reliance upon the exemption
from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Rule 506
promulgated thereunder. 

On June 8, 2023, the Company
and the Seller 1 and Seller 2 (together, the Sellers entered into amendments to the Prepaid Forward Agreements (together,
the Amendments ), to amend the definition of Maturity Consideration, such that, Maturity Consideration shall
consist of ordinary shares of the Company to be issued to the Sellers by the Company. Pursuant to the Prepaid Forward Agreements,
the maturity date of the Prepaid Forward Transaction 1 and 2 (together, the Prepaid Forward Transactions (the Maturity
Date may be accelerated by the Sellers after any occurrence wherein during any 30 consecutive trading-day period, the dollar volume-weighted
average price of Company s ordinary shares for 20 trading days is less than per share. Pursuant to the Amendments, the parties
agreed that the Prepaid Forward Transactions shall be accelerated as of the date of the Amendments, and accordingly, the ordinary
shares (or ordinary shares in the aggregate), became immediately due and payable to the Sellers upon execution of the Amendments.
The Amendments provide the Sellers with registration rights for the ordinary shares issuable as Maturity Consideration, and also prohibit
the Sellers from selling such ordinary shares on any exchange business day in an amount greater than of the daily trading volume of
the Company s ordinary shares on such day. In addition, as of June 8, 2023 (the Maturity Date ), the Sellers became
entitled to retain (a) the remaining prepayment amount paid from the Company s trust account to the Sellers upon consummation of
the Company s business combination, and (b) the remaining ordinary shares held by each Seller that were subject to the Prepaid Forward
Transactions. Pursuant to the Amendments, no other fees, consideration or other amounts are due to the Seller or the Company upon the
Maturity Date. 

F- 44 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

General 

The
authorized capital stock of the Company consists of an unlimited number of shares of a single class, each with no par value. No preferred
shares are issued or outstanding or authorized by the Company s Charter. 

Ordinary
Shares 

The
Company s shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Pursuant
to the Company s Charter. at least seven days notice must be given for each general meeting of shareholders (although the
Company will provide whatever minimum number of days are required under Federal securities laws). Shareholders may vote at meetings in
person or by proxy. 

The
members of our board of directors serve two year terms. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with
the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares eligible to vote for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. 

Some
of the ordinary shares being registered hereby are issuable upon the conversion of certain convertible promissory notes issued in connection
with the Business Combination. Each of the convertible notes has a maturity date of one year from the date of issuance. The outstanding
unpaid principal amount of certain of those convertible promissory notes is convertible at maturity at a conversion price based on the
five-day volume weighted average trading price of our ordinary shares immediately prior to the time of conversion. 

Warrants 

Pursuant
to the terms of the SPA, upon the consummation of the Business Combination (the Closing ), any and all outstanding units
of 8i, composed of one ordinary share of 8i, no par value (the 8i Ordinary Shares ), one warrant (the 8i Warrants ),
with every two 8i Warrants entitling the registered holder to purchase one 8i Ordinary Share, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10)
of one 8i Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination (the Rights (collectively, the Units were separated into their component parts and the 8i Ordinary Shares and 8i Warrants were re-designated on a one-for-one basis, and the
Rights were converted (at the rate of one-tenth (1/10) of a share for each outstanding Right), into ordinary shares of EUDA Health Holdings
Limited, no par value. Our ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, or Nasdaq, under the symbols EUDA 
and EUDAW, respectively. 

Two
warrants entitle the registered holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed
below, at any time commencing on the later of the completion of our initial business combination and 12 months from the date the registration
statement was filed in connection with our initial public offering was declared effective by the SEC. Pursuant to the warrant agreement,
a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares. This means that only an even number of warrants may be
exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. However, except as set forth below, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless
we have an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current
prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within 60 days from the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant
holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain
an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders
will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial
business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
may call the warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: 

at
 any time while the warrants are exercisable, 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds 16.50 per share, for any 20 trading days within
 a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders (the Force-Call
 Provision ), and 

if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at
 the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date
 of redemption. 

The
right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and
after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s
warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

The
redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium
to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise
price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below
the exercise price of the warrants. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the whole
warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares
underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value 
(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of
the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent
to the holders of warrants. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our ordinary shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption,
our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the
closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.50 per ordinary share (with such
issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from
such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business
combination, and (z) the Market Price is below 9.50 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 115 of the Market Price, and the 16.50 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to 165 of the Market Value. 

The
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure
any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority
of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The
exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a share capitalizations, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However,
the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant
holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and
receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote
for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

Except
as described above, no warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless at the time a holder
seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the
ordinary shares have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder
of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain
a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However,
we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant
exercise. If the prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the ordinary
shares is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, we will not be
required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited
and the warrants may expire worthless. 

Warrant
holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder (and his, her
or its affiliates) would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder
(and his, her or its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, any person who acquires a warrant with the purpose or effect of changing or influencing the control of our company, or
in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having such purpose or effect, immediately upon such acquisition will be deemed
to be the beneficial owner of the underlying ordinary shares and not be able to take advantage of this provision. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share (as a result of a subsequent share capitalizations payable in ordinary shares, or by a split up of the
ordinary shares or other similar event), we will, upon exercise, round up or down to the nearest whole number the number of ordinary
shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

The
representative of the underwriters has agreed that it will not be permitted to exercise any warrants underlying the purchase option to
be issued to it and/or its designees after the five year anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement of which this
prospectus forms a part. Furthermore, because the private warrants will be issued in a private transaction, the holders and their transferees
will be allowed to exercise the private warrants for cash even if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of such warrants is not effective and receive unregistered ordinary shares. 

Preemptive
or Other Rights 

The
shareholders of the Company have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions
applicable to the ordinary shares. 

Register
of Members 

Under
the British Virgin Islands Business Companies Act, 2004 (the Companies Act ), the entry of the name of a person in the Company s
register of members as a holder of the shares is prima facie evidence that the person a legal owner of the shares. The register of members
will be maintained by the Company s transfer agent, American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, which will enter the name
of Cede Co in the register of members as nominee for each of the respective public shareholders. If (a) information that is required
to be entered in the register of members is omitted from the register or is inaccurately entered in the register, or (b) there is unreasonable
delay in entering information in the register, a shareholder of the Company, or any person who is aggrieved by the omission, inaccuracy
or delay, may apply to the British Virgin Islands courts for an order that the register be rectified, and the court may either refuse
the application or order the rectification of the register, and may direct the company to pay all costs of the application and any damages
the applicant may have sustained. 

Dividends 

We
currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the growth and development of our business. We have never
declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We do not intend to pay cash dividends to our shareholders in the foreseeable
future. Investors should not purchase our ordinary shares with the expectation of receiving cash dividends. 

Any
future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition,
operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Registration
Rights 

Certain
of our stockholders or their permitted transferees, are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of certain shares of Ordinary
Shares held by them under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). These rights are provided under
the terms of a registration rights agreement between us and such stockholders (the Registration Rights Agreement and include
demand registration rights and piggyback registration rights. The Registration Rights Agreement also provides that we will pay certain
expenses of these holders relating to such registrations and indemnify them against certain liabilities which may arise under the Securities
Act. 

Listing
of Securities 

Our
Ordinary Share is listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol EUDA . Our Warrant is listed on The Nasdaq Global
Market under the symbol EUDAW . 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent for the Common Stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of EUDA Health Holdings Limited 

EUDA
Doctor Private Limited, A Singapore company 

 EUDA
Health Limited, A British Virgin Islands company 

 EUDA
Private Limited, A Singapore company 

 Kent
Ridge Health Limited, A British Virgin Islands company 

 Kent
Ridge Healthcare Singapore Pte. Ltd., A Singapore company 

 Kent
Ridge Hill Private Limited, A Singapore company 

 KR
Digital Pte. Ltd., A Singapore company 

 Melana
International Pte. Ltd., A Singapore company 

 Nosweat
Fitness Company Private Lim, A Singapore company 

 Singapore
Emergency Medical Assistance Private Limited, A Singapore company 

 Super
Gateway Group Limited, A British Virgin Islands company 

 Tri-Global
Security Pte. Ltd., A Singapore company 

 True
Cover Private Limited, A Singapore company 

 UG
Digital Sdn. Bhd., A Malaysian company 

 UG
Digitech Private Limited, A Singapore company 

 Universal
Gateway International Pte. Ltd., A Singapore company 

 Zukihealth
Sdn. Bhd., A Malaysian company 

 Zukitech
Private Limited, A Singapore company 

 Zukitek
Vietnam Private Limited Liability Company, A Vietnam company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the inclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of our report dated June 3, 2022, except for Note 3 which is dated July 25,
2022, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of EUDA Health Limited as of December 31, 2021 and for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

/s/
Friedman LLP 

New
York, New York 

 June
 28 , 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit 23.2 

June
28, 2023 

Securities
and Exchange Commission 

 100
F Street, N.E. 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Dear
Sir or Madam: 

We
have read the Annual Report on Form 10-K dated June 28, 2023 of EUDA Health Holdings Limited Registrant and are in
agreement with the statements contained under the section of Change in Registrant s Certifying Accountant as it pertains to our
firm; we are not in a position to agree or disagree with other statements of Registrant contained therein. 

Very
truly yours, 

/s/
Friedman LLP 

 New
York, New York 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Kelvin Chen, certify that: 

1.I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of EUDA Health Holdings Limited; 

2.Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3.Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d.
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a.
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b.
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
June 28, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Wei Wen Kelvin Chen 

Wei Wen Kelvin Chen 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Steven John Sobak, certify that: 

1.I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of EUDA Health Holdings Limited; 

2.Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3.Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d.
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a.
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b.
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
June 28, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Steven John Sobak 

Steven John Sobak 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of EUDA Health Holdings Ltd (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2022 (the Report ), Kelvin Chen, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, to the best of his knowledge, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

a.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

b.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
June 28, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Wei Wen Kelvin Chen 

Wei Wen Kelvin Chen 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of EUDA Health Holdings Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2022 (the Report ), Steven John Sobak, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, to the best of his knowledge,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

a.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

b.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
June 28, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Steven John Sobak 

Steven John Sobak 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 euda-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 euda-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 euda-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 euda-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

