<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230614_10-K_edgar_data_1498148_0001161697-23-000356.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10080578</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>265802</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1530958</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2941464</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2355425</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2698008</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001161697-23-000356.hdr.sgml : 20230614
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230614155958
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001161697-23-000356
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230614
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230614

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Artificial Intelligence Technology Solutions Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001498148
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		IRS NUMBER:				272343603
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55079
		FILM NUMBER:		231014045

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10800 GALAXIE AVENUE
		CITY:			FERNDALE
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48220
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(877) 787-6268

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10800 GALAXIE AVENUE
		CITY:			FERNDALE
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48220

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ON THE MOVE SYSTEMS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100803

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001161697-23-000356.txt : 20230614

10-K
 1
 form_10-k.htm
 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT FOR 02-28-2023

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

OTC PINK 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 [X] [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 [X] [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

 [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the
definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 [ ] 
 Accelerated filer 
 [ ] 

[X] 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 
 [ ] 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 [ ] Yes [X] 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held
by non-affiliates of the registrant as of August 31, 2022 based upon the closing price reported on such date was approximately .
Shares of voting stock held by each officer and director and by each person who, as of August 31, 2022, may be deemed as have beneficially
owned more than 10 of the outstanding voting stock have been excluded. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive
determination of affiliate status for any other purpose. 

As of June 5, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s
common stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 9 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 9 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 9 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 9 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 10 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 25 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 33 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 34 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 35 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 37 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 39 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 40 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 40 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 41 

Signatures 
 43 

ii 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

Certain statements in this report contain or may contain
forward-looking statements. These statements, identified by words such as plan , anticipate , believe ,
 estimate , should , expect and similar expressions include our expectations and objectives regarding
our future financial position, operating results and business strategy. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors, which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements were based on various factors
and were derived utilizing numerous assumptions and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those
in the forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, our ability to secure suitable financing to continue
with our existing business or change our business and conclude a merger, acquisition or combination with a business prospect, economic,
political and market conditions and fluctuations, government and industry regulation, interest rate risk, U.S. and global competition,
and other factors. Most of these factors are difficult to predict accurately and are generally beyond our control. You should consider
the areas of risk described in connection with any forward-looking statements that may be made herein. Readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Readers should carefully review this
report in its entirety, including but not limited to our financial statements and the notes thereto and the risks described in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023. We advise you to carefully review the reports and documents we file from
time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), particularly our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and
our current reports on Form 8-K. Except for our ongoing obligations to disclose material information under the Federal securities laws,
we undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the occurrence
of unanticipated events. 

iii 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Business Overview 

Robotic Assistance Devices, LLC was incorporated in
the State of Nevada on July 26, 2016, as an LLC and was founded by current President Steve Reinharz. Mr. Reinharz, has 25+ years in various
leadership/ownership roles in the security industry and was part of a successful exit to a global multinational security company in 2004.
Mr. Reinharz started his first security integration company in 1996, which he grew to 30+ employees before closing that company in 2003.
In 2017, Robotic Assistance Devices LLC converted to a C Corporation, Robotic Assistance Devices, Inc. RAD ), through the
issuance of 10,000 common shares to its sole shareholder. 

Artificial Intelligence Technology Solutions Inc.
(formerly known as On the Move Systems Corp.) AITX or the Company was incorporated in Florida on March 25,
2010, and reincorporated in Nevada on February 17, 2015. On August 24, 2018, On the Move Systems Corp. changed its name to Artificial
Intelligence Technology Solutions Inc. AITX ). 

In 2017, AITX acquired all the ownership and equity
interests in RAD (the Acquisition ). Before the Acquisition, AITX s business focus had been transportation services,
and AITX was exploring the on-demand logistics market by developing a network of logistics partnerships. After the Acquisition, AITX shifted
its business focus to align with RAD s mission. Since that time, AITX has been engaged in pursuing the delivery of artificial intelligence
(AI) and robotic solutions for operational, security, and monitoring needs. More specifically, the Company is focused on applying advanced
AI-driven technologies, paired with multi-use hardware and supported by custom software and cloud services, to intelligently automate
and integrate a variety of high-frequency security, concierge, and operational tasks. 

Since substantially all of AITX s operations
were disposed of with the transaction s consummation, the Acquisition was treated as a reverse recapitalization effected by a share
exchange for financial accounting and reporting purposes. AITX recorded no goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of the Acquisition.
RAD is treated as the accounting acquirer as its stockholders control the Company after the Acquisition, even though AITX was the legal
acquirer. Therefore, the assets, liabilities, and historical operations reflected in these financial statements are those of RAD as if
RAD had always been the reporting company. 

RAD s solutions are generally offered as a recurring
monthly subscription, typically with a minimum 12-month subscription contract. RAD also sells their units and the client that RAD has
had longest opts to do this. RAD s solutions are expected to earn over 75 gross margin over the life of each deployed asset when
under subscription and over 50 gross margin when sold. Specifically, RAD provides workflow automation solutions delivered through a system
of hardware, software and cloud services. All elements of hardware and software design offered by RAD are 100 designed, developed and
owned by RAD. 

Company Strategies 

We apply our Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology
to solve enterprise problems categorized as expensive, repetitive, difficult to staff, and outside of the core competencies of our client
or prospective client organizations. 

A short list of basic examples include: 

1. 
 Typical security guard-related functions such as monitoring a parking lot during and after hours and responding appropriately. This scenario applies to perimeters, interior yard areas, and related similar environments. 

2. 
 Integrated hardware/software with AI-driven responses, simulating and expanding on what legacy or manned solutions could perform. 

3. 
 Automation of common access control functions through technology utilizing facial recognition and machine vision, leapfrogging most legacy solutions in use today. 

RAD s first industry focus is the more than
 100 billion global security services market. 1 RAD s current goal is to disrupt
and capture a significant portion of both the human security guard market (over 30 billion) 2 and
 physical security (video surveillance, access control, visitor management, etc.) market (over 20 billion) through its innovative
RAD solution ecosystem. 

 __________ 

 1 https://www.statista.com/statistics/323113/distribution-of-the-security-services-market-worldwide/ 

 2 https://www.statista.com/statistics/294206/revenue-of-security-services-in-the-us/ 

- 1 - 

Table of Contents 

RAD solutions are unique because they: 

1. 
 Start with an AI-driven autonomous response utilizing cellular-optimized communications, while easily connecting to a human operator for a manned response, as needed. 

2. 
 Use unique hardware purpose-built by RAD for delivery of these solutions. Various form factors have been customized to deliver this new functionality. 

3. 
 Deliver services through RAD-developed software and cloud services, allowing enterprise IT groups to focus on core competencies instead of maintenance of complex video and security platforms. 

AITX Subsidiaries 

AITX owns and operates three (3) wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

1. 
 Robotic Assistance Devices, Inc. (RAD I) is the primary operating company of AITX. The company holds the dealer and end-user contracts, employs all US employees, operates the California and Michigan facilities, and is the primary industry-facing entity of AITX. RAD I owns all intellectual property related to RADSoC , RAD Mobile SOC , RADGuard , and their core operating architecture. RAD I owns everything related to AITX s line of stationary devices and their manufacturing. RAD I also implements and services the devices. This company s primary website is radsecurity.com and is updated as developments occur. 

2. 
 Robotic Assistance Devices Group, Inc. (RAD G) is RAD G is an AITX subsidiary, separate from RAD I and RAD M, created for the purposes of expected future sales through a channel that is incompatible and non-competitive with RAD I s existing channel. RAD G is focused on the development of advanced software and electronics solutions and completed a soft-launch of it s RADPACK board in December 2022. This hardware is a RAD-designed circuit board designed to power all RAD devices. The company will be working to sell it to other manufacturers that want to create security devices but need a hardware/software solution and want to leverage the investments and network that RAD Inc has built over the years. The company has started to work with a commission-only sales person to start to share this solution in the electric vehicle charger industry. Additional sales materials are under development and company is working to find it s first adopter. It is expected that this market niche could take several years to develop and as such the company will be looking for clients in the security space and related markets. The Company anticipates no revenues from RADG this fiscal year. This company s website is radgroup.ai and is updated as developments occur. 

3. 
 Robotic Assistance Devices Mobile, Inc. (RAD M) is RAD M is an AITX subsidiary, separate from RAD I and RAD G, created for the purposes of future developments, partnerships, and marketing in which the company may engage in the future. RAD M is focused on the development of autonomous mobile devices, both ground-based and airborne. RAD M s first solution, the ROAMEO unmanned ground vehicle, incorporates RAD M technologies related to the development of custom chassis, drive train, power management, perception, and prediction. ROAMEO features technology from RAD I and RAD G to perform its functions. The company believes that it s developing suite of mobile devices will bring the interactive outdoor, indoor, rugged, commercial security and facility robots to the market. These mobile solutions will complement the stationary systems. The three solutions are the RADDOG linup of quadrupeds, ROAMEO as the outdoor long-running high visibility robot and a project that the company is naming Mobile 3 with details to be announced sometime this fiscal year. ROAMEO is manufactured, implemented, and maintained by RAD I. ROAMEO version 2.0 completed a 9 device production run in RAD s Michigan facility in 2022 and featured some deployments that have been running ever since. However, for the ROAMEO vision to be fully realized special motors needed to be created and developed. RAD M worked with a German motor manufacturer to create a customer ROAMEO motor. Currently the focus on the RADDOG linup pushes the completion of ROAMEO 3.0 into later calendar year 2023. RAD M will continue developing additional mobility solutions that RAD I will bring to market. 

AITX main website is aitx.ai. Company and investor
information can be found at this site and it is updated regularly. 

Background - First Commercial Rugged Outdoor
Security Robot 

Mr. Reinharz started RAD in the summer of 2016. RAD
originally partnered with SMP Robotics Systems Corp. (SMP) and commercialized the SMP S5 Robot for the security market. RAD s commercialization
of the platform focused on integrating traditional security industry manufacturers solutions onto the robotics platform. After
two paid proofs-of-concept for large utility companies (under NDA) and over 18 months of development and testing, RAD began deployments
with various Fortune 500 customers. These deployments were scheduled to start in October 2017 but were delayed until December 2017 due
to various supply chain challenges. 

- 2 - 

Table of Contents 

By March 2018 it was apparent that S5 platform was
not sustainable and RAD began to pull robots out of service. 

The robots were rejected by customers due to unsatisfactory
reliability and some technical flaws that could not be solved, despite full efforts by SMP and RAD. RAD now considers this phase of the
Company Phase 1 into robotics. The Company attempted over 40 deployments during this period. 

RAD has had no contact with SMP Robotics since April
2018. 

Much of RAD s existing convertible debt was
acquired in support of the RAD/SMP robotics program. This convertible debt has largely been converted to long-term debt and warrants as
shown in these financial filings. 

ROAMEO will deliver on AITX s goal of bringing
the first outdoor, rugged, commercial security and facility robot to market. This mobile solution will complement the stationary systems
AITX already has operating in physical security applications serving customers in a wide range of environments. 

Background RAD s 2 nd Generation
Ecosystem 

RAD s primary strategy has always been to use
AI technology and modern systems to transform the security industry. Mobile robots, indoor and outdoor, are a part of that strategy. However,
to ultimately realize the delivery of these solutions, a set of stationary robots required development. 

These stationary robots launched in April 2018 with
the Security Control and Observation Tower (SCOT), development of which began in August 2017. SCOT performs many of the same functions
as a stationary human security guard, plus many tasks that human guards cannot, and does so at approximately 15 of the cost. There is
no known comparable solution available today that blends technology, usability, unique features, and price. SCOT received an enthusiastic
response from the security market and industry accolades. SCOT s positive reception reinvigorated RAD, which accelerated the development
of the software and cloud services that support SCOT. SCOT runs on the RAD Software Suite . This software suite is a cloud and mobile
platform at the heart of all RAD security solutions. 

A beta version SCOT was first shown to potential customers
at the end of February 2018 in an exposition held in Ohio that tested customer reception and elicited voice-of-the-customer input. SCOT
and the preliminary RAD Software Suite received a favorable customer response. Customer feedback was incorporated into SCOT, and ideas
on SCOT derivatives were added to the hardware development roadmap. 

In April 2018, at the ISC West, a large annual physical
security event held in the United States, SCOT won three awards: (1) The Security Industry Association s (SIA) New Product Award
for Law Enforcement/Guarding 3 , (2) A 2018 Secure Campus Award from Campus Security and Life
Safety Magazine, and (3) A Govie award for government security solutions from Security Today Magazine. 

RAD has since won numerous awards for its solutions,
including: 

RAD Light My Way , Secure Campus 2022 Awards,
in the categories of Security Personal Safety Devices Artificial Intelligence 

AVA 3.0 with STAN , Security Industry
Association NPS Awards, in the category of Access Control Software, Hardware, Devices and Peripherals 

ROSA with RAD Light My Way, CBRE Innovation
Challenge 2021, in the category of Best Workplace Experience Solution Award 

ROSA 180 , American Security Today 2021 ASTORS
Awards, in the categories of Best Robotic Perimeter Protection Best Motion Detection Solution 

ROADMAP Product Development 

 __________ 

 3 SIA s New Product Showcase
recognizes innovative products, services and solutions in electronic physical security, and SCOT s award comes in the Law
Enforcement/Guarding Systems category. Technologies within the program are used in the protection of life and property in residential,
commercial, and institutional settings, displaying SCOT s importance in long-range human detection and acting as a force
multiplier for safety and defense against outside threats. 

- 3 - 

Table of Contents 

RAD s product line has continued to develop
with both new solutions being added and older solutions being phased out. Specifically: 

SCOT has been phased out of new sales with one notable exception. This exception is an opportunity that is supposed to complete as an order in 2023. However, SCOT itself is discontinued. Although initial interest was high and several initial deployments continue to operate as intended the solution did not fulfill expected sales targets and as such it was decided not to upgrade it to the 3.x technology. It has been removed from the price list. 

Wally Tom Wally has been replaced with TOM The Office Manager which has many but not all Wally features yet features stronger processing and related technology. Wally s are being removed and replaced with Toms throughout this calendar year although it is expected some Wally s will continue to operate for a few more years. Notably, the first Wally installation continues to operate, is expected to operate for more years and is not scheduled for replacement. 

ROSA is at it s version 3.1 at the time of this filing. Version 3.2 should start being produced in August 2023 and will feature the RADPack Millie Gen 2 control board from RAD G. This board is expected to significantly reduce assembly time because it requires a significantly less sophisticated wiring harness. The board also allows for better fleet management functionality since the board is 100 designed, programmed by RAD and important features have been included by design. 

ROSA has spawned two significant iterations: 

o 
 RIO version. RIO is a ROSA Independent Observatory, or in other terms, a solar powered trailer with 1 2 ROSA units on top. The current market leader in this space is a company called LiveView, Inc. The Company estimates this market at around 6,000 new trailer deployments per year and is looking to capture up to 10 - 20 of the market within 2 years. As of the time of this writing approximately 10 RIO have been deployed for a variety of clients. 

o 
 ROSA P version: This version has 1 2 ROSA attached to a pre-existing pole and powered through that poles lighting power. However, since the lights are generally only powered at night ROSA P has the ability to power the ROSA(s) and a battery pack while the lighting circuit is receiving power. During daylight, when there is no lighting power, ROSA P provides battery power to the 1 2 ROSA. As the time of this filing several ROSA P are deployed across three different clients. 

AVA has evolved into it s version 3.1 series. This series features more responsive and much brighter touchscreen and a significantly improved 2 way audio system. AVA deployments continue to be more sticky than any other RAD deployment because it becomes an essential part of regular facility activity since it allows for vehicle ingress and in some cases egress. AVA will evolve into version 3.2 after the completion of the RADPack Millie Gen 2 (alongside ROSA s upgrade to version 3.2). 

On the mobility side the Company has made significant
progress. Specifically: 

ROAMEO version 2 units have been deployed across a number of clients and it was found that the motors are not satisfactory for 100 reliable use. Notably one client has had a ROAMEO for many months, it s solved their security issue and has achieved important milestones such as 16 hours of perfect autonomous patrols and months of perfect autonomous recharging. However the Company has decided to shut the 2.x program in favor of the 3.x program for these reasons: 1. The new motors built for 3.x will give much improved performance across the board and this is the type of performance the Company wants to use in a high volume product. Specifically the motors allow for minute operation as a stepper motor, allow for fast speeds, have an integrated safety brake and are suited for safety certifications (critical). 2. Production costs of ROAMEO 3.x are expected to be 50 of 2.0 which was considerably expensive and made it impossible to achieve required profit margins. 3. The sensor package and user payload on 3.0 is refined and focused for reliability. ROAMEO 3.x prototype 1 is 80 at the time of this filing although resources are primarily focused on RADDOG development. At this moment the Company has achieved sophisticated autonomous navigation for ROAMEO and other important technical milestones. A sales funnel for this product lines exists and the Company looks forward to producing ROAMEO 3.0 by the of this fiscal year. 

RADDOG 2LE This version launched June 6, 2023, and it s LE denotes that it is specifically designed for law enforcement applications. Additional information can be found at raddog.ai. It is expected that the Company will deliver 20-120 of these RADDOG versions in this current fiscal year. 

Mobile 3 is current code name for a mobility project that has begun development but shares it s development teams with RADDOG and is therefore being developed slowly. It is expected that the details of this autonomous robot are revealed this year. It is complementary to RADDOG and ROAMEO and continues to fill out AITX line of mobile devices. 

- 4 - 

Table of Contents 

Software Solutions 

RAD has created a variety of front-end and back-end
software solutions to power its ecosystem. RADGUARD is customer-facing software (on the touchscreens of RAD s field devices), and
management solutions include RADSOC (Security Operations Center) and RADPMC (Property Management Center). 

RAD has developed a variety of utilities that allow
automatic over-the-air updates, most of which are within a back-end application called SCOT Manager. 

RAD has developed Visitor Management, Access Control,
and other applications itself instead of seeking to partner with legacy manufacturers. It is RAD s opinion that the legacy paradigm
in the physical space underserves the markets in terms of cost, functionality, and integration. 

RAD recently introduced its own Video Management System
into RADSOC, delivering a fully integrated solution that facilitates robust security and property management capabilities. 

Towards the end of the prior fiscal year the company
announced ROSS which is the company s video management system. This allows non-RAD cameras to be managed by RADSOC alongside
RAD stationary and mobile devices. It further allows for RADSOC s analytics and communication features to be accessible and applied
to these non-RAD cameras. 

RAD launched it s Fire Arm Detection FAD analytic last fiscal year and closed it s first ROSS/FAD/ROSA project with Rosenbaum Yeshiva in New Jersey. The company has built
a modest sales funnel for similar opportunities. 

The Company believes that RAD s ability to deliver
easy-to-use, easy-to-obtain, and easy-to-support software, combined with custom workflow-automation applications, is key to the company s
success. 

The company believes that the R D work it has
completed makes AITX vision for a single all encompassing security and property technology platform complete. With the addition
of the stationary and mobile solutions, plus the ability to integrate existing cameras into the system, RAD can now provide solutions
in almost every situation at a cost less than most others. 

Manufacturing Assembly 

RAD uses various domestic and overseas machine shops
for raw material procurement and machining of the required plastic and metal pieces that build RAD devices. RAD s sourcing has redundancy
through use of multiple machine shops producing the same products for RAD. In addition, all pieces within any RAD device can be procured
from a choice of suppliers. 

RAD s margins are based on current small batch
production and assembly. The Company expects that economies of scale will drive greater gross margin as quantities and efficiencies increase. 

Team and Culture 

AITX has built a strong start-up culture based on
performance, sacrifice, and rewards. Attracting employees who can thrive in this environment requires a different approach to corporate
growth and development. RAD s governing philosophy centers around the principles of Emotional Intelligence. Self-awareness,
composure, internal motivation, empathy, and social skills are prerequisites for joining the RAD team, and each candidate interview begins
with a review of the foundational elements that comprise RAD culture. 

Team members are open to multitasking and wearing
multiple hats, as situations demand. This allows management to focus on larger goals and long-term strategies. We try to ensure that our
entire staff shares the same core beliefs and values as the Company, allowing us to adapt and adjust quickly to changes that might grind
other companies to a halt. Members have been no stranger to the difficulties that face a startup, including unexpected setbacks, delays
in funding, or a cash crunch, but they have persevered with dedication and enthusiasm for our greater mission. They have met incredibly
tight deadlines, volunteered to make financial sacrifices, and assisted wherever and however they can. 

We believe that RAD s high-EQ work culture creates
productive, motivated employees that has allowed the Company to weather the difficult period of robot deployments and our transition to
2 nd generation solutions. 

- 5 - 

Table of Contents 

Subsequent to the end of fiscal year ending February
28, 2023, the Company completed two Reduction In Force events that brought headcount from 92 full time equivalent employees to 69. The
Company largely cut development teams working on future solutions, reduced engineering staff and trimmed other positions for cost control
efforts. Additionally, the Company instituted cost control methods revolving around tasks such as freight and purchasing processes. These
efforts will take full effect in July 2023 and are expect to save the Company between 200,000 to 300,000/month between reduced labor
costs in addition to other efficiencies. 

The Company is focused on sequential product development
while sales grow in order to get close to positive cash flow. 

Market Environment 

RAD believes that its experience has shown that the
security market is ripe for disruption. It has captured the interest of many Fortune 500 companies. The Company believes that no other
company operating in the physical security space has the solutions, distribution channel, reputation, sales or support model to rival
RAD in the near term. In addition, the Company expects that the launch of RAD s mobile solutions will significantly increase the
gap between it and would-be competitors. RAD will be a one-stop-shop for proven and comprehensive mobile and stationary workflow improvement
devices and systems. 

RAD s technology model includes a new
paradigm for the security industry: Security in a Box. Every RAD solution features connection to the RAD Software Suite, a platform
for AI processing, usage analytics, cloud-sided video, communications interface, audit logs, and much more. 

Customer Acceptance of RAD Solutions 

RAD end-users include one Fortune Top 10 company and
a number of other Fortune 500 companies. RAD is currently deployed in logistics, commercial real estate, healthcare, amusement, manufacturing
and retail industries. The Company believes that if RAD is ultimately deployed to only 5 of the facilities within any of these industries,
the Company will be profitable. 

RAD Industry Leadership Role 

Mr. Reinharz has earned a prominent role as a spokesperson
for AI and change in the security industry. He has lectured and participated in several panels for some of the security industry s
largest events and organizations. Mr. Reinharz chairs Security Industry Association s Autonomous Working Group committee, which
is dedicated to helping shape the industry and support progressive legislation. Most recently, Mr. Reinharz provided a lecture to NYC s
ASIS CPP group that qualified as a continuing education credit. 

In March 2023 Steve Reinharz was elected to a Board
seat for Security Industry Association, Inc (SIA). SIA is the foremost security group steering policy, lobbying various governments and
promoting education within the security industry. 

It is expected that Mr. Reinharz will continue his
promotion of the new paradigm for the next few years until adoption is widespread. 

Go To Market Strategy 

RAD s strategy has been to focus on the creation
and support of a strong dealer channel. RAD has successfully executed this strategy and has added over 60 qualified dealers to our dealer
channel. The expectations were that this approach affords multiple benefits to RAD with few downsides and almost all dealers exclusively
represent RAD solutions in the area of ai-enabled autonomous devices. 

However, over the past year it s become clear
that the dealer channel has exceptional benefits with a limited number of dealers. Forward-thinking dealers that invest the time and energy
into RAD have the ability to be successful. Unfortunately many dealers are happy to sign up and continue their normal business operations
without giving proper efforts to promote RAD solutions to their client bases. As such the company has about 20 active dealers with the
rest being more opportunistic. As such the Company has been increasingly focusing on a limited number of dealers, including a strong and
growing relationship with the world s largest security company, Allied Universal Inc. (AUS). AUS and RAD are working on a large
roll out to all integration offices as this report is filed. Furthermore the Company is devoting more time to direct sales, an area of
effort that gives the Company more control over the sales process. It is expected that going forward the relationship with active dealers
will strengthen while continuing to strengthen direct sales. 

Competition 

We may be subject to competition by competitors that
have greater operating histories, cash and operational resources than we do. 

- 6 - 

Table of Contents 

Employees 

As of March 23, 2023, we have a headcount of 90 fully
dedicated full-time equivalents, including 42 RAD Inc. employees, 18 overseas contractors, and 30 employees of a Canadian research and
development company. None of our employees are represented by a union. We consider our employee relations to be excellent. AITX 
principle shareholder owns a minority interest in the Canadian research and develop company but has not received any compensation of any
kind from that company to date. 

Since the close of the year the Company completed
two Reduction In Force events that brought the team size to 69 people and added one additional sale focused employee for a headcount of
70 full time equivalent employees as of June 12, 2023. 

Accomplishments Highlights 

AITX, and its subsidiaries RAD I, RAD M, and RAD G,
list of accomplishments highlights successes in adding to the strength of its executive leadership team, expanding its sales and distribution
channels, launching new products, while growing its presence, visibility and profile within its existing marketplaces. Milestones and
accomplishments over the past 12 months include: 

Cyber and data protection and compliance 

The Company continues it s focus on delivery
of safe and secure software and systems to its clients. As such, last year the Company achieved SOC 2 Report status. The SOC 2 Report
has become a benchmark standard, and now an often-specified requirement, in the software procurement process. Established by the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA), criteria and reporting principles are outlined as a means for organizations to create
a documented framework of policies and procedures to prove how they manage and secure data in the cloud and ensure protection of customer
privacy and ensure internal communications are suitably handled. This achievement reflects the Company s stated goals of best-in-class
data protection and internal processes. 

The Company has subsequently maintained SOC 2 Type
2 status and has achieved a cyber certification from a Fortune Five company which was more difficult to obtain than either SOC certifications.
Due to non-disclosure agreements with the Fortune Five company AITX can not disclose who it is from. 

Implementation of ERP (enterprise resource planning)
System - Update 

The Company s implementation of NetSuite ERP
continued through the year with a successful transition to all accounting and human resources now fully functionality. Sales is using
some of the CRM features of the ERP but still using a non-ERP platform for management of the sales funnel. Production s use of the
ERP significantly increased over the course of the year. There remain some challenges for full production implementation related to change
management. Management expects full implementation of the ERP to complete this fiscal year. The will allow realization of efficiencies
in purchasing, kitting and production. 

Authorized Dealers Added to Dealer Network 

 At the end of FY 2023 RAD has more than 57 authorized
dealers, up from 32 at the beginning of the fiscal year. These dealers are located across the United States, Canada, and the EU, with
plans for continued expansion. Dealers include the largest security companies in the world, including Allied Universal and GardaWorld,
which are respectively the largest and 3 rd largest guarding companies in the world. The ongoing addition of authorized dealers
introduces and delivers RAD products to new markets. 

Discussion on Sales 

The sales funnel has grown significantly over the
course of this fiscal year although expectations and goals were not fully achieved. The sales team has matured and stabilized with a Senior
Vice President of Sales with three full time direct sales reports. There was no salesperson turnover in this fiscal year. Additional sales
drivers are RAD s President as well as AITX CEO. Furthermore operations team members are instrumental in encouraging clients
to expand existing systems. 

In the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022 RAD added 311 sales opportunities
to the sales funnel. An opportunity is mostly defined as an account that is exhibiting a pain that can be solved by RAD, has a budget,
and has reached the point in the sales process where they have a quote they can sign. In the fiscal year that ended February 28, 2023
sales activity skyrocketed with the Company issuing approximately 840 quotes for various opportunities. Of those 840 quotes at least 120
are in the final stages of customer acceptance and sign off. 

- 7 - 

Table of Contents 

Management has identified that conversion of accounts
from opportunities to clients is low and has identified some of the reasons for the low conversion rate as well as new tactics to break
through these obstacles. Advanced new technology sales often involve multiple decision-makers and require a skilled and passionate internal
champion. The security industry breeds risk-averse personnel. The Company is pressing several initiatives to change the industry to create
an environment where trying new things in the norm as opposed to the exception. An example of these efforts are the Security Industry
Association s (SIA) upcoming Town Hall where three Fortune 500 security practitioners that have implemented new technologies will
share their tips for successful internal selling. AITX will be putting more emphasis on these efforts this year. 

Subsequent to the close this fiscal year the Company s
largest dealer has accelerated RAD device sales roll out to all of it s branches. The Company expects this relationship and roll
out will drive significantly more sales than the Company has experienced to date. 

Management projects that RIO s introduction
will drive higher gross sales and greater RAD adoption of unique software functions such as RAD Light My Way and Fire Arm Detection. It
is further expected that the Company s first RAD Light My Way client will be public in the summer of 2023 and will drive significant
sales in healthcare. RAD s first Fire Arm Detection client, the Rosenbaum Yeshiva in New Jersey, will complete it s installation
in the summer of 2023 and is expected to drive additional system sales. 

Between a maturing hardware and software line up,
an increasing number of deployments/case studies/success stories, management is excited for the next year s sales. Management feels
that ironing out technical and production challenges are well in hand and clearing the way for a greater volume of deployments. 

Press Announcements 

During the fiscal year, the Company issued over 100
press releases, the vast majority of them being sales announcements and new authorized dealers being signed. Public events, conferences,
awards and new product announcements were also publicized via press releases. All Company press releases can be found here: AITX
News - AITX - Artificial Intelligence Technology Solutions 

Awards and Industry Recognition 

During the period, RAD solutions were honored with
six security industry awards, primarily for ROSA 3.0, AVA 3.0 and RAD Light My Way. ROSA 3.0 was also selected for a Good Design 
award for its stylish design and high-performance features. 

Trade Shows and Conferences 

As in previous years, RAD attended several large security
industry events including ISC West, GSX, plus dozens of regional conferences with the purpose of presenting the Company s solutions
to a buying audience and continually loading the sales pipeline with new opportunities. RAD often utilizes the events for speaking engagements
or panel discussions to propel the Company s thought leadership regarding its AI-powered security and safety solutions. 

Additional Points of Interest 

This fiscal year was significant for stabilization
of technology, better understanding of the sales process and related challenges, positioning as a true leader in the industry and the
achievement of several high profile deployments. The Company continues its focus on sales, efficiencies with the goal of achieving
positive cash flow within 18 months. 

Technology reliability issues caused some slower sales adoption in the
fiscal year. As a response the Company has concentrated on it s next-generation system brain called the RADPack Millie
Gen 2. As of June 14 the final prototype was technically approved and is going in production. This will drive the 3.2 series
of devices that production is scheduled for in the August/September timeframe. This new board allows quicker production, full on and off
board peripheral control, advanced fleet management and automated maintenance and reporting. This board is expected to significantly reduce
and/or eliminate various ongoing technical challenges and allow the operations team to accelerate the quantity of system deployments without
increasing the size of the deployment team. 

Management, based on regular conversations with
the Company s largest debt holder, expects no issues regarding pushing out debt deadlines as it has done so in years past.
Management confirms the support of this lender and notes the most recent non-convertible 4M loan facility. As of June 13, 2023, 3.2M of that facility has been used. 

Management reiterates that the plan continues to be to grow revenues, achieve
positive cash flow, reduce debt and prepare for an uplist to Nasdaq. Management estimates this timeline to be in the two to four year
range. On June 14, 2023 the company extended it s No Reverse Split policy by 12 months, to now end January 1, 2025.
It is expected the company will continue 1 year extensions until the conditions merit an uplist to Nasdaq or NYSE. 

- 8 - 

Table of Contents 

Legal Proceedings 

See Item 3 - Legal Proceedings. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 
229.305(e)), we are not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, 
as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We maintain our corporate offices at 701 North Green
Valley Parkway, Suite 200, Henderson, Nevada, 89704 pursuant to a month-to-month lease. Our annual rental cost for this facility is approximately
 936 per year. RAD maintains a mailing address of 31103 Ranch Viejo Road, Suite D2114, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675, USA for a nominal
fee of 264 per year. RAD entered into a 15-month lease at 18009 Sky Park Circle Suite E , Irvine, California 92614, that began on December
18, 2020 and terminated on March 31, 2022, at annual cost of 46,308. This property is used as the West Coast Sales and Service
Center. The lease is not renewable. 

On March 10, 2021 the Company entered into a
ten-year lease of a 29,316 square foot building located at 10800 Galaxie Avenue, Ferndale, Michigan 48220. The lease began
on May 1, 2021. These premises are being used for offices, manufacturing and distribution. The annual rental cost for this facility is
approximately 190,000, plus a proportionate share of operating expenses of approximately 28,000 annually. 

On January 28, 2022, the Company entered into a 2-year
lease agreement for office space at 1516 E Edinger, Santa Ana, California, 92705, commencing on February 1, 2022 through to January 31,
2024 with a minimum base rent of 1,500 per month. The Company paid a security deposit of 1,500. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an
adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. There are no legal proceedings pending
at this time. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

- 9 - 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

AITX s common stock began trading on the Over
the Counter Bulletin Board OTC under the symbol AITX in June 2011 and as AITX on August 24, 2018.
The following table sets forth, for the period indicated, the prices of the common stock in the over-the-counter market, as reported and
summarized by OTC Markets Group, Inc. On August 24, 2018, the Company undertook a 100:1 reverse stock split and on March 27, 2020 a 10,000:1
reverse split. The share capital has been retrospectively adjusted accordingly to reflect this reverse stock split, except for the conversion
price of certain convertible notes as the conversion price is not subject to adjustment from forward and reverse stock splits. 

These quotations represent inter-dealer quotations,
without adjustment for retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not represent actual transactions. There is an absence of an established
trading market for the Company s common stock, as the market is limited, sporadic and highly volatile, which may affect the prices
listed below. 

High 
 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 28, 2023: 

Quarter ended February 28, 2023 

0.02 

0.01 
 
 Quarter ended November 30, 2022 

0.02 

0.01 
 
 Quarter ended August 31, 2022 

0.02 

0.01 
 
 Quarter ended May 31, 2022 

0.01 

0.01 

Fiscal Year Ended February 28, 2022: 

Quarter ended February 28, 2022 

0.03 

0.02 
 
 Quarter ended November 30, 2021 

0.05 

0.03 
 
 Quarter ended August 31, 2021 

0.09 

0.03 
 
 Quarter ended May 31, 2021 

0.16 

0.05 

On April 3, 2022, the closing price per share of the
Company s common stock as quoted on the OTC was 0.0057. 

Dividends 

To date, we have not paid dividends on shares of the
Company s common stock and we do not expect to declare or pay dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable future.
The payment of any dividends will depend upon our future earnings, if any, AITX s financial condition, and other factors deemed
relevant by its Board of Directors. 

Holders of Common Stock 

As of April 3, 2023, there were 84 holders of AITX s
common stock of which 21 were active. The number of foregoing holders does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares
are held in the names of banks, brokers, nominees or other fiduciaries. 

Common Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue 7.225,000,000 shares
of common stock, with a par value of 0.00001. The closing price of its common stock on April 3, 2023, as quoted by OTC Markets Group,
Inc., was 0.0057. There were 5,919,914,956 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of April 3, 2023. All shares of common stock
have one vote per share on all matters including election of directors, without provision for cumulative voting. The common stock is not
redeemable and has no conversion or preemptive rights. The common stock currently outstanding is validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.
In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of common stock will share equally in any balance of its assets available for
distribution to them after satisfaction of creditors and preferred shareholders, if any. The holders of the Company s common are
entitled to equal dividends and distributions per share with respect to the common stock when, as and if, declared by the Board of Directors
from funds legally available. 

Our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, and the applicable
statutes of the state of Nevada contain a more complete description of the rights and liabilities of holders of our securities. 

- 10 - 

Table of Contents 

During the years ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, there was no modification of any instruments defining the rights of holders of the Company s common stock and no limitation
or qualification of the rights evidenced by the Company s common stock as a result of the issuance of any other class of securities
or the modification thereof. 

Non-cumulative voting 

Holders of shares of the Company s common stock
do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding shares, voting for the election
of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose, and, in that event, the holders of the remaining shares
will not be able to elect any of our directors. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

On April 14, 2021 the Company adopted an Incentive
Stock Option Plan where full details are disclosed in Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s 8K filing of April 20,2021. Under the plan the
Company may grant options to service providers and employees to acquire up to 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The
options will be under the varying terms and conditions of an agreement but the exercise price cannot be lower than 100 to 110 of the
fair value of the stock at date of grant and the term of the grant can be no longer than 5 years. On August 11, 2022 the Company amended
the 2021 Plan increasing the maximum number of shares applicable to the 2021 Plan from 5,000,000 to 100,000,000. 

On September 1, 2022, the Company as part of the afore-mentioned
Incentive Stock Option Plan issued 100,000,000 shares to 64 employees. The shares were issued with an exercise price of 0.02, vest after
4 years with a 5 year term having a fair value of 1,020,000. For the year ended February 28, 2023 the Company recorded 122,050 in stock-based
compensation. At February 28, 2023 there remains 95,725,000 options outstanding. 

The following table shows the number of shares of
common stock that could be issued upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants, the weighted average exercise price of the outstanding
options and warrants, and the remaining shares available for future issuance at February 29, 2023. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to 
be issued upon exercise 
of outstanding options, 
warrants and rights 
 
 Weighted average 
exercise price of 
outstanding options, 
warrants and rights 
 
 Number of securities 
remaining available for 
future issuance 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders. 
 
 95,725.000 
 
 0.02 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders. 

Total 
 
 95,725,000 
 
 0.02 

Preferred Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue up to 20,000,000
shares of 0.001 par value preferred stock. The board of directors is authorized to designate any series of preferred stock up to the
total authorized number of shares. 

Series E Preferred Stock 

The Board of Directors has designated 4,350,000 shares
of Series E Preferred Stock. As of the date of this report, there are 3,350,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock outstanding. The Series
E Preferred Stock ranks subordinate to the Company s common stock as to distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation. The Series E preferred stock is non-redeemable, does not have rights upon liquidation of the Company and
does not receive dividends. The outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock have the right to take action by written consent or vote
based on the number of votes equal to twice the number of votes of all outstanding shares of equity instruments with voting rights. As
a result, the holders of Series E Preferred Stock have 2/3rds of the voting power of all shareholders at any time corporate action requires
a vote of shareholders. 

- 11 - 

Table of Contents 

Series F Convertible Preferred Stock 

The Board of Directors has designated 4,350 shares
of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock with a par value of 1.00 per share. As of the date of this report, there are 2,532 shares of
Series F Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. The Series F Convertible Preferred Stock is non-redeemable, does not have rights upon
liquidation of the Company, does not have voting rights and does not receive dividends. Each holder may, at any time and from time to
time convert all, but not less than all, of their shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock into a number of fully paid and nonassessable
shares of common stock determined by multiplying the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company on the date
of conversion by three and 45 100ths (3.45) on a pro rata basis. So long as any shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding,
the Company shall not, without first obtaining the approval of the majority of the holders: (a) alter or change the rights, preferences
or privileges of any capital stock of the Company so as to affect adversely the Series F convertible preferred stock; (b) create
any Senior Securities; (c) create any pari passu Securities; (d) do any act or thing not authorized or contemplated by the Certificate
of Designation which would result in any taxation with respect to the Series F Convertible Preferred Stock under Section 305 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any comparable provision of the Internal Revenue Code as hereafter from time to time amended,
(or otherwise suffer to exist any such taxation as a result thereof). 

Series G Preferred Stock 

The board of directors has designated 100,000 shares
of Series G Preferred Stock. As of the date of this report, there are no shares of Series G Preferred Stock outstanding. The Series G
preferred stock does not have voting rights, does not have rights upon liquidation of the Company and does not receive dividends. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The Transfer Agent for our capital stock is Transhare
with an address at 15500 Roosevelt Boulevard, Suite 302, Clearwater, Florida 33760. Their telephone number is Office phone: 303-662-1112. 

- 12 - 

Table of Contents 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The following is a summary of transactions by AITX
involving sales of its securities that were not registered under the Securities Act. 

Date 
 
 Transaction ) 
 
 Principal Converted 
 
 Interest Converted 
 
 Fees Converted 
 
 Total Amount Converted 
 
 Shares Issued 
 
 Number of shares outstanding February 28, 2017 

18 
 
 March 7, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,840 

1,840 
 
 1 
 
 March 22, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,971 

1,971 
 
 1 
 
 March 27, 2017 
 
 cancelation 

(1) 
 
 April 3, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,487 
 
 3,397 

4,884 
 
 1 
 
 April 7, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,000 

1,000 
 
 1 
 
 April 20, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 920 

920 
 
 1 
 
 April 24, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 6,876 

6,876 
 
 1 
 
 April 26, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,130 

1,130 
 
 1 
 
 May 2, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,130 

1,130 
 
 1 
 
 May 4, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,240 

1,240 
 
 1 
 
 May 4, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 8,854 

8,854 
 
 1 
 
 May 8, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 9,296 

9,296 
 
 1 
 
 May 12, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,432 

1,432 
 
 1 
 
 May 15, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 11,661 

11,661 
 
 1 
 
 May 15, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,550 

1,550 
 
 2 
 
 May 18, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 13,629 

13,629 
 
 2 
 
 May 23, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 9,684 
 
 3,059 

12,743 
 
 1 
 
 May 24, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,730 

1,730 
 
 2 
 
 May 30, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,890 

1,890 
 
 2 
 
 June 7, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,985 

1,985 
 
 2 
 
 June 9, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,085 

2,085 
 
 2 
 
 June 12, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,185 

2,185 
 
 2 
 
 June 14, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,295 

2,295 
 
 2 
 
 June 19, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,400 

2,400 
 
 2 
 
 June 20, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,500 

2,500 
 
 3 
 
 June 20, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,000 
 
 358 

3,358 

June 22, 2017 
 
 warrant exercise 

3 
 
 June 28, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,800 

2,800 
 
 3 
 
 June 28, 2017 
 
 warrant exercise 

3 
 
 July 5, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,050 

3,050 
 
 3 
 
 July 6, 2017 
 
 warrant exercise 

3 
 
 July 7, 2017 
 
 warrant exercise 

July 7, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,400 

3,400 
 
 3 
 
 July 26, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,500 

3,500 
 
 4 
 
 July 28, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 9,750 

9,750 
 
 1 
 
 July 28, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,000 

4,000 
 
 4 
 
 August 2, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 75,000 

75,000 
 
 4 
 
 August 2, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 75,000 
 
 2,483 

77,483 
 
 4 
 
 August 4, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 11,184 

11,184 

August 14, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,500 

4,500 
 
 5 
 
 August 21, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,700 

4,700 
 
 5 
 
 August 29, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,900 

4,900 
 
 5 
 
 September 5, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 26,250 

26,250 
 
 5 
 
 September 18, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 27,250 

27,250 
 
 5 
 
 September 27, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 29,000 

29,000 
 
 6 
 
 October 16, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 30,500 

30,500 
 
 6 
 
 October 16, 2017 
 
 conversion 
 
 10,000 

10,000 

Number of shares outstanding February 28, 2018 

124 

- 13 - 

Table of Contents 

Date 
 
 Transaction ) 
 
 Principal Converted 
 
 Interest Converted 
 
 Fees Converted 
 
 Total Amount Converted 
 
 Shares Issued 
 
 April 16, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 132,160 

132,160 
 
 6 
 
 April 26, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 14,500 

500 
 
 15,000 
 
 1 
 
 May 1, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 26,250 

26,250 
 
 3 
 
 May 3, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,000 

5,000 

May 7, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 27,900 

27,900 
 
 3 
 
 May 10, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 32,400 

32,400 
 
 4 
 
 May 11, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 14,500 

500 
 
 15,000 
 
 2 
 
 May 15, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 7,060 

500 
 
 7,560 
 
 2 
 
 May 15, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 8,000 

8,000 
 
 1 
 
 May 21, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 20,250 

20,250 
 
 3 
 
 May 22, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 6,075 

6,075 
 
 1 
 
 May 24, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 13,056 
 
 3,300 

16,356 
 
 2 
 
 May 30, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 8,182 

8,182 
 
 2 
 
 May 30, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 15,000 

15,000 
 
 3 
 
 June 7, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,922 

2,922 
 
 1 
 
 June 18, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 17,000 

17,000 
 
 4 
 
 June 19, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 14,500 

500 
 
 15,000 
 
 3 
 
 June 28, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 18,000 

18,000 
 
 4 
 
 June 28, 2018 
 
 cancellation 
 
 (7,060) 

(500) 
 
 (7,560) 
 
 (2) 
 
 July 5, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 14,500 

500 
 
 15,000 
 
 4 
 
 July 5, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 8,818 

8,818 
 
 3 
 
 July 11, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 10,200 

10,200 
 
 4 
 
 July 11, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 14,500 

500 
 
 15,000 
 
 5 
 
 July 19, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 16,000 

500 
 
 16,500 
 
 5 
 
 July 19, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 11,000 
 
 1,366 

12,366 
 
 4 
 
 July 23, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 14,500 

500 
 
 15,000 
 
 7 
 
 July 25, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,000 

5,000 
 
 2 
 
 July 31, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 11,000 
 
 1,455 

12,455 
 
 6 
 
 August 24, 2018 
 
 conversion 

15,300 

15,300 
 
 10 
 
 August 27, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,500 

500 
 
 6,000 
 
 10 
 
 August 29, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,280 

500 
 
 4,780 
 
 11 
 
 August 30, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 6,000 

6,000 
 
 10 
 
 August 30, 2018 
 
 rounding shares 

August 31, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 20,000 

20,000 
 
 11 
 
 August 31, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 7,500 

500 
 
 8,000 
 
 11 
 
 September 5, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 8,800 
 
 1,375 

10,175 
 
 13 
 
 September 5, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 7,800 

7,800 
 
 13 
 
 September 7, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 7,000 

500 
 
 7,500 
 
 13 
 
 September 12, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,355 

5,355 
 
 15 
 
 September 12, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 6,500 

500 
 
 7,000 
 
 14 
 
 September 13, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,395 

5,395 
 
 13 
 
 September 13, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,436 

500 
 
 3,936 
 
 14 
 
 September 18, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,670 

5,670 
 
 19 
 
 September 20, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,448 

500 
 
 3,948 
 
 19 
 
 September 21, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 6,720 

6,720 
 
 19 
 
 September 24, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,250 

5,250 
 
 18 
 
 September 26, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 6,132 

6,132 
 
 23 
 
 September 28, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,084 

500 
 
 3,584 
 
 23 
 
 October 1, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,100 

3,100 
 
 20 
 
 October 3, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,030 

4,030 
 
 26 
 
 October 3, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,202 

500 
 
 2,702 
 
 25 
 
 October 5, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,750 
 
 485 

3,235 
 
 16 
 
 October 5, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,449 

4,449 
 
 29 
 
 October 8, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 8,835 

8,835 
 
 105 
 
 October 9, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,158 

500 
 
 4,658 
 
 30 

- 14 - 

Table of Contents 

Date 
 
 Transaction ) 
 
 Principal Converted 
 
 Interest Converted 
 
 Fees Converted 
 
 Total Amount Converted 
 
 Shares Issued 
 
 October 10, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,988 

4,988 
 
 29 
 
 October 15, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,935 

5,935 
 
 33 
 
 October 18, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 9,000 

9,000 
 
 113 
 
 October 19, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,400 
 
 713 

5,113 
 
 33 
 
 October 23, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 9,840 

9,840 
 
 317 
 
 November 1, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 9,400 

9,400 
 
 94 
 
 November 5, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 6,195 

6,195 
 
 52 
 
 November 15, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 7,980 

7,980 
 
 95 
 
 November 27, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,850 
 
 724 

4,574 
 
 123 
 
 December 6, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,056 
 
 797 

4,853 
 
 141 
 
 December 7, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,034 

2,034 
 
 66 
 
 December 10, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,367 

2,367 
 
 76 
 
 December 10, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,333 

500 
 
 2,833 
 
 91 
 
 December 10, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,475 

500 
 
 1,975 
 
 91 
 
 December 10, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,348 

3,348 
 
 90 
 
 December 11, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,489 

2,489 
 
 80 
 
 December 11, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,340 

4,340 
 
 140 
 
 December 12, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,500 

3,500 
 
 94 
 
 December 12, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 6,600 
 
 1,306 

7,906 
 
 213 
 
 December 13, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,408 

500 
 
 2,908 
 
 134 
 
 December 13, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,426 

3,426 
 
 111 
 
 December 14, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,154 

4,154 
 
 134 
 
 December 18, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,368 

4,368 
 
 141 
 
 December 19, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,100 

500 
 
 3,600 
 
 160 
 
 December 19, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,000 
 
 3,348 

4,348 
 
 161 
 
 December 20, 2018 
 
 conversion 

130 
 
 December 20, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,155 

500 
 
 2,655 
 
 169 
 
 December 20, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,636 

3,636 
 
 117 
 
 December 20, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 7,480 
 
 1,520 

9,000 
 
 333 
 
 December 24, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,970 

2,970 
 
 110 
 
 December 26, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,213 

3,213 
 
 143 
 
 December 27, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 1,870 
 
 1,381 

3,252 
 
 120 
 
 December 28, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,700 

500 
 
 4,200 
 
 227 
 
 December 31, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,869 

4,869 
 
 216 
 
 December 31, 2018 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,365 

5,365 
 
 290 
 
 January 2, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 7,370 
 
 1,562 

8,932 
 
 425 
 
 January 7, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,360 

3,360 
 
 240 
 
 January 7, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,944 

3,944 
 
 290 
 
 January 8, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,080 

4,080 
 
 300 
 
 January 9, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,161 

500 
 
 3,661 
 
 317 
 
 January 10, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,380 

3,380 
 
 325 
 
 January 11, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,280 
 
 1,150 

6,430 
 
 397 
 
 January 11, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,625 

3,625 
 
 290 
 
 January 14, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,400 

3,400 
 
 340 
 
 January 15, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,100 

4,100 
 
 410 
 
 January 15, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,300 

4,300 
 
 430 
 
 January 17, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,800 

4,800 
 
 480 
 
 January 22, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,435 

4,435 
 
 504 
 
 January 22, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,230 

4,230 
 
 470 
 
 January 23, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,816 

3,816 
 
 530 
 
 January 25, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,781 

3,781 
 
 556 
 
 January 28, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,276 

3,276 
 
 585 
 
 January 29, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,690 

3,690 
 
 615 
 
 January 29, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,870 

3,870 
 
 645 

- 15 - 

Table of Contents 

Date 
 
 Transaction ) 
 
 Principal Converted 
 
 Interest Converted 
 
 Fees Converted 
 
 Total Amount Converted 
 
 Shares Issued 
 
 January 30, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,080 

4,080 
 
 680 
 
 January 31, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,500 

4,500 
 
 750 
 
 January 31, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,290 

4,290 
 
 715 
 
 February 4, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,740 

4,740 
 
 790 
 
 February 5, 2019 
 
 cancellation 
 
 (2,658) 

(2,658) 
 
 (17) 
 
 February 5, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,980 

4,980 
 
 830 
 
 February 12, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,340 

5,340 
 
 890 
 
 February 14, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,236 

5,236 
 
 935 
 
 February 21, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,956 

4,956 
 
 900 
 
 Number of shares outstanding February 28, 2019 

20,026 
 
 May 6, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,768 

5,768 
 
 1,030 
 
 May 6, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 15,000 

15,000 
 
 882 
 
 May 6, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 11,900 

11,900 
 
 992 
 
 May 7, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 6,048 

6,048 
 
 1,080 
 
 May 7, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 11,900 

11,900 
 
 992 
 
 May 8, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 6,384 

6,384 
 
 1,140 
 
 May 8, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 11,800 

11,800 
 
 983 
 
 May 8, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 7,312 

500 
 
 7,812 
 
 1,240 
 
 May 9, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 12,500 

12,500 
 
 1,136 
 
 May 10, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 7,200 

7,200 
 
 655 
 
 May 8, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,400 

4,400 
 
 1,000 
 
 May 13, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 7,493 

7,493 
 
 1,338 
 
 May 13, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 12,650 
 
 3,786 

16,436 
 
 1,957 
 
 May 21, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,281 

3,281 
 
 586 
 
 May 22, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 11,550 
 
 3,526 

15,076 
 
 2,094 
 
 July 11, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 11,000 
 
 3,984 

14,984 
 
 1,921 
 
 July 25, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 8,584 

8,584 
 
 2,000 
 
 July 30, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 16,940 
 
 6,350 

23,290 
 
 3,882 
 
 July 31, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 9,872 

9,872 
 
 2,300 
 
 August 2, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 10,301 

10,301 
 
 2,400 
 
 August 8, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 21,450 
 
 8,170 

29,620 
 
 4,937 
 
 August 11, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 10,945 

10,945 
 
 2,550 
 
 August 11, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,837 

5,837 
 
 1,360 
 
 August 12, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 8,800 

8,800 
 
 2,750 
 
 August 12, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 13,915 
 
 5,337 

19,252 
 
 4,011 
 
 August 13, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,528 

3,528 
 
 1,260 
 
 August 14, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,920 

5,920 
 
 2,960 
 
 August 15, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 12,650 
 
 4,877 

17,527 
 
 5,842 
 
 August 15, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 6,200 

6,200 
 
 3,100 
 
 August 16, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 8,060 

8,060 
 
 4,030 
 
 August 19, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 6,784 

6,784 
 
 4,240 
 
 August 20, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 7,136 

7,136 
 
 4,460 
 
 August 20, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 12,100 
 
 4,705 

16,805 
 
 7,002 
 
 August 21, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,284 
 
 5,628 

9,912 
 
 4,690 
 
 August 22, 2019 
 
 conversion 

6,348 

6,348 
 
 5,290 
 
 August 23, 2019 
 
 conversion 

4,400 

4,400 
 
 5,500 
 
 August 26, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 7,810 
 
 3,068 

10,878 
 
 9,065 
 
 August 26, 2019 
 
 conversion 

3,416 

3,416 
 
 4,270 
 
 August 27, 2019 
 
 conversion 

2,240 

2,240 
 
 2,800 
 
 August 29, 2019 
 
 conversion 

5,344 

5,344 
 
 6,680 
 
 September 3, 2019 
 
 conversion 

5,616 

5,616 
 
 7,020 
 
 September 3, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 6,149 
 
 2,449 

8,598 
 
 14,329 

- 16 - 

Table of Contents 

Date 
 
 Transaction ) 
 
 Principal Converted 
 
 Interest Converted 
 
 Fees Converted 
 
 Total Amount Converted 
 
 Shares Issued 
 
 September 4, 2019 
 
 conversion 

2,956 

2,956 
 
 7,390 
 
 September 5, 2019 
 
 conversion 

3,240 

3,240 
 
 8,100 
 
 September 6, 2019 
 
 conversion 

3,560 

3,560 
 
 8,900 
 
 September 9, 2019 
 
 conversion 

3,752 

3,752 
 
 9,380 
 
 September 10, 2019 
 
 conversion 

3,944 

3,944 
 
 9,860 
 
 September 10, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 6,826 
 
 2,750 

9,575 
 
 15,959 
 
 September 11, 2019 
 
 conversion 

4,129 

4,129 
 
 10,300 
 
 September 12, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,447 
 
 2,233 

4,680 
 
 11,700 
 
 September 13, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,920 

4,920 
 
 12,300 
 
 September 16, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,818 
 
 2,342 

5,160 
 
 12,900 
 
 September 17, 2019 
 
 conversion 

2,960 

2,960 
 
 7,400 
 
 September 18, 2019 
 
 conversion 

4,760 

4,760 
 
 11,900 
 
 September 19, 2019 
 
 conversion 

2,920 

2,920 
 
 7,300 
 
 September 20, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 202 
 
 1,998 

2,200 
 
 5,500 
 
 September 25, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 4,506 
 
 234 

4,740 
 
 12,600 
 
 October 3, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 5,651 
 
 349 

6,000 
 
 15,000 
 
 October 10, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,760 
 
 280 

4,040 
 
 10,100 
 
 October 25, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,584 
 
 556 

3,140 
 
 15,700 
 
 November 4, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,926 
 
 354 

3,280 
 
 16,400 
 
 November 27, 2019 
 
 conversion 
 
 2,970 
 
 770 

3,740 
 
 18,700 
 
 January 3, 2020 
 
 conversion 

2,640 

2,640 
 
 13,200 
 
 January 27, 2020 
 
 conversion 
 
 3,360 

3,360 
 
 16,800 
 
 February 1, 2020 
 
 cancellation 
 
 (3,360) 

(3,360) 
 
 (16,800) 
 
 February 5, 2020 
 
 cancellation 

(640) 

(640) 
 
 (3,200) 
 
 February 5, 2020 
 
 conversion 

4,060 

4,060 
 
 20,300 
 
 February 29, 2020 
 
 rounding shares issuable 

2,946 
 
 Number of shares outstanding February 29, 2020 

418,415 
 
 March 29, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,568 

2,568 
 
 21,400 
 
 March 30, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 742 

500 
 
 1,242 
 
 20,700 
 
 March 31, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,013 

1,013 
 
 21,100 
 
 April 3, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

936 

936 
 
 19,500 
 
 April 6, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 868 

500 
 
 1,368 
 
 22,800 
 
 April 7, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,186 

1,186 
 
 24,700 
 
 April 7, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 1,500 

500 
 
 2,000 
 
 25,000 
 
 April 8, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,104 

1,104 
 
 23,000 
 
 April 13, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,474 

1,474 
 
 30,700 
 
 April 14, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,272 

1,272 
 
 26,500 
 
 April 16, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 1,456 

500 
 
 1,956 
 
 32,600 
 
 April 17, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,613 

1,613 
 
 33,600 
 
 April 20, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,776 

1,776 
 
 37,000 
 
 April 20, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 1,200 

500 
 
 1,700 
 
 23,611 
 
 April 21, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,448 

1,448 
 
 31,000 
 
 April 23, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,773 

1,773 
 
 38,500 
 
 April 24, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,392 

1,392 
 
 43,500 
 
 April 24, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 1,941 

500 
 
 2,441 
 
 42,420 
 
 April 27, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,469 

1,469 
 
 45,900 
 
 April 28, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

781 

781 
 
 24,400 
 
 April 28, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,376 

1,376 
 
 43,000 
 
 April 29, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 2,400 

500 
 
 2,900 
 
 48,333 
 
 April 30, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,408 

1,408 
 
 44,000 
 
 April 30, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 2,225 

500 
 
 2,725 
 
 54,500 
 
 May 1, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,792 

1,792 
 
 56,009 
 
 May 4, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,728 

1,728 
 
 54,000 
 
 May 4, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 5,060 
 
 2,719 

7,779 
 
 129,643 

- 17 - 

Table of Contents 

Date 
 
 Transaction ) 
 
 Principal Converted 
 
 Interest Converted 
 
 Fees Converted 
 
 Total Amount Converted 
 
 Shares Issued 
 
 May 4, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 2,724 

500 
 
 3,224 
 
 71,640 
 
 May 5, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,365 

2,365 
 
 73,900 
 
 May 6, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 3,750 

500 
 
 4,250 
 
 78,703 
 
 May 7, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,170 

2,170 
 
 67,800 
 
 May 7, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 2,640 

500 
 
 3,140 
 
 78,500 
 
 May 8, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,592 

1,592 
 
 59,400 
 
 May 11, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 1,843 

500 
 
 2,343 
 
 90,100 
 
 May 12, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,095 

2,095 
 
 100,700 
 
 May 12, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 1,910 

500 
 
 2,410 
 
 95,000 
 
 May 12, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 4,070 
 
 2,208 

6,278 
 
 201,231 
 
 May 13, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,413 

2,413 
 
 116,000 
 
 May 14, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,936 

1,936 
 
 94,000 
 
 May 14, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 2,698 

500 
 
 3,198 
 
 123,000 
 
 May 14, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 3,300 

500 
 
 3,800 
 
 121,794 
 
 May 15, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,764 

1,764 
 
 98,000 
 
 May 15, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 4,510 
 
 2,416 

6,926 
 
 232,206 
 
 May 18, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,728 

2,728 
 
 155,000 
 
 May 19, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,546 

2,546 
 
 148,000 
 
 May 19, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 3,108 

500 
 
 3,608 
 
 164,000 
 
 May 19, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 3,108 

500 
 
 3,608 
 
 164,000 
 
 May 19, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 2,450 

500 
 
 2,950 
 
 121,399 
 
 May 20, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,477 

2,477 
 
 144,000 
 
 May 21, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

3,560 

3,560 
 
 207,000 
 
 May 22, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 3,600 

500 
 
 4,100 
 
 210,000 
 
 May 22, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 5,665 
 
 3,112 

8,777 
 
 416,744 
 
 May 25, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 3,238 

500 
 
 3,738 
 
 230,000 
 
 May 26, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

3,120 

3,120 
 
 240,000 
 
 May 27, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,280 

2,280 
 
 190,000 
 
 May 28, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,148 

2,148 
 
 179,000 
 
 May 28, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 6,050 
 
 3,347 

9,397 
 
 522,072 
 
 May 28, 2020 
 
 Rounding shares 

9 
 
 May 29, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 4,000 

500 
 
 4,500 
 
 257,731 
 
 June 1, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,367 

2,367 
 
 202,000 
 
 June 1, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 4,380 

4,380 
 
 300,000 
 
 June 1, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 8,680 

8,680 
 
 620,000 
 
 June 3, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

3,427 

3,427 
 
 357,000 
 
 June 4, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 4,372 

500 
 
 4,872 
 
 435,000 
 
 June 4, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,554 

2,554 
 
 285,000 
 
 June 3, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 7,095 
 
 3,954 

11,049 
 
 754,703 
 
 June 4, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 9,744 

9,744 
 
 870,000 
 
 June 5, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

3,916 

3,916 
 
 445,000 
 
 June 8, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 4,770 

4,770 
 
 530,000 
 
 June 8, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,980 

2,980 
 
 487,000 
 
 June 8, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 6,600 
 
 3,700 

10,300 
 
 1,122,004 
 
 June 9, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 3,593 

500 
 
 4,093 
 
 535,000 
 
 June 10, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 4,396 

500 
 
 4,896 
 
 640,000 
 
 June 10, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,472 

2,472 
 
 404,000 
 
 June 11, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,935 

2,935 
 
 587,000 
 
 June 11, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 4,320 

4,320 
 
 720,000 
 
 June 12, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 6,600 
 
 3,718 

10,318 
 
 1,433,000 
 
 June 15, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

3,126 

3,126 
 
 704,000 
 
 June 15, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 9,435 

9,435 
 
 1,700,000 
 
 June 15, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 4,218 

500 
 
 4,718 
 
 850,000 
 
 June 17, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

3,135 

3,135 
 
 825,000 

- 18 - 

Table of Contents 

Date 
 
 Transaction ) 
 
 Principal Converted 
 
 Interest Converted 
 
 Fees Converted 
 
 Total Amount Converted 
 
 Shares Issued 
 
 June 17, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 4,750 

4,750 
 
 1,000,000 
 
 June 17, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 5,830 
 
 3,303 

9,133 
 
 1,902,773 
 
 June 18, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,608 

2,608 
 
 815,000 
 
 June 18, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 4,300 

500 
 
 4,800 
 
 1,200,000 
 
 June 19, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 3,500 

500 
 
 4,000 
 
 1,000,000 
 
 June 19, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

2,797 

2,797 
 
 874,000 
 
 June 19, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 6,490 
 
 3,686 

10,176 
 
 2,119,985 
 
 June 22, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

4,627 

4,627 
 
 1,446,000 
 
 June 22, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 6,930 
 
 3,950 

10,880 
 
 2,266,600 
 
 June 23, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

5,120 

5,120 
 
 1,600,000 
 
 June 22, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 10,000 

10,000 
 
 2,500,000 
 
 June 23, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 6,100 

500 
 
 6,600 
 
 1,650,000 
 
 June 23, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 10,120 
 
 5,775 

15,895 
 
 3,311,362 
 
 June 23, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 2,488 

500 
 
 2,988 
 
 747,000 
 
 June 24, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 8,400 

8,400 
 
 2,100,000 
 
 June 24, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 17,200 

17,200 
 
 4,300,000 
 
 June 24, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 10,120 
 
 5,781 

15,901 
 
 3,312,766 
 
 June 24, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 1,150 

500 
 
 1,650 
 
 343,750 
 
 June 25, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

7,040 

7,040 
 
 2,200,000 
 
 June 25, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 10,300 

500 
 
 10,800 
 
 2,700,000 
 
 June 25, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 11,275 
 
 6,448 

17,723 
 
 3,692,421 
 
 June 26, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

6,400 

6,400 
 
 2,000,000 
 
 June 29, 1930 
 
 Conversion 
 
 12,800 

12,800 
 
 3,200,000 
 
 June 29, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 3,355 
 
 485 

3,840 
 
 1,200,000 
 
 June 30, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 4,841 
 
 119 

4,960 
 
 1,550,000 
 
 June 29, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 13,000 
 
 861 

13,861 
 
 2,887,685 
 
 July 1, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 12,980 

500 
 
 13,480 
 
 3,370,000 
 
 July 1, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 22,800 

22,800 
 
 5,700,000 
 
 July 1, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 12,485 
 
 7,191 

19,676 
 
 4,099,085 
 
 July 1, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 5,222 
 
 116 

5,338 
 
 1,668,000 
 
 July 2, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 7,248 
 
 112 

7,360 
 
 2,300,000 
 
 July 6, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 16,088 

16,088 
 
 4,021,875 
 
 July 1, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 13,250 
 
 861 

14,111 
 
 2,945,058 
 
 July 6, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 17,600 
 
 10,195 

27,795 
 
 5,790,666 
 
 July 7, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 7,462 
 
 538 

8,000 
 
 2,500,000 
 
 July 8, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 6,297 
 
 103 

6,400 
 
 2,000,000 
 
 July 9, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 18,150 
 
 10,550 

28,700 
 
 5,979,187 
 
 July 9, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 20,000 

20,000 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 July 10, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 9,403 
 
 197 

9,600 
 
 3,000,000 
 
 July 14, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

10,240 

10,240 
 
 3,200,000 
 
 July 14, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 12,000 

12,000 
 
 3,000,000 
 
 July 14, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 9,230 
 
 370 

9,600 
 
 3,000,000 
 
 July 14, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 12,114 
 
 7,082 

19,196 
 
 3,999,234 
 
 July 14, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 24,000 

24,000 
 
 6,000,000 
 
 July 14, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

12,800 

12,800 
 
 4,000,000 
 
 July 16, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 22,611 
 
 13,782 

36,392 
 
 7,581,749 
 
 July 17, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 33,000 
 
 18,736 

51,736 
 
 10,645,130 
 
 July 20, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

1,600 

1,600 
 
 500,000 
 
 July 20, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 32,000 

32,000 
 
 8,000,000 
 
 July 20, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 28,600 
 
 16,249 

44,849 
 
 9,237,550 
 
 July 20, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

10,560 

10,560 
 
 3,300,000 
 
 July 21, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

6,400 

6,400 
 
 2,000,000 
 
 July 22, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

6,400 

6,400 
 
 2,000,000 
 
 July 22, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

24,000 

24,000 
 
 7,500,000 

- 19 - 

Table of Contents 

Date 
 
 Transaction ) 
 
 Principal Converted 
 
 Interest Converted 
 
 Fees Converted 
 
 Total Amount Converted 
 
 Shares Issued 
 
 July 23, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

6,400 

6,400 
 
 2,000,000 
 
 July 24, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

6,400 

6,400 
 
 2,000,000 
 
 July 24, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 9,000 

9,000 
 
 2,000,000 
 
 July 24, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 27,500 
 
 15,741 

43,241 
 
 6,863,668 
 
 July 27, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 16,018 
 
 182 

16,200 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 July 27, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

22,680 

22,680 
 
 7,000,000 
 
 July 28, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 9,150 
 
 50 

9,200 
 
 2,500,000 
 
 July 29, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 50,032 
 
 7,700 

57,732 
 
 9,785,085 
 
 July 29, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 10,456 
 
 44 

10,500 
 
 2,500,000 
 
 July 29, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

29,400 

29,400 
 
 7,000,000 
 
 July 29, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 27,500 
 
 15,833 

43,333 
 
 6,878,219 
 
 July 30, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 10,463 
 
 37 

10,500 
 
 2,500,000 
 
 July 30, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

29,400 

29,400 
 
 7,000,000 
 
 July 30, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 57,750 

57,750 
 
 11,000,000 
 
 July 30, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 12,570 
 
 30 

12,600 
 
 3,000,000 
 
 July 31, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

29,400 

29,400 
 
 7,000,000 
 
 July 31, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 23,100 
 
 13,330 

36,430 
 
 7,019,333 
 
 July 31, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 6,734 
 
 66 

6,800 
 
 2,000,000 
 
 August 3, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 43,500 

43,500 
 
 10,000,000 
 
 August 3, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

29,400 

29,400 
 
 7,000,000 
 
 August 3, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

8,500 

8,500 
 
 2,500,000 
 
 August 4, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 17,985 
 
 10,427 

28,412 
 
 5,474,293 
 
 August 4, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

5,800 

5,800 
 
 2,500,000 
 
 August 5, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 27,500 
 
 13,979 

41,479 
 
 8,837,286 
 
 August 6, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 33,741 
 
 18,759 

52,500 
 
 12,500,000 
 
 August 6, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

17,000 

17,000 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 August 10, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 43,294 
 
 953 

44,247 
 
 15,000,000 
 
 August 11, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 25,850 
 
 15,107 

40,957 
 
 17,065,350 
 
 August 11, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 12,533 
 
 10,000 

22,533 
 
 11,268,750 
 
 August 12, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 8,965 
 
 5,245 

14,210 
 
 5,920,900 
 
 August 14, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 27,500 
 
 15,510 

43,010 
 
 17,920,835 
 
 August 14, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 16,000 

16,000 
 
 8,000,000 
 
 August 17, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

12,000 

12,000 
 
 6,000,000 
 
 August 19, 2020 
 
 Conversion 

12,000 

12,000 
 
 6,000,000 
 
 August 19, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 26,510 
 
 15,040 

41,550 
 
 17,312,501 
 
 August 27, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 25,441 
 
 10,000 
 
 500 
 
 35,941 
 
 17,970,625 
 
 August 28, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 41,000 

41,000 
 
 20,000,000 
 
 August 28, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 38,500 
 
 21,894 

60,394 
 
 25,164,027 
 
 August 31, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 39,500 

500 
 
 40,000 
 
 20,000,000 
 
 September 3, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 44,990 
 
 25,974 

70,964 
 
 29,568,429 
 
 September 4, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 48,100 

500 
 
 48,600 
 
 27,000,000 
 
 September 10, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 44,000 
 
 19,046 

63,046 
 
 29,188,067 
 
 September 14, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 36,000 

36,000 
 
 20,000,000 
 
 September 16, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 36,300 
 
 15,858 

52,158 
 
 28,976,854 
 
 September 17, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 30,000 

30,000 
 
 20,000,000 
 
 September 21, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 29,700 
 
 13,074 

42,774 
 
 35,645,000 
 
 September 22, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 33,500 

500 
 
 34,000 
 
 34,000,000 
 
 September 22, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 20,000 

20,000 
 
 20,000,000 
 
 September 25, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 27,500 
 
 12,179 

39,679 
 
 38,900,867 
 
 September 28, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 21,000 

21,000 
 
 30,000,000 
 
 September 28, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 6,850 

500 
 
 7,350 
 
 15,000,000 
 
 September 29, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 23,300 

500 
 
 23,800 
 
 34,000,000 
 
 September 30, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 27,500 
 
 12,410 

39,910 
 
 47,511,901 
 
 October 5, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 27,500 
 
 11,991 

39,491 
 
 50,630,340 

- 20 - 

Table of Contents 

Date 
 
 Transaction ) 
 
 Principal Converted 
 
 Interest Converted 
 
 Fees Converted 
 
 Total Amount Converted 
 
 Shares Issued 
 
 October 5, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 17,500 

17,500 
 
 25,925,926 
 
 October 6, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 5,881 
 
 9,360 
 
 500 
 
 15,741 
 
 24,217,169 
 
 October 6, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 6,780 

500 
 
 7,280 
 
 16,000,000 
 
 October 8, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 33,000 
 
 14,762 

47,762 
 
 61,233,329 
 
 October 12, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 27,500 
 
 12,375 

39,875 
 
 66,458,333 
 
 October 15, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 41,800 
 
 26,711 

68,511 
 
 114,185,778 
 
 October 15, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 6,500 

500 
 
 7,000 
 
 20,000,000 
 
 October 21, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 22,000 
 
 10,032 

32,032 
 
 53,386,667 
 
 October 26, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 10,000 
 
 5,000 

15,000 
 
 25,000,000 
 
 October 29, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 44,000 
 
 20,298 

64,298 
 
 107,164,443 
 
 October 29, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 27,500 
 
 14,000 

41,500 
 
 69,166,666 
 
 November 2, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 2,500 
 
 142 

2,642 
 
 4,403,700 
 
 November 9, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 38,500 
 
 18,044 

56,544 
 
 94,239,448 
 
 November 17, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 38,500 
 
 25,450 

63,950 
 
 106,582,783 
 
 November 24, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 40,040 
 
 26,655 

66,695 
 
 111,157,519 
 
 December 1, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 44,660 
 
 29,938 

74,598 
 
 124,330,726 
 
 December 3, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 38,170 
 
 22,938 

61,108 
 
 101,847,067 
 
 December 10, 2020 
 
 Conversion 
 
 78,650 
 
 47,584 

126,234 
 
 210,390,074 
 
 December 28, 2020 
 
 Warrants 

1,190 
 
 119,000,000 
 
 January 1, 2021 
 
 Warrants 

1,250 
 
 125,000,000 
 
 January 21, 2021 
 
 Warrants 

736 
 
 73,650,793 
 
 January 14, 2021 
 
 Warrants 

1,300 
 
 130,000,000 
 
 January 20, 2021 
 
 Warrants 

323 
 
 32,338,030 
 
 January 20, 2021 
 
 Warrants 

1,280 
 
 127,992,278 
 
 February 3, 2021 
 
 Fees 

5,000,000 
 
 February 10, 2021 
 
 Warrants 

75,000,000 
 
 February 16, 2021 
 
 Warrants 

14,268,324 
 
 February 16, 2021 
 
 Warrants 

130,000,000 
 
 February 19, 2021 
 
 Conversion 
 
 82,500 
 
 27,530 

110,030 
 
 4,075,191 
 
 February 23, 2021 
 
 Warrants 

42,189,696 
 
 February 26, 2021 
 
 Warrants 

24,771,271 
 
 Number of shares outstanding February 28, 2021 

3,229,426,884 

- 21 - 

Table of Contents 

Date 
 
 Transaction 
 
 Consideration 
 
 Shares Issued 
 
 March 3, 2021 
 
 Conversion of Series F Preferred Shares 
 
 40 Series F shares converted 
 
 156,978,130 
 
 March 23, 2021 
 
 Conversion of Series F Preferred Shares 
 
 18 Series F shares converted 
 
 74,652,380 
 
 April 8, 2021 
 
 Conversion of Series F Preferred Shares 
 
 20 Series F shares converted 
 
 84,715,488 
 
 June 3, 2021 
 
 Exercise of warrants 
 
 Cashless exercise of 188,000,000 warrants 
 
 182,000,000 
 
 June 15, 2021 
 
 Exercise of warrants 
 
 Cashless exercise of 11,000,000 warrants 
 
 9,975,508 
 
 June 15, 2021 
 
 Debt exchange 
 
 2,545,900 in debt exchanged for common shares 
 
 39,167,693 
 
 June 15, 2021 
 
 Debt Exchange 
 
 5,000,875 in debt exchanged for common shares 
 
 76,936,539 
 
 July 21, 2021 
 
 Exercise of warrants 
 
 Cashless exercise of 112,000,000 warrants 
 
 108,276,053 
 
 July 26, 2021 
 
 Common stock issued at previous day bid price per note conversion agreement 
 
 Convert a note payable including 275,000 of principal, 16,955 of interest, and 1,750 of fees 
 
 10,859,436 
 
 August 5, 2021 
 
 Common stock issued at previous day bid price per note conversion agreement 
 
 Convert a note payable including 550,000 of principal, and 55,000 of interest 
 
 20,183,000 
 
 September 16, 2021 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 5 day period 
 
 0.03 per share for gross proceeds of 601,499 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 563,849 
 
 19,943,616 
 
 September 24, 2021 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 5 day period 
 
 0.03 per share for gross proceeds of 770,141 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 691,336 
 
 24,289,716 
 
 October 7, 2021 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 92 VWAP over previous 3 day period 
 
 0.02 per share for gross proceeds of 1,182,004 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 1,170,788 
 
 49,000,000 
 
 October 14, 2021 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 5 day period 
 
 0.02 per share for gross proceeds of 1,155,997 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 1,090,557 
 
 55,166,929 
 
 October 19, 2021 
 
 Exercise of warrants 
 
 Cashless exercise of 52,985,075 warrants 
 
 50,000,000 
 
 October 25, 2021 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 5 day period 
 
 0.03 per share for gross proceeds of 2,708,457 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 2,600,119 
 
 95,368,212 
 
 October 27, 2021 
 
 Exercise of warrants 
 
 Cashless exercise of 47,014,925 warrants 
 
 44,770,776 
 
 November 11, 2021 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 92 VWAP over previous 3 day period 
 
 0.03 per share for gross proceeds of 1,358,600 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 1,345,014 
 
 50,000,000 
 
 November 24, 2021 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 92 VWAP over previous 3 day period 
 
 0.03 per share for gross proceeds of 1,016,515 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 1,006,349 
 
 51,400,000 
 
 January 3, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.01 per share for gross proceeds of 1,275,000 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 1,183,725 
 
 100,000,000 
 
 January 19, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.02 per share for gross proceeds of 1,697,110 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 1,577,312 
 
 100,000,000 
 
 February 8, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.01 per share for gross proceeds of 1,412,700 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 1,312,811 
 
 100,000,000 

Number of shares outstanding February 28, 2022 

4,733,110,360 

- 22 - 

Table of Contents 

Date 
 
 Transaction 
 
 Consideration 
 
 Shares Issued 
 
 April 6, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.01 per share for gross proceeds of 1,350,6500 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 1,255,104 
 
 100,000,000 
 
 May 25, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.01 per share for gross proceeds of 411,729 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 390,4761 
 
 33,881,576 
 
 June 6, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.01 per share for gross proceeds of 292,268 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 276,630 
 
 23,723,044 
 
 June 15, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.01 per share for gross proceeds of 317,845 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 300,927 
 
 28,378,983 
 
 June 27, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.01 per share for gross proceeds of 292,386 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 276,742 
 
 26,873,732 
 
 July 8, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.01 per share for gross proceeds of 221,755 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 209,643 
 
 22,175,543 
 
 July 11, 2022 
 
 Exercise of warrants 
 
 Cashless exercise of 8,250,000 warrants 
 
 1,688,178 
 
 July 19, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.01 per share for gross proceeds of 163,167 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 153,983 
 
 16,059,723 
 
 July 21, 2022 
 
 Exercise of warrants 
 
 Cashless exercise of 53,128,210 warrants 
 
 8,000,001 
 
 August 12, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.009 per share for gross proceeds of 225,065 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 212,787 
 
 23,841,632 
 
 August 22, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.009 per share for gross proceeds of 225,065 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 212,787 
 
 20,638,478 
 
 August 30, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 92 VWAP over previous 3 day period 
 
 0.009 per share for gross proceeds of 284,290 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 281,280 
 
 30,000,000 
 
 August 31, 2022 
 
 Cancellation of common stock 
 
 Pursuant to an SEC enforcement action against a lender 
 
 (17,116,894) 
 
 September 7, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.008 per share for gross proceeds of 167,289 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 157,900 
 
 20,348,167 
 
 September 19, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.008 per share for gross proceeds of 147,542 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 139,140 
 
 18,260,143 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 5 day period 
 
 0.007 per share for gross proceeds of 103,152 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 96,969 
 
 14,820,143 
 
 October 12, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.006 per share for gross proceeds of 80,278 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 75,240 
 
 12,543,515 
 
 October 20, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.006 per share for gross proceeds of 94,361 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 88,618 
 
 17,094,439 
 
 October 31, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.005 per share for gross proceeds of 89,237 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 83,750 
 
 17,705,725 
 
 November 9, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.005 per share for gross proceeds of 72,964 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 68,291 
 
 14,710,472 

- 23 - 

Table of Contents 

Date 
 
 Transaction 
 
 Consideration 
 
 Shares Issued 
 
 November 17, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.005 per share for gross proceeds of 80,548 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 75,496 
 
 15,490,043 
 
 November 22, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.006 per share for gross proceeds of 354,770 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 336,007 
 
 66,188,441 
 
 December 7, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 92 VWAP over previous 3 day period 
 
 0.008 per share for gross proceeds of 231,840 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 228,840 
 
 30,000,000 
 
 December 9, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.006 per share for gross proceeds of 207,058 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 195,680 
 
 32,762,396 
 
 December 20, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.005 per share for gross proceeds of 139,080 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 131,102 
 
 25,947,874 
 
 December 29, 2022 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.005 per share for gross proceeds of 135,832 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 128,016 
 
 28,778,009 
 
 January 9, 2023 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.004 per share for gross proceeds of 123,603 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 116,397 
 
 27,589,862 
 
 January 17, 2023 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.005 per share for gross proceeds of 118,338 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 111,397 
 
 23,858,593 
 
 January 20, 2023 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.005 per share for gross proceeds of 214,971 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 203,197 
 
 40,174,120 
 
 January 27, 2023 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.005 per share for gross proceeds of 303,216 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 287,030 
 
 46,792,519 
 
 February 6, 2023 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.007 per share for gross proceeds of 387,943 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 367,521 
 
 60,616,138 
 
 February 10, 2023 
 
 Exercise of warrants 
 
 Cashless exercise of 47,000,000 warrants 
 
 35,618,378 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.007 per share for gross proceeds of 652,837 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 619,170 
 
 90,071,304 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.006 per share for gross proceeds of 511,317 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 484,726 
 
 81,316,289 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 Common stock issued as penalty pursuant to share purchase agreement 
 
 Corresponding adjustment to paid in capital 
 
 17,500,000 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to share purchase agreement at 85 VWAP over previous 10 day period 
 
 0.005 per share for gross proceeds of 253,832 and net proceeds (after issuance costs) of 240,115 
 
 46,660,225 

Number of shares outstanding February 28, 2023 

5,836,641,599 
 
 __________ 

 Conversions occur at discounts ranging from 40-50 of average market
price 

 Shares adjusted for reverse stock splits: 100: 1 on August 24, 2018
and 10,000:1 on March 27, 2020 

 Total proceeds 600 

 Total proceeds 8,922 

 At February 28, 2022 there were 2,100,000 issuable shares 

 At February 28, 2023 there were 12,100,000 issuable shares 

- 24 - 

Table of Contents 

In connection with the foregoing, the Registrant relied
upon the exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and the rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission thereunder, in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Regulation D thereunder. 

Penny Stock Regulations 

The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted
regulations which generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share.
Our Common Stock falls within the definition of penny stock and therefore is subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements
on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with
assets in excess of 1,000,000, or annual incomes exceeding 200,000 individually, or 300,000, together with their spouse). For transactions
covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received
the purchaser s prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt transactions, involving
a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated by the Securities and
Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also make a special written determination that the penny
stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. In addition,
the broker-dealer must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations
for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s
presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held
in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict the
ability of broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock and may affect the ability of investors to sell their Common Stock in the secondary
market. 

In addition to the penny stock rules
promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has adopted rules
that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment
is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers
must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and
other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities
will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their
customers buy our common stock, which may limit the investors ability to buy and sell our stock. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Registrant
and Affiliated Purchasers 

We have not repurchased any shares of our common stock
during the fiscal years ended February 28, 2023 or 2022. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to those financial statements
that are included elsewhere in this report. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve
risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under
the Risk Factors, Forward-Looking Statements and Business sections in this report. We use words such as anticipate, estimate, 
 plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, 
 intend, may, will, should, could, and similar expressions to identify
forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

AITX was incorporated in Florida on March 25, 2010.
AITX reincorporated into Nevada on February 17, 2015. AITX fiscal year end is February 28 (February 29 during leap year). AITX
is located at 10800 Galaxie Ave ,Ferndale Michigan , 48220, and our telephone number is 877-767-6268. 

- 25 - 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 

The following table shows our results of operations
for the years ended February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021. The historical results presented below are not necessarily indicative of
the results that may be expected for any future period. 

Period 

Year Ended 
 
 Year Ended 
 
 Change 

February 28, 2023 
 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 Dollars 
 
 Percentage 

Revenues 

1,331,956 

1,447,109 

(115,153) 
 (8) 
 
 Gross profit 

653,883 

974,183 

(320,300) 
 (33) 
 
 Operating expenses 

13,344,563 

14,346,069 

(1,001,506) 
 (7) 
 
 Loss from operations 

(12,690,680) 
 
 (13,371,886) 
 
 681,206 
 
 (5) 
 
 Other income (expense), net 

(5,418,777) 
 
 (48,825,598) 
 
 43,406,821 
 
 89 

Net loss 

(18,109,457) 
 
 (62,197,484) 
 
 44,088,027 
 
 71 

The following table presents revenues from contracts
with customers disaggregated by product/service: 

Year Ended 
 
 Year Ended 
 
 Change 

February 28, 2023 
 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 Dollars 
 
 Percentage 

Device rental activities 

754,126 

592,401 

161,725 
 
 27 

Direct sales of goods and services 

577,830 

854,708 

(276,878) 
 (32) 

1,331,956 

1,447,109 

(115,153) 
 (8) 

Revenue 

Total revenue for the year ended February 28, 2023
was 1,331,956, which represented a decrease of 115,153 compared to total revenue of 1,447,109 for the year ended February 28, 2022.
This decrease was a result of higher unit sales in fiscal 2022 which were 688,180 as compared to unit sales of 376,546, this 311,634
increase was partially offset by increases in training revenue in 2023 so as to yield an overall decrease in direct sales of goods and
services of 276,878. Rental activities increased by 161,725 or 27 , as the Company continues to grow its product line and customer
base. 

Gross profit 

Total gross profit for the year ended February 28,
2023 was 653,883 , which represented a decrease of 320,300, compared
to total gross profit of 974,183 for the year ended February 28, 2022. The decrease is a result of the decrease in revenues above, higher
amount of overhead allocated to cost of sales in fiscal 2023 by approximately 257,000 due to full year s allocation in 2023 partially
as compared to only a partial year s allocation ion 2022. Although the factory lease started in May 2021 it took many months to
ramp up factory capacity and personnel. Cost of sales also increased due to more staff being allocated to production work overt R D
work and a higher inventory provision in 2023. 

Operating expenses 

Operating expenses for the years ended February 28,
2023 and February 28, 2022 comprised of the following: 

Period 

Year Ended 
 
 Year Ended 
 
 Change 

February 28, 2023 
 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 Dollars 
 
 Percentage 

Research and development 

3,625,468 

2,961,394 

664,074 
 
 (22) 
 
 General and administrative 

8,980,709 

10,905,129 

(1,924,420) 
 (18) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

478,115 

232,886 

245,229 
 
 105 

Operating lease cost and rent 

260,271 

275,785 

(15,514) 
 (6) 
 
 (Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets 

(29,125) 
 
 29,125 
 
 100 

Operating expenses 

13,344,563 

14,346,069 

(1,001,506) 
 (7) 

- 26 - 

Table of Contents 

Our operating expenses were comprised of general and
administrative expenses, research and development, depreciation and amortization, operating lease and rent and a (gain) loss on disposal of
fixed assets. General and administrative expenses consisted primarily of professional services, automobile expenses, advertising, salaries
and wages, travel expenses and rent. Our operating expenses during the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 were 13,344,563
 and 14,346,069, respectively. The overall 1,001,506 de crease in operating expenses was primarily
attributable to the following changes in operating expenses: 

Research and development expenses increased by 664,074 which was due funding development of new products,(such as the ROAMEO, RIO, RADDOG,and new RAD software solutions as well as upgrades of existing products. 

General and administrative expenses decreased by 1,924,420 primarily due to the following changes: 

For the year ended February 28, 2023 stock based compensation to CEO in equity awards was 499,500 with 118,500 fees paid to consultants, and a charge of 122,050 all totaling 740,050 compare with stock based compensation to CEO in equity awards was 2,048,850 with 109,200 fees paid to consultants all totaling 2,158,050 for the year ended February 28, 2022. This represents a decrease of 1,418,000 in stock based compensation. 

Professional fees decreased by 401,687 due to decreases in financial reporting of 167,321, decrease in legal of 143,044, decrease in professional fees from former director of 282,946 with the remaining offsetting increase due to changes in regulatory, investor relations and consulting costs. 

Wages, salaries and payroll levies decreased by 499,661 with a reduction in CEO compensation of 1,093,758 offset by the increase in staff . 

Office expense increased by 113,610. 

Freight, duty and brokerage increased by 84,725 due to higher purchases in 2023. 

Insurance cost increase by 210,985 due to health plan and liability insurance increases. 

Advertising and marketing costs increased by 385,919 as the Company increased efforts to promote its products. 

Bad debts expense increased by 173,859 due to write off of uncollectible accounts. 

Supplies decreased by 224,703 as a higher amount was used in manufacturing and part of capital cost of revenue earning devices in 2023. 

Trade shows and travel increased by 133,098 as a result of promotional and business travel in fiscal 2023. 

The remaining offsetting increases were distributed amongst other general and administrative accounts such as website design warehouse expense, repairs and maintenance, and utilities amongst others. In general, these increases in general and administrative expenses may be explained due to a ramp up in personnel and production and the full year of the manufacturing facility in 2023. 

Operating lease cost and rent decreased by 15,514 due to the expiration of a lease in the current period. 

Depreciation and amortization increased by 245,229 due to the increase in revenue earning devices and new computer equipment, tooling ,furniture and fixtures and manufacturing equipment in fixed assets. 

(Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets decreased by 29,125 due to a vehicle disposal in 2022 that yielded a gain. 

Other income (expense) 

Other income (expense) consisted of the change of
fair value of derivative instruments interest expense and gain on settlement of debt. Other income (expense) during the years ended February
28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, was 5,418,777) and 48,825,598), respectively. 

- 27 - 

Table of Contents 

The change in other income (expense) was due to the
following: 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities decreased by 368,621 due to the re-valuation of derivative liability on convertible notes based on the change in the market price of the Company s common stock and the reduction in convertible notes payable through debt conversions to common stock and settlements. At February 28, 203 there was no longer any convertible debt. 

Interest expense decreased by 10,703,135 due to lower amortization of debt discounts for the year ended February 28, 2023 of 1,980,033 (2022- 7,597,242). Interest expense in 2022 was higher due to interest expense related to the issuance of warrants for debt extensions of 5,415,000 for which there was no charge in 2023. Loans payable increased by approximately 5 million in 2023, with most of that increase occurring in the latter part of the year and related interest increased by approximately 570,000. 

Gain on settlement of debt increased by 33,072,305 due to the fiscal 2022 valuation of Series F shares and warrants given in exchange for an amendment to a deferred variable payment obligation that resulted in a loss of 33,015,215. There was no corresponding charge for the year ended February 29, 2023. The difference can be attributed to smaller gains and losses on other debt settlements. In 2023 the 3,992 gain is resultant from the settlement of convertible notes. 

The Company s loss from operations for the year
ended February 28, 2023 was 12,690,680, which represented a decrease in loss of 681,206 compared
to a loss of 13 ,371,886 for the year ended February 28, 2022. The lower revenues and gross profit
in 2023 were offset by significantly lower operating expenses for the reasons set out above. Note that the Company had a net loss of 18,109,457
for the year ended February 28, 2023, as compared to net loss of 62,197,484 for the year ended February 28, 2022. This change is mostly
attributable to the loss on settlement of debt, decrease in interest expense and a decrease in general and administrative costs. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications
of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern. 

For the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company
had negative cash flow from operating activities of 12,577,395. As of February 28, 2023 the Company has an accumulated deficit of 112,253,711
and negative working capital of 12,610,601. Management does not anticipate having positive cash flow from operations in the near future.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the twelve months following
the issuance of these financial statements. 

The Company does not have the resources at this time
to repay all its credit and debt obligations, make any payments in the form of dividends to its shareholders or fully implement its business
plan. Without additional capital, the Company will not be able to remain in business. At the same time management points to its successful
history with maintaining Company operations and reminds all with reasonable confidence this will continue. Management has plans
to address the Company s financial situation as follows: 

Management is committed to raise either non-dilutive
funds or minimally dilutive funds. There is no assurance that these funds will be able to be raised nor can we provide assurance that
these possible raises may not have dilutive effects. In March 2023, the Company entered into an equity financing agreement whereby an
investor will purchase up to 30,000,000 of the Company s common stock at a discount over a two year period. In March
and April the Company reduced personnel that were working on far-future solutions as well as other department reductions. Combined with
other cost cutting measures management estimates it reduced the monthly expense burn by 200,000 - 300,000 with little impact on short
and medium term operations. Management believes that it has the necessary support to continue operations by continuing its funding methods
in the following ways : growing revenues ,equity proceeds and non-convertible debt. Management has had many recent conversations with
the Company s primary debt holder and believes that the non-convertible debt on the balance sheet will be extended. Management notes
that non-convertible debt on the books has been extended by this debt holder twice in the past and notes that this debt holder has been
a strong supporter of the Company. 

- 28 - 

Table of Contents 

Capital Resources 

The following table summarizes total current assets,
liabilities and working capital for the period indicated: 

February 28, 2023 
 
 February 28, 2022 

Current assets 

3,438,992 

7,050,436 

Current liabilities (1) 

16,049,593 

4,547,718 

Working capital 

(12,610,601) 
 
 2,502,718 

__________ 

(1) 
 As February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, current liabilities included approximately 0 and 7,587, respectively, of derivative liabilities that are expected to be settled in shares of the Company in accordance with the various conversion terms. 

As of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, we
had a cash balance of 939,759 and 4,648,146, respectively. 

Summary of Cash Flows 

Year Ended 
February 28, 2023 
 
 Year Ended 
February 28, 2022 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(12,577,395) 
 
 (14,825,442) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

(308,402) 
 
 (129,200) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

9,177,410 

18,558,370 

Net cash used in operating activities for the year
ended February 28, 2023 was 12,577,395, which included a net loss of 18,109,457, non-cash activity such as the change in fair value
of derivative liabilities of 3,595), gain on settlement of debt of 3,992), amortization of debt discount of 1,980,033, stock based
compensation of 740,050, reduction in right of use asset 112,396, accretion of lease liability 141,631, increase in related party accrued
payroll and interest 12,960, inventory provision of 130,000, bad debts expense 45,110, depreciation and amortization of 478,115 and
change in operating assets and liabilities of 1,899,354. 

Net cash used in investing activities. 

Net cash used in investing activities for the year
ended February 28, 2023 was 308,402. This consisted of the purchase of fixed assets and investment of 258,402 and 50,000, respectively.. 

Net cash provided by financing activities. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 9,177,410
for the year ended February 28, 2023. This consisted of share proceeds net of issuance costs of 7,771,169 ,and proceeds from loans payable
 3,300,000 and convertible notes payable of 619,250 offset by repayments of convertible notes payable and loans payable of 750,000 and
 1,763,009, respectively. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any outstanding off-balance sheet guarantees,
interest rate swap transactions or foreign currency forward contracts. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest
in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have
any variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or that engages
in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. 

Significant Accounting Policies 

Use of Estimates 

In order to prepare financial statements in conformity
with accounting principals generally accepted in the United States, management must make estimates , judgements and assumptions that affect
the amounts reported in the financial statements and determine whether contingent assets and liabilities, if any , are disclosed in the
financial statements. The ultimate resolution of issues requiring these estimates and assumptions could differ significantly from resolution
currently anticipated by management and on which the financial statements are based. The most significant estimates included in these
consolidated financial statements are those associated with the assumptions used to value derivative liabilities. 

- 29 - 

Table of Contents 

Revenue Earning Devices 

Revenue earning devices are stated at cost. Depreciation
is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of 48 months. The Company continually evaluates revenue earning devices
to determine whether events or changes in circumstances have occurred that may warrant revision of the estimated useful life or whether
the devices should be evaluated for possible impairment. The Company uses a combination of the undiscounted cash flows and market approaches
in assessing whether an asset has been impaired. The Company measures impairment losses based upon the amount by which the carrying amount
of the asset exceeds the fair value. 

Fixed Assets 

Fixed assets are stated at cost. Depreciation is provided
on the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the respective assets which range from three to five years. Major repairs
or improvements are capitalized. Minor replacements and maintenance and repairs which do not improve or extend asset lives are expensed
currently. 

Computer equipment 
 
 3 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 
 3 years 
 
 Office equipment 
 
 4 years 
 
 Warehouse equipment 
 
 5 years 
 
 Demo Devices 
 
 4 years 
 
 Vehicles 
 
 3 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 
 5 years, the life of the lease 

The Company periodically evaluates the fair value
of fixed assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Upon retirement
or other disposition of fixed assets, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain
or loss, if any, is recognized in income. 

Research and Development 

Research and development costs are expensed in the
period they are incurred in accordance with ASC 730, Research and Development unless they meet specific criteria related
to technical, market and financial feasibility, as determined by Management, including but not limited to the establishment of a clearly
defined future market for the product, and the availability of adequate resources to complete the project. If all criteria are met, the
costs are deferred and amortized over the expected useful life or written off if a product is abandoned. At February 28, 2022 and February
28, 2021, the Company had no deferred development costs. 

Sales of Future Revenues 

The Company has entered into transactions, as more
fully described in footnote 11, in which it has received funding from investors in exchange for which it will make payments to those investors
based on the level of sales of certain revenue categories, generally based on a percentage of sales for those certain revenues. The Company
determines whether these agreements constitute sales of future revenues or are in substance debt based on the facts and circumstances
of each agreement, with the following primary criteria determinative of whether the agreement constitutes a sale of future revenues or
debt: 

Does the agreement purport, in substance, to be a sale 

Does the Company have continuing involvement in the generation of cash flows due the investor 

Is the transaction cancellable by either party through payment of a lump sum or other transfer of assets 

Is the investors rate of return implicitly limited by the terms of the agreement 

Does the Company s revenue for a reporting period underlying the agreement have only a minimal impact on the investor s rate of return 

Does the investor have recourse relating to payments due 

In the event a transaction is determined to be a sale
of future revenues, it is recorded as deferred revenue and amortized using the sum-of-the-revenue method. In the event a transaction is
determined to be debt, it is recorded as debt and amortized using the effective interest method. As of the date of these financial statements,
the Company has determined that all such agreements are debt. 

- 30 - 

Table of Contents 

Revenue Recognition 

ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606) , supersedes the revenue recognition requirements and industry specific guidance under Revenue
Recognition (Topic 605) . Topic 606 requires an entity to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Topic 606 defines
a five-step process that must be evaluated and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue
recognition process than required under existing accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S.
GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include
in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. 

Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity 

The Company relies on the guidance provided by ASC
Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , to classify certain redeemable and/or convertible instruments. The Company
first determines whether a financial instrument should be classified as a liability. The Company will determine the liability classification
if the financial instrument is mandatorily redeemable, or if the financial instrument, other than outstanding shares, embodies a conditional
obligation that the Company must or may settle by issuing a variable number of its equity shares. 

Once the Company determines that a financial instrument
should not be classified as a liability, the Company determines whether the financial instrument should be presented between the liability
section and the equity section of the balance sheet temporary equity ). The Company will determine temporary equity classification
if the redemption of the financial instrument is outside the control of the Company (i.e. at the option of the holder). Otherwise, the
Company accounts for the financial instrument as permanent equity. 

Our CEO and Chairman holds sufficient shares of the
Company s voting stock that give sufficient voting rights under the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Company such that
the CEO and Chairman can at any time unilaterally vote to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock of the Company without
the need to call a general meeting of common shareholders of the Company 

Initial Measurement 

The Company records its financial instruments classified
as liability, temporary equity or permanent equity at issuance at the fair value, or cash received. 

Subsequent Measurement Financial Instruments
Classified as Liabilities 

The Company records the fair value of its financial
instruments classified as liabilities at each subsequent measurement date. The changes in fair value of its financial instruments classified
as liabilities are recorded as other income (expenses). 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures ASC Topic 820 provides a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. 

ASC Topic 820 defines fair value as the price that
would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on
market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions
developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). 

The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels,
which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest
priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under ASC Topic 820 are described as follows: 

- 31 - 

Table of Contents 

Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 

Level 3 Inputs that are unobservable for the asset or liability. 

Measured on a Recurring Basis 

The following table presents information about our
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, aggregated by the level in the fair value hierarchy within which those measurements
fell: 

Fair Value Measurement Using 

Amount at 
Fair Value 
 
 Level 1 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Level 3 

February 28, 2023 

Liabilities 

Incentive compensation plan payable revaluation of equity awards payable in Series G shares 

979,000 

979,000 

February 28, 2022 

Liabilities 

Incentive compensation plan payable revaluation of equity awards payable in Series G shares 

479,500 

479,500 

Derivative liability conversion features pursuant to convertible notes payable 

7,587 

7,587 

The carrying amounts of the Company s financial
assets and liabilities, such as cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and advances, accounts payable and accrued expenses, approximate
their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. 

Earnings (Loss) per Share 

Basic earnings (loss) per share EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding
(denominator) during the period. Diluted EPS give effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the
treasury stock method and convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price
for the period is used to determine the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options and/or warrants. Diluted
EPS excluded all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. 

Basic loss per common share is computed based on the
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per share is computed in a manner similar to the basic loss
per share, except the weighted-average number of shares outstanding is increased to include all common shares, including those with the
potential to be issued by virtue of convertible debt and other such convertible instruments. Diluted loss per share contemplates a complete
conversion to common shares of all convertible instruments only if they are dilutive in nature with regards to earnings per share. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In September 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial
Instruments-Credit Losses . ASU 2016-13 was issued to provide more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on
financial instruments and changes the loss impairment methodology. ASU 2016-13 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2019 using a modified retrospective adoption method. A prospective transition approach is required for debt securities for which an
other-than-temporary impairment had been recognized before the effective date. The standard did not materially impact our consolidated
net loss, accumulated deficit, and had no impact on cash flows. The Company has adopted this on March 1, 2020. 

- 32 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We do not have any financial instruments that are
exposed to significant market risk. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents in bank deposits and short-term, highly liquid money market
investments. A hypothetical 100-basis point increase or decrease in market interest rates would not have a material impact on the fair
value of our cash equivalents securities, or our earnings on such cash equivalents. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

See Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement
Schedules appearing on pages F-1 through F-36 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

From October 31, 2019 through April 28, 2023, there
were (i) no disagreements (as described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) between the Company and
LJ Soldinger Associates LLC LJ Soldinger on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement
disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of February 28, 2023, we carried out an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based
upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of February 28, 2021, our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Limitations on Systems of Controls 

Our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent
all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. To
address the material weaknesses identified in our evaluation, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures in an
effort to ensure our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly present
in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s
principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures
that: 

- 33 - 

Table of Contents 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial
reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

As of February 28, 2023, management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation, they concluded that, during the period covered by this report,
such internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of U.S. GAAP rules as more fully described
below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely
affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

The matters involving internal controls and procedures
that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013) by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) were: lack of a functioning audit committee; lack
of a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors; inadequate segregation of
duties consistent with control objectives; management is dominated by a single individual; use of the inappropriate methodology of allocating
proceeds in certain debt transactions and the expensing timing of the related debt discount; use of inappropriate fair values in certain
preferred stock issuances and settlements. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive Officer in connection
with the review of our financial statements as of February 28, 2023. 

Management believes that the material weaknesses set
forth above did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee
and the lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring
of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

This report does not include an attestation report
of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject
to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us
to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

No changes were made to our internal control over
financial reporting during the year ended February 28, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

- 34 - 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth the names, positions
and ages of our directors and executive officers as of the date of this report. Our directors serve for one year and until their successors
are elected and qualified. Our officers are elected by the board of directors to a term of one year and serve until their successor is
duly elected and qualified, or until they are removed from office. The board of directors has no nominating, auditing or compensation
committees. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Steven Reinharz (1) 
 48 
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director (2) 
 
 Anthony Brenz 
 62 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 __________ 

(1) 
 Director as of March 2, 2021 
 
 (2) 
 All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. 

Biographical information concerning our director and
executive officers listed above is set forth below. 

Steven Reinharz . RAD was founded by
Mr. Reinharz in July of 2016, and he has been continuously employed by RAD and its affiliated companies since that time. He is the holder
of a majority of our capital stock. Mr. Reinharz has served as a member of the Board of Directors since March 2, 2021 and as our Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary of the Company since March 2, 2021 and resigned as our Chief Financial Officer
as of April 26, 2021 upon Anthony Brenz s appointment as our Chief Financial Officer. As our Chief Executive Officer and President
of RAD, Mr. Reinharz leverages his extensive knowledge and interest in robotics and artificial intelligence to design and develop robotic
solutions that increase business efficiency and deliver immediate and impressive cost savings. Mr. Reinharz is an active voice in both
the security and artificial intelligence industries. He started and ran his own security integration company from the age of 24 to 31,
becoming one of California s leading system integrators. Mr. Reinharz later was part of a team that successfully sold an integrator
to a global security firm for 42 million and has held various other security industry roles. Mr. Reinharz speaks and contributes to panels
at ISC East and West, and ASIS. Mr. Reinharz is a leading member of several industry association committees, mostly through the Security
Industry Association. Mr. Reinharz has called Orange County, California home since 1995, having grown up in Montreal and Toronto. He earned
a dual Bachelor of Science degree in Political Science and Commercial Studies. 

Anthony Brenz was appointed as our Chief
Financial Officer on April 26, 2021. He is an accomplished senior financial and operational executive for over 20 years of experience
in finance and operations, including corporate strategy, procurement and supply chain, human resources, and customer service. From April
2018 to December 2020, Anthony Brenz was the Vice President/Director Finance of AirBoss Flexible Products Company. From September 2014
to April 2018, he was the Chief Financial Officer/Vice President of Finance of Thomson Aerospace and Defense (a Parker Meggitt Company).
From August 2012 to September 2014, he was the Vice President/Director of Finance of M B Aeospace US Holdings, Inc. Anthony Brenz received
a Bachelor of Accountancy from Walsh College in Troy Michigan in 1989 and has been licensed as a Certified Public Accountant in Michigan
since 1989. 

There are no family relationships between any of the
executive officers and directors. 

Board Committees and Director Independence 

Mr. Reinharz serves as director, and we do not have
a separately designated audit committee, compensation committee or nominating and corporate governance committee. The functions of those
committees are being undertaken by our directors. Since we do not have any independent directors and have only two directors, our
directors believes that the establishment of committees of the Board would not provide any benefits to our company and could be considered
more form than substance. 

We currently have an employee director, Mr. Reinharz,
but no independent directors, as such term is defined in the listing standards of The NASDAQ Stock Market, and we do not anticipate appointing
additional directors in the near future. 

- 35 - 

Table of Contents 

Our directors are not audit committee financial experts 
within the meaning of Item 401(e) of Regulation S-K. As with most small, early stage companies, until such time that the Company further
develops its business, achieves a stronger revenue base and has sufficient working capital to purchase directors and officer s insurance,
the Company does not have any immediate prospects to attract independent directors. When the Company is able to expand our Board of Directors
to include one or more independent directors, the Company intends to establish an Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. It is our
intention that one or more of these independent directors will also qualify as an audit committee financial expert. Our securities are
not quoted on an exchange that has requirements that a majority of our Board members be independent, and the Company is not currently
otherwise subject to any law, rule or regulation requiring that all or any portion of our Board of Directors include independent 
directors, nor are we required to establish or maintain an Audit Committee or other committee of our Board of Directors. 

Procedures for Nominating Directors 

There have been no material changes to the procedures
by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Board since the most recently completed fiscal quarter. We do not have a policy
regarding the consideration of any director candidates that may be recommended by our stockholders, including the minimum qualifications
for director candidates, nor has our sole director established a process for identifying and evaluating director nominees. We have not
adopted a policy regarding the handling of any potential recommendation of director candidates by our stockholders, including the procedures
to be followed. Our sole director has not considered or adopted any of these policies, as we have never received a recommendation from
any stockholder for any candidate to serve on our Board of Directors. Given our relative size and lack of directors and officers insurance
coverage, we do not anticipate that any of our stockholders will make such a recommendation in the near future. 

While there have been no nominations of additional
directors proposed, in the event such a proposal is made, all current members of our Board will participate in the consideration of director
nominees. 

Director Qualifications 

Mr. Steve Reinharz is our sole director and was appointed
on March 2, 2021. He is the founder of our operating company, Robotoc Assistance Devices, Inc. (see bio on page 33). 

Code of Ethics and Business Conduct 

We have adopted a code of ethics meeting the requirements
of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We believe our code of ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote
honest and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable
laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of violations; and provide accountability for adherence to the provisions of the code of ethics. 

Director Compensation 

Apart from a settlement paid upon Mr. Parsons resignation
on June 22, 2021 totaling 265,700 no other compensation was paid for his services as a director. We reimburse our directors for all reasonable
ordinary and necessary business-related expenses, but we did not pay any other director s fees or any other cash compensation for
services rendered as a director during the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 to any of the individuals serving on our
Board during that period. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive
officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the
SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common
shares and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 stockholders
are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based on our review of the copies
of such forms received by us, or written representations that no other reports were required, and to the best of our knowledge, we believe
that all of our officers, directors, and owners of 10 or more of our common stock filed all required Forms 3, 4, and 5. 

- 36 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table summarizes all compensation recorded
by us in the past two fiscal years for Mr. Reinharz , our President and Chief Executive Officer , Anthony Brenz, our Chief Financial Officer
and Garret Parsons our former President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

2023 AND 2022 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary 
or 
Fees ) 
 
 Bonus ) 
 
 Stock 
Awards ) 
 
 Option 
Awards ) 
 
 Non-Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Compensation ) 
 
 Non-Qualified 
Deferred 
Compensation 
Earnings ) 
 
 All Other 
Compensation ) 
 
 Total ) 
 
 Steven Reinharz 
 
 2023 
 
 300,000 
 
 280,908 
 
 499,500 

1,080,408 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary (1) 
 
 2022 
 
 240,000 
 
 1,429,328 
 
 1,979,500 
 
 69,350 

3,718,178 

Anthony Brenz 
 
 2023 
 
 190,000 
 
 1,500 

191,500 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (1) 
 
 2022 
 
 155,928 
 
 6,000 

161,928 
 
 __________ 

(1) 
 Steven Reinharz was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary on March 2, 2021.Mr.Reinharz ceased being Chief Financial Officer on June 24, 2021 and on that date appointed Anthony Brenz as Chief Financial Officer 

Employment Agreements 

On March 1, 2021, Mr. Parsons entered into a consulting
agreement with us whereby he would provide services for a three-year term. The consulting agreement sets his annual compensation as 96,000
for the first year, 108,000 for the second year, and 120,000 for the third year. On June 22, 2021, Mr. Garett Parsons submitted his
resignation as our director effective as of June 22, 2021 as a result of personal reasons. In connection with the resignation of Mr. Parsons,
we and Mr. Parsons entered into a resignation letter agreement which cancels the previous consulting agreement. Pursuant to the terms
of this letter, Mr. Parsons will receive, among other things, a lump sum payment equal to 265,700 which was paid in June 2021.This payment
was a settlement as director of the company and not included as executive compensation above. 

On April 9, 2021 Mr. Reinharz entered into an employment
agreement with the Company in connection with his service as Chief Executive Officer. The agreement began on April 9, 2021 and has a three-year
term, renewable thereafter on an annual basis if neither party files a notice of termination 90 days prior to the term renewal date. The
agreement provides for compensation of 240,000 base salary (to be reviewed annually by the Board of Directors) and bonuses to be granted
at the discretion of the Board of Directors. In addition, the Company will grant stock options to Mr. Reinharz under the following conditions:

Award #1 Mr.
Reinharz shall be granted an award of 10,000,000 million shares/options/warrants if Objective #1 is achieved. Objective
#1 : the price per share of the Company s common stock has increased in value to an average of 0.30 for ten (10) days in a thirty-day
trading period. For example, pursuant to a Company Stock Plan, if one is adopted, Mr. Reinharz may elect to exercise Award #1 on a cash
or cashless basis at an exercise price of 0.15 per share/option/warrant. 

Award #2 Mr. Reinharz shall be granted
an award of 30,000,000 million shares/options/warrants if Objective #2 is achieved. Objective #2 : the price
per share of the Company s common stock has increased in value to an average of 0.50 for ten (10) days in a thirty-day trading
 period. For example, pursuant to a Company Stock Plan, if one is adopted, Mr. Reinharz may elect to exercise Award #2 on a cash
or cashless basis at an exercise price of 0.25 per share/option/warrant. 

On July 12, 2021 the Company and CEO amended the April 9, 2021 Employment
Agreement effective July 1, 2021 whereby the following objectives and awards were added to the two existing ones: 

Objective #3 : 
 Sales in any fiscal quarter exceed the total sales in fiscal year 2021 for the first time. 

Award #3 : 
 Five hundred (500) shares of Series G preferred stock. 

Objective #4 : 
 One hundred fifty (150) devices are deployed in the marketplace. 

Award #4 : 
 Two hundred fifty (250) shares of Series G preferred stock. 

- 37 - 

Table of Contents 

Objective #5 : 
 Year-to-date sales at any point in fiscal year 2022 exceed One Million Dollars 1,000,000). 

Award #5 : 
 Two hundred fifty (250) shares of Series G preferred stock. 

Objective #6 : 
 The price per share of common stock has increased to and maintains a price of Ten Cents 0.10) or more for ten (10) days in a thirty (30) day period. 

Award #6 : 
 Two hundred fifty (250) shares of Series G preferred stock. 

Objective #7 : 
 The price per share of common stock has increased to and maintains a price of Twenty Cents 0.20) or more for ten (10) days in a thirty(30) day period. 

Award #7 : 
 Five hundred (500) shares of Series G preferred stock. 

Objective #8 : 
 The RAD 3.0 products are launched into the marketplace by November 30, 2022. 

Award #8 : 
 Five hundred (500) shares of Series G preferred stock. 

Objective #9 : 
 RAD receives an order for fifty (50) units from a single customer. 

Award #9 : 
 Five hundred (500) shares of Series G preferred stock. 

The fair value of the first two awards was obtained
through the use of the Monte Carlo method was 69,350 with a charge to stock- based compensation and a corresponding charge to paid in
capital. The fair value of the remaining rewards was determined by calculating the vesting amounts of each reward and then determining
for each reporting period the requisite service rendered and applying that against the cash redemption value of the number of shares of
Series G issuable for each tier in the agreement. For the period ended February 28, 2023 that amount totaled 499,500 with a charge to
stock-based compensation and a corresponding charge to incentive compensation plan payable. For the period ended February 28, 2022 that
amount totaled 1,979,500 with a charge to stock-based compensation and a corresponding charge to incentive compensation plan payable.
With the achievement of objectives 3,4,5 and 8 of the equity awards described above the CEO was granted 1,500 Series G Preferred shares
which were redeemed in the reporting period for 1,500,000 in cash. As part of the grant, the Company is responsible for grossing up the
award value and has accrued additional compensation for the estimated taxes to be paid by the executive. 

On April 20,2021 an offer letter was agreed with Anthony
Brenz for a base salary of 180,000, a discretionary quarterly bonus and future participation in the Employee Stock Option Plan. Employment
commenced on April 26, 2021 and Mr. Brenz was appointed the Company s Chief Financial Officer on June 24, 2021. The base salary
was amended to 190,000 on January 1, 2022. 

O utstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End 

The following table provides information concerning
unexercised options, stock that has not vested and equity incentive plan awards for Mr. Reinharz and Mr Brenz, our sole executive officers
outstanding as of February 28, 2023: 

OPTION AWARDS 
 
 STOCK AWARDS 

Name 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 
(#) 
 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 

Steven Reinharz 
 
 0 
 
 10,000,000 
 
 10,000,000 
 
 0.15 
 
 April 9, 2024 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 770.5 
 
 770,500 

Steven Reinharz 
 
 0 
 
 30,000,000 
 
 30,000,000 
 
 0.25 
 
 April 9, 2024 

Anthony Brenz 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 4,500,000 
 
 0.02 
 
 Sept. 1, 2027 
 
 4,500,000 
 
 26,550 
 
 0 
 
 0 

- 38 - 

Table of Contents 

On April 14, 2021, the Shareholders of Series E Preferred
Stock and the Board of Directors of our Company Board approved and adopted the 2021 Incentive Stock Plan (the 2021
Plan ). On August 11, 2022 the Company amended the 2021 Plan increasing the maximum number of shares applicable to the 2021 Plan
from 5,000,000 to 100,000,000. 

The purpose of the 2021 Plan is to promote the success
of the Company by authorizing incentive awards to retain Directors, executives, selected Employees and Consultants, and reward participants
for making major contributions to the success of the Company. The 2021 Plan authorizes the granting of stock options, restricted stock,
restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights and stock awards. A total of one hundred million (100,000,000) shares of common stock
may be issued under the 2021 Plan. All awards under the 2021 Plan, whether vested or unvested, are subject to the terms of any recoupment,
clawback or similar policy of the Company in effect from time to time, as well as any similar provisions of applicable law, which could
in certain circumstances require repayment or forfeiture of awards or any shares of stock or other cash or property received with respect
to the awards, including any value received from a disposition of the shares acquired upon payment of the awards. The 2021 Plan will be
administered by the Board or any Committee authorized by the Board, if applicable, which will have the sole authority to, among other
things: construe and interpret the 2021 Plan; make rules and regulations relating to the administration of the 2021 Plan; select participants;
and establish the terms and conditions of awards, all in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan will remain in effect
until April 14, 2031, unless sooner terminated by the Board. Termination will not affect awards then outstanding. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

At May 31, 2023, we had 6,117,570,789 shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of
May 3, 2023, and reflects: 

each of our executive officers; 

each of our directors; 

all of our directors and executive officers as a group; and 

each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock. 

Information on beneficial ownership of securities
is based upon a record list of our stockholders and we have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. We
believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws, except as
otherwise provided below. 

Amount and Nature of 

Percent of 

Name 
 
 Beneficial Ownership (1) 

Common Stock (2) 

Named Executive Officers and Directors: 

Steven Reinharz (3) 

20,414,041,490 

74.99 

Anthony Brenz 

0 

0 

Mark Folmer 

0 

0 

All executive officers and directors as a group (3 persons) 

20,414,041,490 

74.99 

5 Shareholders: 

Steven Reinharz 

20,414,041,490 

74.99 

__________ 

(1) 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Beneficial ownership also includes shares of stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this table. In determining the percent of common stock owned by a person or entity as of the date of this Report, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity, including shares which may be acquired within 60 days on exercise of warrants or options and conversion of convertible securities, and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of common stock outstanding on as of May 31, 2023 6,117,570,789 shares, and (ii) the total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of the derivative securities. Unless otherwise stated, each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares. 

(2) 
 Based on 6,117,570,789 shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2023. 

- 39 - 

Table of Contents 

(3) 
 Steve Reinharz is a director and the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary as well as the CEO of RAD and is the holder of (i) 3,350,000 shares of our Series E Preferred Stock and, (ii) 2,450 shares of our Series F Convertible Preferred Stock. If Mr. Reinharz converted the 2,450 shares of the Company s Series F Convertible Preferred Stock, he would receive 20,414,041,490 shares of the Company s common stock, which is included in the chart above as if such conversion has occurred. Further, the outstanding shares of Series E preferred stock have the right to take action by written consent or vote based on the number of votes equal to twice the number of votes of all outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, the holders of Series E preferred stock has 2/3rds of the voting power of all shareholders at any time corporate action requires a vote of shareholders. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

We do not have a written policy for the review, approval
or ratification of transactions with related parties or conflicted transactions. When such transactions arise, they are referred to our
board of directors for its consideration. 

For the years ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2021, the Company made net repayments of 0 and 803,394, respectively, to its loan payable-related party. At February 28, 2023,
the loan payable-related party was 206,516 and 193,556 at February 28, 2022. As of February 28, 2023, included in the balance due to
the related party is 108,000 of deferred salary all of which bears interest at 12 . At February 28, 2023 there was 108,000 of deferred
salary with 90,000 bearing interest at 12 . The accrued interest included at February 28, 2023 was 15,660 (2022- 2,700). 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 pursuant to
the amended Employment Agreement with its Chief Executive Officer the Company accrued 499,500 as incentive compensation plan payable
with a corresponding recognition of stock based compensation due to the expectation of additional awards being met. At February 28, 2023,
the balance of incentive compensation plan payable was 979,000 (2022- 479,500). This will be payable in Series G Preferred Shares which
are redeemable at the Company s option at 1,000 per share. 

During the year ended February 28, 2022, pursuant
to the amended Employment Agreement with its Chief Executive Officer, the Company issued 1,500 shares of Series G Preferred Shares which
are redeemable at the Company s option at 1,000 per share and recorded 1,500,000 of stock based compensation. The Company redeemed
these shares for 1,500,000 and accrued 479,500 as incentive compensation plan payable with a corresponding recognition of stock based
compensation due to the expectation of additional awards being met. 

During the years ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the Company was charged 3,578,981 and 2,258,819, respectively in consulting fees for research and development to a company
partially owned by a principal shareholder. The principal shareholder received no compensation from this partially owned research and
development company and the fees were spent on core development projects. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

On October 31, 2019 the Board of Directors of the
Company approved and ratified the engagement Engagement of LJ Soldinger Associates LLC LJ Soldinger as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm.. 

The following table shows the fees that were billed
for the audit and other services provided by LJ Soldinger for the fiscal years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022. 

2022 

Audit Fees 

298,698 

Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 

298,698 

2021 

Audit Fees 

275,000 

Audit-Related Fees 

15,000 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 

290,000 

- 40 - 

Table of Contents 

Audit Fees - This category includes the
audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that
are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements for those fiscal years. This
category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim
financial statements. 

Audit-Related Fees - This category consists
of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. The services for the fees
disclosed under this category would include consultation regarding correspondence with the SEC, other accounting consulting and other
audit services. 

Tax Fees - This category consists of professional
services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed
under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

All Other Fees - This category consists
of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

As part of its responsibility for oversight of the
independent registered public accountants, the Board has established a pre-approval policy for engaging audit and permitted non-audit
services provided by our independent registered public accountants. In accordance with this policy, each type of audit, audit-related,
tax and other permitted service to be provided by the independent auditors is specifically described and each such service, together with
a fee level or budgeted amount for such service, is pre-approved by the Board. All of the services provided by LJ Soldinger described
above were approved by our Board. 

The Company s principal accountant did not engage
any other persons or firms other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent employees. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

The consolidated financial statements and Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are listed in the Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules on page
F-1 and included on pages F-2 through F-36. 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable
accounting regulations of the SEC are either not required under the related instructions, are not applicable (and therefore have been
omitted), or the required disclosures are contained in the financial statements included herein. 

- 41 - 

Table of Contents 

(3) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 2.1 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated August 28, 2017, by and among the registrant, Steve Reinharz and Robotic Assistance Devices Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 31, 2017). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the registrant filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 8, 2014. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s transition report on Form 10-KT filed with the Commission on March 12, 2018). 

3.2 
 
 Plan and Agreement of Merger of Artificial Intelligence Technology Solutions Inc. (a Florida corporation) and Artificial Intelligence Technology Solutions Inc. (a Nevada corporation). (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s transition report on Form 10-KT filed with the Commission on March 12, 2018). 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-168530), filed with the Commission on August 4, 2010). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designations filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on February 8, 2017. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the registrant s transition report on Form 10-KT filed with the Commission on March 12, 2018). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on May 3, 2017. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the registrant s transition report on Form 10-KT filed with the Commission on March 12, 2018). 

3.6 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designations filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on May 3, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 12, 2017). 

10.1 
 
 Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated January 31, 2017 and entered into between the Company and Capital Venture Holdings LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s transition report on Form 10-KT filed with the Commission on March 12, 2018). 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-168530), filed with the Commission on August 4, 2010). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries . 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Form S-3 (333-259260) . 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Form S-1 (333-271031) . 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal executive officer . 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal financial and accounting officer . 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of principal executive officer . 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of principal financial and accounting officer . 

99.1 
 
 Insider Trading Policy . (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on May 28, 2021). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 __________ 

Filed or furnished herewith. 

- 42 - 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

Date: June 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Steven Reinharz 

Steven Reinharz 

President, Chief Executive Officer 

Date: June 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Anthony Brenz 

Anthony Brenz 

Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Steven Reinharz 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) 
 
 June 14, 2023 
 
 Steven Reinharz 

/s/ Anthony Brenz 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 June 14, 2023 
 
 Anthony Brenz 

- 43 - 

Table of Contents 

ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

 (FORMERLY ON THE MOVE SYSTEMS CORP.) 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F-1 

Index to Financial Statements 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Artificial Intelligence Technology Solutions, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Artificial
Intelligence Technology Solutions, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of February 28, 2023 and 2022, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two years ended February
28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 28, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two years ended February 28, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully explained in Note 1, which includes management s plans in regards
to this uncertainty, the Company had a net loss of approximately 18 million, an accumulated deficit of approximately 112 million and
stockholders deficit of approximately 32 million as of and for the year ended February 28, 2023, and therefore there is substantial
doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described
in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the
current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that
(1) relate to accounts or disclosures that material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

June 14, 2023 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

 PCAOB Audit ID: 

F-2 

Index to Financial Statements 

 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

February 28, 2023 
 
 February 28, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Device parts inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Total current assets 

Operating lease asset 

Revenue earning devices, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 

Fixed assets, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 

Trademarks 

Investment at cost 

Security deposit 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Advances payable- related party 

Customer deposits 

Current operating lease liability 

Current portion of deferred variable payment obligation 

Current portion of convertible notes payable, net of discount of and , respectively 

Loan payable - related party 

Incentive compensation plan payable 

Current portion of loans payable, net of discount of and 

Vehicle loan - current portion 

Current portion of accrued interest payable 

Derivative liability 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current operating lease liability 

Loans payable, net of discount of and , respectively 

Deferred variable payment obligation 

Accrued interest payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders' deficit: 

Preferred Stock, undesignated; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively 

Series G Convertible Preferred Stock. par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively 

Series E Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Series F Convertible Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized and shares issued, issuable and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Preferred stock to be issued 

Accumulated deficit 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Total stockholders' deficit 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F-3 

Index to Financial Statements 

 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
February 28, 2023 
 
 Year Ended 
February 28, 2022 

Revenues 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Gross Profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Operating lease cost and rent 

(Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets 

() 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 
 
 () 

Other income (expense), net: 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Interest expense 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Gain (loss) on settlement of debt 

() 
 
 Total other income (expense), net 

() 
 
 () 

Net Loss 

() 
 
 () 

Net loss per share - basic 

() 
 
 () 

Net loss per share - diluted 

() 
 
 () 

Weighted average common share outstanding - basic 

Weighted average common share outstanding - diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F-4 

Index to Financial Statements 

 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED FEBRUARY 28, 2023 AND FEBRUARY
28, 2022 

Series E 
 
 Series F 
 
 Series G 

Additional 

Total 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Paid-In 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Shareholders' 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Deficit 

Balance at February 28, 2021 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Cancellation of Series E Shares 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Series F Preferred Shares issued with amendment agreement 

Series F Preferred Shares Warrants issued with amendment agreement 

Series F Preferred Shares cancelled in exchange for promissory notes 

() 
 
 () 

() 

() 
 
 Series F preferred shares issued on exercise of warrants 

() 

Series F Preferred Shares converted to common shares 

() 
 
 () 

() 

Redemption of 19 Issuable Series F shares 

() 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Exchange of Series F Preferred Shares for debt 

() 
 
 () 

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of Series G preferred as equity awards per employment agreement 

Redemption of Series G shares as compensation payment 

() 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Adjustment to derivative liability 

Common stock issued for debt conversion 

Exercise of warrants 

() 

Exchange of debt for common shares 

Stock based compensation on issuable shares 

Issuance of shares, net of issuance costs 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

() 

Relative fair value of warrants issued with debt 

Warrants issued as part of debt 

Warrants as issuance cost 

Warrants as consideration for debt extensions 

Stock based compensation 

Net income 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Balance at February 28, 2022 

() 
 
 () 

F-5 

Index to Financial Statements 

Series E 
 
 Series F 
 
 Series G 

Additional 

Total 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Paid-In 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Shareholders' 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Deficit 

Balance at February 28, 2022 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Issuance of shares net of issuance costs 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

() 

Penalty shares issued pursuant to a share purchase agreement 

) 

Relative fair value of Series F warrants issued with debt 

Relative fair value of warrants issued with debt 

Fair value of warrants cancelled for debt issuance 

() 

() 
 
 Shares issued for services 

Cancelled shares 

() 
 
 () 

Stock based compensation - employee stock option plan 

Rounding 

() 

() 
 
 Net income 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Balance at February 28, 2023 

() 
 
 () 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F-6 

Index to Financial Statements 

 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 
February 28, 2023 
 
 Year Ended 
February 28, 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Inventory provision 

(Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets 

() 
 
 Bad debts expense 

Revenue earning device sold and expensed in cost of sales 

Reduction of right of use asset 

Accretion of lease liability 

Stock based compensation 

Interest expense related to the issuance of warrants for debt extensions 

Interest expense related to penalties from debt defaults 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Amortization of debt discounts 

(Gain) loss on settlement of debt 

() 

Increase (decrease) in related party accrued payroll and interest 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Deposit on right of use asset 

() 
 
 Device parts inventory 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 
 
 Accrued expense, related party 

() 
 
 Customer deposits 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Operating lease liability payments 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Balance owed WeSecure 

() 
 
 Current portion of deferred variable payment obligations for Payments 

Accrued interest payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 
 
 () 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of fixed assets 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Purchase of investment 

() 

Acquisition of trademarks 

() 
 
 Cash paid for security deposit 

() 
 
 Proceeds on disposal of fixed assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 
 
 () 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Share proceeds net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Repayment of convertible debt 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Proceeds from loans payable 

Repayment of loans payable 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Series G preferred shares redeemed as payment on incentive plan payable 

() 
 
 Dividend upon redemption of cancelled issuable Series F shares 

() 
 
 Net borrowings(repayments) on loan payable - related party 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

() 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash and non-cash transactions: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Right of use asset for lease liability 

Transfer from device parts inventory to fixed assets 

Conversion of convertible notes and interest to shares of common stock 

Release of derivative liability on conversion of convertible notes payable 

Derivative debt discount on revaluation of loan amendment 

Exchange of notes payable for Series F preferred shares 

Discount applied to face value of loans 

Warrants issued as part of debt issuance 

Exchange of warrants for debt 

Refund on abandoned trademarks 

Penalty shares pursuant to a share purchase agreement 

Exercise of warrants 

Series F preferred shares issued for debt 

Cancellation of Series E preferred shares 

Issuance of Series G preferred shares as payment on incentive plan payable 

Series F preferred shares converted to common shares 

Series F preferred shares issued on exercise of warrants 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F-7 

Index to Financial Statements 

 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

common shares to its sole shareholder. 

On August 28, 2017, AITX completed the acquisition
of RAD (the Acquisition ), whereby AITX acquired all the ownership and equity interest in RAD for shares of AITX
Series E Preferred Stock and shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock. AITX s prior business focus was transportation
services, and AITX was exploring the on-demand logistics market by developing a network of logistics partnerships. As a result of the
closing of the Acquisition, AITX has succeeded to the business of RAD, in which AITX purchased all of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of RAD. As a result, AITX s business going forward will consist of one segment activity which is the delivery of artificial
intelligence and robotic solutions for operational, security and monitoring needs. 

The Acquisition was treated as a reverse recapitalization
effected by a share exchange for financial accounting and reporting purposes since substantially all of AITX s operations were disposed
of as part of the consummation of the transaction. Therefore, no goodwill or other intangible assets were recorded by AITX as a result
of the Acquisition. RAD is treated as the accounting acquirer as its stockholders control the Company after the Acquisition, even though
AITX was the legal acquirer. As a result, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in these financial
statements are those of RAD as if RAD had always been the reporting company. 

GOING CONCERN 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications
of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern. 

For the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company
had negative cash flow from operating activities of . As of February 28, 2023 the Company has an accumulated deficit of 
and negative working capital of . Management does not anticipate having positive cash flow from operations in the near future.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the twelve months following
the issuance of these financial statements. 

The Company does not have the resources at this time
to repay all its credit and debt obligations, make any payments in the form of dividends to its shareholders or fully implement its business
plan. Without additional capital, the Company will not be able to remain in business. At the same time management points to its successful
history with maintaining Company operations and reminds all with reasonable confidence this will continue. Management has plans
to address the Company s financial situation as follows: 

Management is committed to raise either non-dilutive
funds or minimally dilutive funds. There is no assurance that these funds will be able to be raised nor can we provide assurance that
these possible raises may not have dilutive effects. In March 2023, the Company entered into an equity financing agreement whereby an
investor will purchase up to of the Company s common stock at a discount over a two-year period. In March
and April the Company reduced personnel that were working on far-future solutions as well as other department reductions. Combined with
other cost cutting measures management estimates it reduced the monthly expense burn by - with little impact on short
and medium term operations. Management believes that it has the necessary support to continue operations by continuing its funding methods
in the following ways : growing revenues ,equity proceeds and non-convertible debt. Management has had many recent conversations with
the Company s primary debt holder and believes that the non-convertible debt on the balance sheet will be extended. Management notes
that non-convertible debt on the books has been extended by this debt holder twice in the past and notes that this debt holder has been
a strong supporter of the Company. 

F-8 

Index to Financial Statements 

 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of loans
payable, or of these loans to companies controlled by one individual. At February 28, 2022 there were of
loans payable or of these loans to companies controlled by the same individual. 

and provided
as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively. For the year ended February 28, 2023 , two customers account for of total
accounts receivable . For the year ended February 28, 2022 , three customers account for of total accounts receivable. 

and , respectively. 

The Company periodically evaluates the fair value
of fixed assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Upon retirement
or other disposition of fixed assets, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain
or loss, if any, is recognized in income. 

deferred development costs. 

Does the agreement purport, in substance, to be a sale 

Does the Company have continuing involvement in the generation of cash flows due the investor 

Is the transaction cancellable by either party through payment of a lump sum or other transfer of assets 

Is the investors rate of return implicitly limited by the terms of the agreement 

Does the Company s revenue for a reporting period underlying the agreement have only a minimal impact on the investor s rate of return 

Does the investor have recourse relating to payments due 

In the event a transaction is determined to be a sale
of future revenues, it is recorded as deferred revenue and amortized using the sum-of-the-revenue method. In the event a transaction is
determined to be debt, it is recorded as debt and amortized using the effective interest method. As of the date of these financial statements,
the Company has determined that all such agreements are debt. 

of total revenue (2022- ). 

A corresponding offset has been made to the valuation allowance, and any potential other taxes arising due to the Tax Act
will result in reductions to the Company s net operating loss carryforward and valuation allowance. The Company will continue to
analyze the Tax Act to assess its full effects on the Company s financial results, including disclosures, for the Company s
fiscal year ending February 28, 2023, but the Company does not expect the Tax Act to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

If at its inception, a lease meets any of the four
lease criteria above, the lease is classified by the Company as a sales/finance; and if none of the four criteria are met, the lease is
classified by the Company as an operating lease. 

Operating lease payments are recognized as an expense
in the income statement on a straight-line basis over the lease term, whereby an equal amount of rent expense is attributed to each period
during the term of the lease, regardless of when actual payments are made. This generally results in rent expense in excess of cash payments
during the early years of a lease and rent expense less than cash payments in the later years. The difference between rent expense recognized
and actual rental payments is recorded as deferred rent and included in liabilities. 

Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 

Level 3 Inputs that are unobservable for the asset or liability. 

Measured on a Recurring Basis 

February 28, 2022 

Liabilities 

Incentive compensation plan payable revaluation of equity awards payable in Series G shares 

Derivative liability conversion features pursuant to convertible notes payable 

The carrying amounts of the Company s financial
assets and liabilities, such as cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and advances, accounts payable and accrued expenses, approximate
their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. 

Upon adoption of Topic 842, also referred to above
in Note 2, the Company accounts for revenue earned from rental activities where an identified asset is transferred to the customer and
the customer has the ability to control that asset for periods greater than one year. To date none of the lease agreements entered into
have been for periods longer than one year or greater, and the Company has availed itself of the practical expedient to exclude such leases
from ASC 84 2accountiong and instead has accounted for these leases under ASC 606. 

Direct sales of goods and services 

Revenues 

Liabilities 

Current 

Operating 
 
 Current Operating Lease Liability 

Noncurrent 

Operating 
 
 Noncurrent Operating Lease Liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

Note: As most of our leases do not provide an implicit
rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate of 10 which for the leases noted above was based on the information available at commencement
date in determining the present value of lease payments. We compare against loans we obtain to acquire physical assets and not loans we
obtain for financing. The loans we obtain for financing are generally at significantly higher rates and we believe that physical space
or vehicle rental agreements are in line with physical asset financing agreements. CAM charges were not included in operating lease expense
and were expensed in general and administrative expenses as incurred. 

Operating lease cost and rent was and 
for both the twelve months ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively. 

F-15 

Index to Financial Statements 

 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to acquire shares of a company s capital stock at a discount. 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

() 
 
 () 

During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company
made total additions to revenue earning devices of which was transferred from inventory. During the year ended February 28, 2022,
the Company made total additions to revenue earning devices of including in inventory transfers. During the year ended
February 28, 2022, the company disposed of a revenue earning device having a net book value of for revenues of and included
the in cost of goods sold. 

Depreciation expense for these devices was 
and for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively. 

Demo devices 

Tooling 

Machinery and equipment 

Computer equipment 

Office equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Warehouse equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

() 
 
 () 

During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company
made additions to fixed assets of and also additions through inventory transfers of . 

During the year ended February 28, 2022, the Company
made additions to fixed assets of , additions through inventory transfers of and the Company sold a vehicle having a net
book value of for fair value proceeds of and recorded a gain on disposal of fixed assets of . 

Depreciation expense was and for
the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively. 

F-16 

Index to Financial Statements 

 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

in exchange for a perpetual rate payment (Payments) on the Company s
reported quarterly revenue from operations excluding any gains or losses from financial instruments (Revenues). At the
investor has advanced the full 900,000. 

On May 9, 2019 the Company entered into two similar
arrangements with two investors: 

(1) 
 The investor would pay up to in exchange for a perpetual rate Payment on the Company s reported quarterly Revenues. At February 29, 2020, has been paid to the Company. 

(2) 
 The investor would pay up to in exchange for a perpetual rate Payment on the Company s reported quarterly Revenues. At February 29, 2020, has been paid to the Company. 

In the event that at least 10 of the assets of the
Company are sold by the Company, the investors would be entitled to the fair market value (FMV) of all future Payments associated with
the assets sold as determined by an independent valuator to be chosen by the investors. The FMV cannot exceed 30 of the total asset disposition
price defined as the total price paid for the assets plus all future Payments associated with the assets sold. In the event that the common
or preferred shares are sold by the Company to a third party as to effect a change in control, then the investors must be paid the FMV
of all future Payments in one lump payment. 

On November 18, 2019 the Company entered into another
similar arrangement with the (February 1, 2019) investor above whereby the investor would advance up to in exchange for a perpetual
 rate Payment on the Company s quarterly Revenues (commencing on quarter ending May 31, 2020). At February 29, 2020 the investor
has advanced and the investor advanced the remainder as of May 2020. 

On December 30, 2019 the Company entered into another
similar arrangement with a new investor whereby the investor would advance up to in exchange for a perpetual rate Payment
on the Company s quarterly Revenues (commencing quarter ended November 30, 2020). At February 29, 2020 the investor has advanced
 50,000 with the remainder to be advanced no later than June 30, 2020. If the total investor advances turns out to be less than 100,000,
this would not constitute a breach of the agreement, rather the 1.00 rate would be adjusted on a pro-rata basis. 

On April 22, 2020 the Company entered into another
similar arrangement with the (first May 9, 2019) investor above whereby the investor would advance up to in exchange for
a perpetual rate Payment on the Company s quarterly Revenues. At May 31, 2020 the investor has fully funded this commitment. 

On July 1, 2020 the Company entered into a similar
agreement with the first investor whereby the investor would pay up to in exchange for a perpetual rate payment (Payment)
on the Company s reported quarterly revenue. These Payments are to be made 90 days after the fiscal quarter with the first payment
being due no later than May 31, 2021. 

On August 27, 2020 the Company and the first investor
referred to above consolidated the three separate agreements of February 1, 2019 for 900,000, November 18, 2019 for 225,000 and July
1, 2020 for 800,000 into a new agreement for a total of . This new agreement is for similar terms as the above agreements
save for the following: the rate payment is revised to payable on revenues commencing the quarter ended August 31, 2020 and
the Payments are secured by the assets of the Company. This interest may be secured by UCC filing but is subordinated to equipment
financing on the products the Company leases to its customers. 

In summary of all agreements mentioned above if in
the event that at least of the assets of the Company are sold by the Company, the investors would be entitled to the fair market value
(FMV) of all future Payments associated with the assets sold as determined by an independent valuator to be chosen by the investors. The
FMV cannot exceed 43.77 of the total asset disposition price defined as the total price paid for the assets plus all future Payments
associated with the assets sold. In the event that the common or preferred shares are sold by the Company to a third party as to effect
a change in control, then the investors must be paid the FMV of all future Payments in one lump payment. 

The Payments will first become payable on June 30,
2019 (unless otherwise indicated) based on the quarterly Revenues for the quarter ended May 31, 2019 and will accrue every quarter thereafter.
As of February 28, 2023, the Company has accrued approximately 542,1777 in Payments, of which 325,600 is in arrears. As of February
28, 2022, the Company has accrued approximately 325,600 in Payments, of which 90,300 is in arrears. No notices have been received by
the Company. 

On March 1, 2021 the first investor referred to above whose aggregate investment
is revised his agreements as follows: 

1) 
 The rate payment was reduced from to 

2) 
 The asset disposition (see below) was reduced from to 

In consideration for the above changes, the investor
received 40 Series F Convertible Preferred Stock and a warrant to purchase shares of its Series F Convertible Preferred Stock with
a five-year term and an exercise price of . During the three months ended May 31, 2021 the warrant holder exercised warrants to acquire
 shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock. The company attributed a fair value based on recent transactions for the Series F Preferred
stock and warrants of and recorded a loss on settlement of debt with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital. 

The Company retains total involvement in the generation
of cash flows from these revenue streams that form the basis of the payments to be made to the investors under this agreement. Because
of this, the Company has determined that the agreements constitute debt agreements. As of February 28, 2023, and February 28, 2022, the
long-term balances other than Payments already owed is the cash received of and , respectively. 

For both the years ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the Company has received related to the deferred payment obligation as the balance remains at both February 28,
2023 and February 28, 2022. 

8 
 
 (1) 

12 
 
 (2) 

(Less): current portion of convertible notes payable 

() 
 
 (Less): discount on noncurrent convertible notes payable 

Noncurrent convertible notes payable, net of discount 

Current portion of convertible notes payable 

(Less): discount on current portion of convertible notes payable 

Current portion of convertible notes payable, net of discount 

(1) 

(2) 

During the years ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the Company incurred original issue discounts of and , respectively, and debt discounts (and relative fair value debt
discounts) from derivative liabilities of and , respectively, related to both new and re-valued convertible notes payable.
These amounts are included in discounts on convertible notes payable and are being amortized to interest expense over the life of the
convertible notes payable. During the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, the Company recognized interest expense related
to the amortization of debt discount of and , respectively. 

All the notes above are unsecured. As of February
28, 2023, the Company had total accrued interest payable of , all of which is classified as current. As of February 28, 2022, the
Company had total accrued interest payable of , all of which is classified as current. See description below for details of the
convertible notes issued during the years ended February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021. 

Convertible notes issued 

During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company
had the following convertible note activity: 

The Company determined that the embedded conversion
features which result in a variable conversion rate, in the convertibles notes described below should be accounted for as derivative liabilities
as a result of their variable conversion rates. 

During the year ended February 28, 2022, the Company
had the following convertible note activity: 

F-19 

Index to Financial Statements 

 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively, to its loan payable-related party. At February 28, 2023,
the loan payable-related party was and at February 28, 2022. As of February 28, 2023, included in the balance due to
the related party is of deferred salary all of which bears interest at . At February 28, 2023 there was of deferred
salary with bearing interest at . The accrued interest included at February 28, 2023 was (2022- ). 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 pursuant to
the amended Employment Agreement with its Chief Executive Officer the Company accrued as incentive compensation plan payable
with a corresponding recognition of stock based compensation due to the expectation of additional awards being met. At February 28, 2023,
the balance of incentive compensation plan payable was (2022- ). This will be payable in Series G Preferred Shares which
are redeemable at the Company s option at per share. 

During the year ended February 28, 2022, pursuant
to the amended Employment Agreement with its Chief Executive Officer, the Company issued shares of Series G Preferred Shares which
are redeemable at the Company s option at per share and recorded of stock based compensation. The Company redeemed
these shares for and accrued as incentive compensation plan payable with a corresponding recognition of stock based
compensation due to the expectation of additional awards being met. 

During the years ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the Company was charged and , respectively in consulting fees for research and development to a company
partially owned by a principal shareholder. The principal shareholder received no compensation from this partially owned research and
development company and the fees were spent on core development projects. 

secured by the vehicle. The loan is repayable over 5 years maturing November 9, 2021, and repayable per month including
interest and principal. In November 2017, RAD entered into another vehicle loan secured by the vehicle for . The loan is repayable
over 5 years, maturing and repayable at per month including interest and principal. The principal repayments made
were 0 for both the year ended February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021. Regarding the second vehicle loan, the vehicle was returned at
the end of fiscal 2019 and the car was subsequently sold by the lender for proceeds of which went to reduce the outstanding balance
of the loan. A loss of was recorded as well. A balance of remains on this vehicle loan at both February 28, 2023 and February
29, 2022. For the first vehicle loan, the vehicle was retired in 2020, the proceeds of the disposal of was applied against the
balance of the loan with a gain on the remaining asset value of . A balance of remains on this vehicle loan at both
February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022. The remaining total balances of the amounts owed on the vehicle loans were and 
as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively, of which all were classified as current. 

F-20 

Index to Financial Statements 

 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 18, 2017 
 
 Promissory note 
 (35) 

June 11, 2019 
 
 Promissory note 
 (2) (#) 

June 30, 2019 
 
 Promissory note 
 (1) (#) 

June 30, 2019 
 
 Promissory note 
 (3) (#) 

June 30, 2019 
 
 Promissory note 
 (4) (#) 

June 26, 2020 
 
 Promissory note 
 (5) (#) 

June 24, 2020 
 
 Promissory note 
 (6) (#) 

January 30, 2021 
 
 Promissory note 
 (7) (#) 

February 27, 2021 
 
 Promissory note 
 (8) (#) 

April 16, 2021 
 
 Promissory note 
 (9) (#) 

May 12, 2021 
 
 Promissory note 
 (11) (#) 

May 22, 2021 
 
 Promissory note 
 (12) (#) 

June 2, 2021 
 
 Promissory note 
 (13) (#) 

June 9, 2021 
 
 Promissory note 
 (14) (#) 

June 12, 2021 
 
 Promissory note 
 (15) (#) 

June 16, 2021 
 
 Promissory note 
 (16) (#) 

September 15, 2022 
 
 Promissory note 
 (17) (#) 

March 6, 2023 
 
 Promissory note 
 (18) (#) 

November 12, 2023 
 
 Promissory note 
 (19) (#) 

October 23, 2022 
 
 Promissory note 
 (20) (#) 

November 23, 2023 
 
 Promissory note 
 (21) (#) 

December 10, 2023 
 
 Promissory note 
 (22) (#) 

December 10, 2023 
 
 Promissory note 
 (23) 

December 10, 2023 
 
 Promissory note 
 (24) 

December 10, 2023 
 
 Promissory note 
 (25) 

December 14, 2023 
 
 Promissory note 
 (26) 

December 30, 2023 
 
 Promissory note 
 (27) 

December 31, 2024 
 
 Promissory note 
 (28) 

December 31, 2024 
 
 Promissory note 
 (29) 

January 14, 2024 
 
 Promissory note 
 (30) 

February 22, 2024 
 
 Promissory note 
 (31) 

March 1, 2024 
 
 Promissory note 
 (10) 

June 8, 2024 
 
 Promissory note 
 (32) 

July 26, 2026 
 
 Promissory note 
 (33) 

September 14, 2024 
 
 Promissory note 
 (34) 

July 28, 2023 
 
 Promissory note 
 (36) 

August 30,2024 
 
 Promissory note 
 (38) 

September 7, 2023 
 
 Promissory note 
 (37) 

September 8, 2023 
 
 Promissory note 
 (39) 

October 13, 2023 
 
 Promissory note 
 (40) 

October 31, 2026 
 
 Promissory note 
 (41) 

October 31, 2026 
 
 Promissory note 
 (41) 

October 31, 2026 
 
 Promissory note 
 (41) 

October 31, 2026 
 
 Promissory note 
 (41) 

October 31,2026 
 
 Promissory note 
 (41) 

October 31,2026 
 
 Promissory note 
 (41) 

Less: current portion of loans payable 

() 

Less: discount on non-current loans payable 

() 

Non-current loans payable, net of discount 

Current portion of loans payable 

Less: discount on current portion of loans payable 

() 

Current portion of loans payable, net of discount 

(#) 
 along with associated accrued interest of totaling were paid in March 2022, with a remaining accrued liability of . 

(1) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes original issue discount of at issuance. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(2) 
 monthly instalments of commencing August 11, 2018 and secured by revenue earning devices having a net book value of at least . The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(3) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes original issue discount of at issuance. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(4) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes original issue discount of at issuance. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(5) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes original issue discount of at issuance. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(6) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of at issuance. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(7) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of at issuance. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(8) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of at issuance. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(9) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of at issuance. The loan and accrued interest were paid in March 2022. 

(10) 
 were received. The note balance of includes an original issue discount of and was issued with a warrant to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share with a 3 -year term and having a relative fair value of using Black-Scholes with assumptions described in note 13. The discounts are being amortized over the term of the loan. After allocating these charges to debt and equity according to their respective values, a debt discount of with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital for the relative value of the warrant. For both the years ended February 28, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. The maturity was extended from March 1, 2022 to March 1, 2024 on February 28, 2022 in exchange for warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of and a 3 year term. These warrants have a fair value of recorded as interest expense with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital recorded in the year ended February 28, 2022. 

(11) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of at issuance. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(12) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of at issuance. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(13) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of at issuance. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(14) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of at issuance. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(15) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of at issuance. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(16) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of at issuance. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(17) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of . Interest payable monthly, principal due at maturity. Secured by a general security charging all of RAD s present and after-acquired property. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(18) 
 and interest repayable in 28 monthly instalments commencing December 6, 2020, the first 6 months at per month, the remaining 22 payments at per month. Secured by revenue earning devices. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(19) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of and was issued with a warrant to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share, with a 3 -year term and having a relative fair value of . The discounts are being amortized over the term of the loan. After allocating these charges to debt and equity according to their respective values, a debt discount of with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(20) 
 and interest repayable in 21 monthly instalments of commencing February 23, 2021. Secured by revenue earning devices. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(21) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of and was issued with a warrant to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share with a 3 -year term and having a relative fair value of . The discounts are being amortized over the term of the loan. After allocating these charges to debt and equity according to their respective values, a debt discount of with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital for the relative value of the warrant. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(22) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of and was issued with a warrant to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share with a 3 -year term and having a relative fair value of . The discounts are being amortized over the term of the loan. After allocating these charges to debt and equity according to their respective values, a debt discount of with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital for the relative value of the warrant. The loan and accrued interest were fully paid in March 2022. 

(23) 
 in convertible notes and associated accrued interest of totaling was exchanged for this promissory note of , and a warrant to purchase 450,000,000 shares at an exercise price of per share and a three-year maturity having a relative fair value of . This note is secured by a general security charging all of the Company s present and after-acquired property. 

(24) 
 in convertible notes and associated accrued interest of totaling was exchanged for this promissory note of , and a warrant to purchase 250,000,000 shares at an exercise price of .002 per share and a three-year maturity having a relative fair value of . This note is secured by a general security charging all of the Company s present and after-acquired property. 

(25) 
 in convertible notes and associated accrued interest of totaling was exchanged for this promissory note of , and a warrant to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share and a three-year maturity having a fair value of . 

(26) 
 in convertible notes and associated accrued interest of totaling was exchanged for this promissory note of , and a warrant to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share and a three-year maturity having a fair value of . 

(27) 
 , may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of and was issued with a warrant to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share with a 3 -year term and having a relative fair value of . The discounts are being amortized over the term of the loan. After allocating these charges to debt and equity according to their respective values, a debt discount of with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital for the relative fair value of the warrant. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of , with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. 

(28) 
 in convertible notes and associated accrued interest of totaling was exchanged for this promissory note of . This note is secured by a general security charging all of the Company s present and after-acquired property. 

(29) 
 in convertible notes and associated accrued interest of totaling was exchanged for this promissory note of . This note is secured by a general security charging all of the Company s present and after-acquired property. 

(30) 
 , may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of and was issued with a warrant to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share with a 3 -year term and having a relative fair value of . The discounts are being amortized over the term of the loan. After allocating these charges to debt and equity according to their respective values, a debt discount of with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of , respectively, with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. 

(31) 
 , may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of and was issued with a warrant to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share with a 3 -year term and having a relative fair value of . The discount and warrant are being amortized over the term of the loan. After allocating these charges to debt and equity according to their respective values, a debt discount of with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital for the relative fair value of the warrant. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of , with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. The maturity date was extended from February 22, 2022 to February 22, 2024 on February 28, 2022 in exchange for warrants to purchase at an exercise price of and a 3 year term. These warrants have a fair value of recorded as interest expense with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital recorded in the year ended February 28, 2022. 

(32) 
 , may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of and was issued with a warrant to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share with a 3 -year term and having a relative fair value of . The discounts are being amortized over the term of the loan. After allocating these charges to debt and equity according to their respective values, a debt discount of with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of , with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. The maturity date was extended from June 8, 2022 to June 8, 2024 on February 28, 2022 in exchange for warrants to purchase at an exercise price of and a 3 year term. These warrants have a fair value of recorded as interest expense with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital recorded in the year ended February 28, 2022. 

(33) 
 , was in exchange for 184 Series F preferred shares from a former director. The interest and principal are payable at maturity. The loan is unsecured. For the year ended February 28, 2023 there was repayments on the note. 

(34) 
 , may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of and was issued with a warrant to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share with a 3 -year term and having a relative fair value of , The discounts are being amortized over the term of the loan. After allocating these charges to debt and equity according to their respective values, a debt discount of with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of , with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. 

(35) 

(36) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of . Principal and interest due at maturity. Secured by a general security charging all of RAD s present and after-acquired property. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of , with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. 

(37) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of . Principal and interest due at maturity. Secured by a general security charging all of RAD s present and after-acquired property. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. 

(38) 
 warrants for a promissory note of , bearing interest at with a two year maturity. The fair value of the warrants was determined to be with a corresponding adjustment to paid-in capital and a debt discount of which will be amortized over the term of the loan. Principal and interest due at maturity. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of , with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. 

(39) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of . Principal and interest due at maturity. Secured by a general security charging all of RAD s present and after-acquired property. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. 

(40) 
 note may be pre-payable at any time. The note balance includes an original issue discount of . Principal and interest due at maturity. Secured by a general security charging all of the Company s s present and after-acquired property. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. 

(41) 
 
 including an original issue discount of 500,000. In exchange the Company will issue one series
 F Preferred Share, extended 329 series F warrants with a March 1, 2026 maturity to a new October 31, 2033 maturity, and issue up to 10
 tranches with each trance of 400,000, with cash proceeds of 350,000 an original issue discount of 50,000, October 31, 2026 maturity,
 and 61 Series F warrants with a October 31, 2033 maturity. Secured by a general security charging all of the Company s present and
 after-acquired property. At November 30, 2022 the Company has issued 6 tranches as follows: 
 
 October 28, 2022, loan, original issue discount
 of , 61 Series F Preferred Share warrants and 1 Series F Preferred Share having a relative fair value of 299,399. For the year
 ended February 28, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of with an unamortized discount of at February 28,
 2023. 
 
 November 9, 2022, loan, original issue discount
 of , 61 Series F Preferred Share warrants e having a relative fair value of 299,750. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the
 Company recorded amortization expense of with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. 
 
 November 10, 2022, loan, original issue discount
 of , 61 Series F Preferred Share warrants e having a relative fair value of 302,020. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the
 Company recorded amortization expense of with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. 
 
 November 15, 2022, loan, original issue discount
 of , 61 Series F Preferred Share warrants e having a relative fair value of 299,959. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the
 Company recorded amortization expense of with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. 
 
 January 11, 2023, loan, original issue discount
 of , 61 Series F Preferred Share warrants e having a relative fair value of 299,959. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the
 Company recorded amortization expense of with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. 
 
 February 6, 2023, loan, original issue discount
 of , 61 Series F Preferred Share warrants e having a relative fair value of 299,959. For the year ended February 28, 2023, the
 Company recorded amortization expense of with an unamortized discount of at February 28, 2023. 

F-25 

Index to Financial Statements 

 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, and , respectively. For the year ended February 28,
2023, the Company recorded a change in fair value of derivative liabilities of and , respectively and a gain on settlement of
debt (with a corresponding adjustment to derivative liabilities) of and , respectively. For the year ended February 28, 2022,
the Company recorded a change in fair value of derivative liabilities of and a gain on settlement of debt (with a corresponding
adjustment to derivative liabilities) of , respectively. 

shares of par value preferred stock. The board of directors is authorized to designate any series of
preferred stock up to the total authorized number of shares. 

Series E Preferred Stock 

The board of directors has designated shares
of Series E Preferred Stock. As of the date of this report, there are shares of Series E Preferred Stock outstanding. The Series
E Preferred Stock ranks subordinate to the Company s common stock as to distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation. The Series E preferred stock is non-redeemable, does not have rights upon liquidation of the Company and
does not receive dividends. The outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock have the right to take action by written consent or vote
based on the number of votes equal to twice the number of votes of all outstanding shares of equity instruments with voting rights. As
a result, the holder of Series E Preferred Stock has 2/3rds of the voting power of all shareholders at any time corporate action requires
a vote of shareholders. 

Series F Convertible Preferred Stock 

The board of directors has designated shares
of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock with a par value of per share. As of the date of this report, there are shares of
Series F Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. The Series F Convertible Preferred Stock is non-redeemable, does not have rights upon
liquidation of the Company, does not have voting rights and does not receive dividends. Each holder may, at any time and from time to
time convert all, but not less than all, of their shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock into a number of fully paid and nonassessable
shares of common stock determined by multiplying the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company on the date
of conversion by three and 45 100ths (3.45) on a pro rata basis. So long as any shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding,
the Company shall not, without first obtaining the approval of the majority of the holders: (a) alter or change the rights, preferences
or privileges of any capital stock of the Company so as to affect adversely the Series F convertible preferred stock; (b) create
any Senior Securities; (c) create any pari passu Securities; (d) do any act or thing not authorized or contemplated by the Certificate
of Designation which would result in any taxation with respect to the Series F Convertible Preferred Stock under Section 305 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any comparable provision of the Internal Revenue Code as hereafter from time to time amended,
(or otherwise suffer to exist any such taxation as a result thereof). 

Series G Preferred Stock 

The board of directors has designated shares
of Series G Preferred Stock. As of the date of this report, there are no shares of Series G Preferred Stock outstanding. The series G
shares are redeemable at per share The Series G preferred stock does not have voting rights, does not have rights upon liquidation
of the Company and does not receive dividends. 

Summary of Preferred Stock Activity 

Series E Preferred Stock 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 there was
no Series E share activity. 

During the year ended February 28, 2022 Series E shareholders
had the following activity: 

A shareholder cancelled Class E shares. The company recorded an adjustment to paid in capital. 

Series F Preferred Shares 

Each holder of Series F Convertible Preferred Shares
may, at any time and from time to time convert all, but not less than all, of their shares into a number of fully paid and nonassessable
shares of common stock determined by multiplying the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company on the date
of conversion by three and 45 100ths (3.45) on a pro rata basis. 

On August 23, 2021, the Company filed amended Series
F preferred shares such that Series F preferred shares are not convertible into common stock by a holder until (A) August 23, 2023 or
(B) the date on which such a conversion may be required for the purpose of (i) uplisting the Company to a new stock exchange, or (ii)
selling more than 50 of the Company s assets. 

Summary or Preferred Stock Activity 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 Series F shareholders
had the following activity: 

Series F Preferred Share and a total of Series F Preferred Stock Warrants issued along with debt to a lender. 

During the year ended February 28, 2022 Series F shareholders
had the following activity: 

Series F Preferred Shares and a warrant to purchase Series F Preferred Shares with a five-year term and an exercise price of were issued to an investor in exchange for amending their deferred variable payment obligation agreement. The company attributed a fair value based on recent transactions for the Series F Preferred stock and warrants of and recorded a loss on settlement of debt with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital. 

The warrant holder exercised the warrant in part to acquire Series F Preferred Shares. 

The shareholder above converted Series F Preferred Shares into 316,345,908 common shares. 

Unissued Series F Preferred Stock 

At both February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 there
remains 46 issuable Series F preferred stock at a value of 99,086. 

During the year ending February 28, 2022 the Company
redeemed (through cancellation) 

Summary of Preferred Stock Warrant Activity 

11.50 
 
 Issued 

10.00 
 
 Exercised 

Forfeited and cancelled 

Outstanding at February 28, 2023 

10.00 

Series G Preferred Stock 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 there was
no Series G share activity. 

During the year ending February 28, 2022 Series G
shareholders had the following activity: 

The Company has accrued of the equity awards and incentive compensation plan payable with the balance of 479,500 at February 28, 2022 after the 1,500,000 payment above. 

Summary of Common Stock Activity 

The Company increased authorized common shares from
 to on July 8, 2022 and again increased authorized common shares from to on March
19, 2023. 

Summary of Common Stock Activity 

During the year ended, February 28, 2023, common shareholders
had the following activity: 

the Company issued common shares with gross proceeds of and net proceeds of after issuance costs of . 

the Company issued common shares as penalty to an investor pursuant to a share purchase agreement. 

the Company issued 45,306,557 shares through the cashless exercise of 108,378,210 warrants. 

the Company cancelled shares as a result of an SEC enforcement action against a lender and issued shares for as payment for services. 

During the year ending February 28, 2022, common shareholders
had the following activity: 

A Series F Preferred shareholder converted Series F Preferred Shares for common shares. 

holders of certain convertible notes payable elected to convert a total of of principal and accrued interest, and of fees into shares of common stock. 

in June 2021, lenders exchanged debt having a face value of and a net book value of for common shares having a fair value of . A gain on settlement of debt of was recorded. 

the Company entered into an investor relations contract whereby shares are issuable as of February 28, 2022. Stock based compensation of was recorded in the period ended February 28, 2022. 

the Company issued common shares with gross proceeds of and cash proceeds of after issuance costs of 

warrant holders exercised warrants to acquire shares on a cashless basis for common shares with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital. 

Issuable 

Issued, issuable and outstanding 

2.81 
 
 Issued 

2.47 
 
 Exercised 
 
 ) 

1.70 
 
 Forfeited and cancelled 
 
 ) 

Outstanding at February 28, 2022 

2.38 
 
 Adjusted (1) 

1.41 
 
 Issued 

4.69 
 
 Exercised 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 2.44 
 
 Forfeited and cancelled 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 1.33 
 
 Outstanding at February 28, 2023 

1.95 
 
 __________ 

(1) 

For the years ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the Company recorded a total of and , respectively on stock-based payments for warrants with a corresponding adjustment
to additional paid-in capital. 

For the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 the
Company recorded a total of and respectively, to stock-based compensation for options, and shares with a
corresponding adjustment to additional paid-in capital. In addition the Company recorded other stock based compensation of 
and , respectively with a corresponding adjustment to incentive compensation plan payable, payable in Series G Preferred
shares which have not yet been issued. 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 warrant holders
had the following activity: 

On August 30, 2022 a warrant holder exchanged warrants for a promissory note of , bearing interest at with a two year maturity. The fair value of the warrants was determined to be with a corresponding adjustment to paid-in capital and a debt discount of which will be amortized over the term of the loan. 

On August 9, 2022 as part of a debt issuance the Company issued two warrants at an exercise price of and per share, respectively both with a -year term and with a total relative fair value of all using a Monte Carlo simulation to include reset events, exercise at maturity, and cashless exercise features with assumptions described below: 

- 
 
 Fair value of Company s common stock 

Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Risk free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 
 5.00 

Cashless exercise of 108,378,210 warrants for 45,306,557 common shares 

During the year ended February 28, 2022 warrant holders
had the following activity: 

warrant holders exercised warrants to acquire shares on a cashless basis for 395,022,447 common shares with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital. 

in conjunction with debt disclosed in Note 11 (44), all using the Black-Scholes model with assumptions described below: 

- 
 
 Fair value of Company s common stock 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Risk free interest rate 
 - 
 
 Expected term (years) 
 3.00 

in conjunction with debt extensions on notes payable disclosed in Note 12 (10, 43, 44), the Company issued warrants to a lender to purchase a total shares at an exercise price of per share with a -year term and having an aggregate fair value of , recorded as interest with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital all using the Black-Scholes model with assumptions described below: 

Strike price 

Fair value of Company s common stock 

Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 
 3.00 

As share issuance costs to a broker the company issued warrants to acquire a total of shares with a fair value of recorded against share proceeds with a corresponding adjustment to paid in capital all using the Black-Scholes model with assumptions described below: 

Strike price 
 - 
 
 Fair value of Company s common stock 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Risk free interest rate 
 - 
 
 Expected term (years) 
 3.00 

Summary of Common Stock Option Activity 

Summary of CEO Compensation Grant 

On April 9, 2021 the Company entered into an Employment
Agreement with Chief Executive Officer, Steven Reinharz with a three- year term under the following terms whereby stock option awards
will be granted if certain conditions are met: 

A stock option award (option 1) will be granted to the employee to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share if the trading share price of the Company reaches an average of per share for ten days over a 30 day trading period. 

A stock option award (option 2) will be granted to the employee to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share if the trading share price of the Company reaches an average of per share for ten days over a 30 day trading period. 

Objective #3 : 
 Sales in any fiscal quarter exceed the total sales in fiscal year 2021 for the first time. 

Award #3 : 
 Five hundred (500) shares of Series G preferred stock. 

Objective #4 : 
 One hundred fifty (150) devices are deployed in the marketplace. 

Award #4 : 
 Two hundred fifty (250) shares of Series G preferred stock. 

Objective #5 : 
 Year-to-date sales at any point in fiscal year 2022 exceed One Million Dollars 1,000,000). 

Award #5 : 
 Two hundred fifty (250) shares of Series G preferred stock. 

Objective #6 : 
 The price per share of common stock has increased to and maintains a price of Ten Cents 0.10) or more for ten (10) days in a thirty (30) day period. 

Award #6 : 
 Two hundred fifty (250) shares of Series G preferred stock. 

Objective #7 : 
 The price per share of common stock has increased to and maintains a price of Twenty Cents 0.20) or more for ten (10) days in a thirty (30) day period. 

Award #7 : 
 Five hundred (500) shares of Series G preferred stock. 

Objective #8 : 
 The RAD 3.0 products are launched into the marketplace by November 30, 2021. 

Award #8 : 
 Five hundred (500) shares of Series G preferred stock. 

Objective #9 : 
 RAD receives an order for fifty (50) units from a single customer. 

Award #9 : 
 Five hundred (500) shares of Series G preferred stock. 

The fair value of the first two awards was obtained
through the use of the Monte Carlo method was with a charge to stock- based compensation and a corresponding charge to paid in
capital. The fair value of the remaining rewards was determined by calculating the vesting amounts of each reward and then determining
for each reporting period the requisite service rendered and applying that against the cash redemption value of the number of shares of
Series G issuable for each tier in the agreement. For the period ended February 28, 2023 that amount totaled with a charge to
stock-based compensation and a corresponding charge to incentive compensation plan payable. For the period ended February 28, 2022 that
amount totaled with a charge to stock-based compensation and a corresponding charge to incentive compensation plan payable.
With the achievement of objectives 3,4,5 and 8 of the equity awards described above the CEO was granted Series G Preferred shares
which were redeemed in the reporting period for in cash. As part of the grant, the Company is responsible for grossing up the
award value and has accrued additional compensation for the estimated taxes to be paid by the executive. 

On April 14, 2021, the Shareholders of Series E Preferred
Stock and the Board of Directors of our Company Board approved and adopted the 2021 Incentive Stock Plan (the 2021
Plan ). On August 11, 2022 

The purpose of the 2021 Plan is to promote the success
of the Company by authorizing incentive awards to retain Directors, executives, selected Employees and Consultants, and reward participants
for making major contributions to the success of the Company. The 2021 Plan authorizes the granting of stock options, restricted stock,
restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights and stock awards. A total of one hundred million (100,000,000) shares of common stock
may be issued under the 2021 Plan. All awards under the 2021 Plan, whether vested or unvested, are subject to the terms of any recoupment,
clawback or similar policy of the Company in effect from time to time, as well as any similar provisions of applicable law, which could
in certain circumstances require repayment or forfeiture of awards or any shares of stock or other cash or property received with respect
to the awards, including any value received from a disposition of the shares acquired upon payment of the awards. The 2021 Plan will be
administered by the Board or any Committee authorized by the Board, if applicable, which will have the sole authority to, among other
things: construe and interpret the 2021 Plan; make rules and regulations relating to the administration of the 2021 Plan; select participants;
and establish the terms and conditions of awards, all in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan will remain in effect
until April 14, 2031, unless sooner terminated by the Board. Termination will not affect awards then outstanding. 

During the year ended February 28, 2023 the Company
had the following common stock option activity: 

On September 1, 2022, using the Black-Scholes model with assumptions described below: 

Fair value of Company s common stock 

Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 
 4.50 

The Company recorded in stock-based compensation
which represents the current expense over the vesting period. 

Options to purchase shares were forfeited due to employee terminations 

During the year ended February 28, 2022 the Company
had no common stock option activity: 

Issued 

4.75 
 
 Exercised 

Forfeited, extinguished and cancelled 
 
 () 

(4.75) 
 
 Outstanding at November 30, 2022 

4.75 

per month. The Company paid a security deposit of . 

On March 10, 2021, per month. The base rent increase by 3 per annum commencing May 1, 2024. The Company
paid a security deposit of . 

On September 30, 2021, 

On January 28, 2022, with a minimum base rent of per month. The Company paid a security deposit of . 

and for the years ended February 28, 023 and February 28, 2022, respectively. 

Maturity of Lease Liabilities 
 Operating 
Leases 

February 28, 2024 

February 28, 2025 

February 28, 2026 

February 28, 2027 

February 28, 2028 

February 28, 2029 and after 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 
 
 () 
 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

() 

Effect of common stock equivalents 

Add: interest expense on convertible debt 

Add (less) loss (gain) on change of derivative liabilities 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Net income (loss) adjusted for common stock equivalents 

() 
 
 () 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares - basic 

Net income (loss) per share basic 

() 
 
 () 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares diluted 

Net income (loss) per share diluted 

() 
 
 () 

Convertible Class F Preferred Shares 

Stock options and warrants 

Total 

__________ 

F-33 

Index to Financial Statements 

 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects
of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for
income tax purposes. 

State income tax benefit, net of federal benefit 

() 
 
 Non deductible interest 

Non deductible stock based compensation 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total 

February 28, 2022 

Federal statutory rate 

() 
 
 State income tax benefit, net of federal benefit 

() 
 
 Non deductible interest 

Non deductible settlement losses 

Non deductible stock based compensation 

Non deductible changes in fair value of instruments 

() 
 
 Other non deductible expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total 

For the year ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022, the expected tax benefit, temporary timing differences and long-term timing differences are calculated at the statutory
rate. 

Debt discount 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 

Deferred revenue 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets: 

Less valuation allowance 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

The Company has incurred losses since inception, therefore,
the Company has no federal tax liability. Additionally there are limitations imposed by certain transactions which are deemed to
be ownership changes which occurred in the Company on August 28, 2017. The net deferred tax asset generated by the loss carryforward
has been fully reserved. The cumulative net operating loss carryforward was approximately at February 28, 2023 and 
at February 28, 2022, that is available for carryforward for federal income tax purposes and begin to expire in . 

Although the Company has tax loss carry-forwards,
there is uncertainty as to utilization prior to their expiration. Accordingly, the future income tax asset amounts have been fully
reserved by a valuation allowance. 

The Company has maintained a full valuation allowance
against its deferred tax assets at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022. A valuation allowance is required to be recorded when it is
more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized. Since the Company cannot be assured
of realizing the net deferred tax asset, a full valuation allowance has been provided. 

The Company does not have any uncertain tax positions
at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 that would affect its effective tax rate. The Company does not anticipate a significant change
in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits over the next twelve months. Because the Company is in a loss carryforward position, the Company
is generally subject to US federal and state income tax examinations by tax authorities for all years for which a loss carryforward is
available. If and when applicable, the Company will recognize interest and penalties as part of income tax expense. 

The Company s tax returns for the years ended
February 28, 2022, and February 28, 2021, and February 29, 2020 are open for examination under Federal statute of limitations. 

F-35 

Index to Financial Statements 

 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

common
shares pursuant to a share purchase agreement for gross proceeds of , issuance costs of and cash proceeds of . 

on March 19 ,2023 the shareholders
approved an increase to its authorized common stock by shares 

. 

F-36 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex_21-1.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

Artificial Intelligence Technology Solutions Inc. 

Subsidiaries 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 Robotic Assistance Devices, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Robotic Assistance Devices Group, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Robotic Assistance Devices Mobile, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 ex_23-1.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FORM S-3 (333-259260)

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by
reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-259260) of Artificial Intelligence Technology Solutions, Inc. of our
report, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, dated June 14, 2023
relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ L J Soldinger Associates, LLC 

L J Soldinger Associates, LLC 

 Deer Park, Illinois 

 June 14, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-23>
 4
 ex_23-2.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FORM S-1 (333-271031)

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-271031) of
Artificial Intelligence Technology Solutions, Inc. of our report, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern, dated June 14, 2023, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Artificial
Intelligence Technology Solutions, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of February 28, 2023 and 2022 and for the years then ended which appears in
in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ L J Soldinger Associates, LLC 

Deer Park, Illinois 

 United States of America 

June 14, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 ex_31-1.htm
 RULE 13(A)-14(A)/15(D)-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION 

I, Steven Reinharz, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Artificial Intelligence
Technology Solutions Inc. (the Company for the year ended February 28, 2023. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15-d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 14, 2023 
 BY: /s/ Steven Reinharz 

Steven Reinharz 

President, Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 ex_31-2.htm
 RULE 13(A)-14(A)/15(D)-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION 

I, Anthony Brenz, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Artificial Intelligence
Technology Solutions Inc. (the Company for the year ended February 28, 2023. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15-d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 14, 2023 
 BY: /s/ Anthony Brenz 

Anthony Brenz 

Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 ex_32-1.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 32.1 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Artificial Intelligence Technology Solutions Inc. (the Company for the year ended
February 28, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Steven Reinharz, President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
 and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 14, 2023 
 BY: /s/ Steven Reinharz 

Steven Reinharz 

President, Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

This certification accompanies this Annual Report
on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed
filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 ex_32-2.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER

Exhibit 32.2 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Artificial Intelligence Technology Solutions Inc. (the Company for the year ended
February 28, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Anthony Brenz, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
 and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 14, 2023 
 BY: /s/ Anthony Brenz 

Anthony Brenz 

Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

This certification accompanies this Annual Report
on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed
filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 aitx-20230228.xsd
 INLINE XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 aitx-20230228_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 aitx-20230228_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 aitx-20230228_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

