<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230418_10-K_edgar_data_1049011_0001493152-23-012639.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4355192</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>228842</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>957224</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1137459</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>845464</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1095081</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012639.hdr.sgml : 20230418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417194658
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012639
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KID CASTLE EDUCATIONAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001049011
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-PROFESSIONAL & COMMERCIAL EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5040]
		IRS NUMBER:				592549529
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56174
		FILM NUMBER:		23825170

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		127-1 SUNG CHIANG ROAD
		CITY:			TAIPEI, TAIWAN ROC
		STATE:			F5
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011886225061688

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		127-1 SUNG CHIANG ROAD
		CITY:			TAIPEI, TAIWAN ROC
		STATE:			F5
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KING BALL INTERNATIONAL TECHNOLOGY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020708

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OMNI DOORS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012639.txt : 20230418

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number including area code: (1) - 

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files. No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition
of accelerated filer and larger accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer 

Emerging
 growth company 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of a specified date within the past 60 days: 

As
of December 31, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
Registrant was approximately using the average of the stock s closing price on December 31, 2021, which was 0.0312 multiplied
by 2,324,706 shares. For the sole purpose of making this calculation, the term non-affiliate has been interpreted to exclude
directors, executive officers and holders of 10 or more of the registrant s common stock, and the value was calculated based the
number of shares held As of December 31, 2022. 

As
at December 31, 2022, the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

KID
CASTLE EDUCATIONAL CORPORATION 

 FORM
10-K 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item
 1 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 32 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 33 

PART II 
 
 Item
 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 34 
 
 Item
 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 35 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 36 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 46 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 49 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 49 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other Information 
 51 

PART III 
 
 Item
 10 
 Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 51 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 56 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 59 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 60 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 63 

PART IV 
 
 Item
 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 64 
 
 Signatures 
 65 
 
 Exhibit Index 
 64 

2 

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

The
discussion contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of
the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans,
objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often,
but not always, made through the use of words or phrases like anticipate, estimate, plans, 
 projects, continuing, ongoing, target, expects, management
believes, we believe, we intend, we may, we will, we should, 
 we seek, we plan, the negative of those terms, and similar words or phrases. We base these forward-looking
statements on our expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate as of
the date of this Annual Report. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that cannot be predicted,
quantified or controlled and that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by, or underlying
the forward-looking statements. Statements in this Annual Report describe factors, among others, that could contribute to or cause these
differences. Actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, projected or expected should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect. Because the factors discussed in this Annual Report
could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us or on our
behalf, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statement. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not
possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to
which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statement. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly revise our forward-looking statements to reflect events
or circumstances that arise after the date of this Annual Report or the date of documents incorporated by reference herein that include
forward-looking statements. 

Use
of Market and Industry Data 

This
Annual Report includes market and industry data that we have obtained from third-party sources, including industry publications, as well
as industry data prepared by our management on the basis of its knowledge of and experience in the industries in which we operate (including
our management s estimates and assumptions relating to such industries based on that knowledge). Management has developed its knowledge
of such industries through its experience and participation in these industries. While our management believes the third-party sources
referred to in this Annual Report are reliable, neither we nor our management have independently verified any of the data from such sources
referred to in this Annual Report or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon by such sources. Furthermore, references
in this Annual Report to any publications, reports, surveys or articles prepared by third parties should not be construed as depicting
the complete findings of the entire publication, report, survey or article. The information in any such publication, report, survey or
article is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. 

Forecasts
and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on
various factors, including those discussed under Risk Factors, Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, 
and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report. 

Trademarks,
Service Marks and Trade Names 

This
Annual Report contains references to our trademarks, service marks and trade names and to trademarks, service marks and trade names belonging
to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report, including logos,
artwork and other visual displays, may appear without the or TM symbols, but such references are not intended
to indicate, in any way, that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto.
We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, service marks or trademarks or any artists or other
individuals names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies or persons. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1 
 BUSINESS 

When
we use the terms Kid Castle, KDCE, we, us, our, and the
company, we mean Kid Castle Educational Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 

Kid
Castle Educational Corporation, a Delaware corporation, Kid Castle, the Company, We, KDCE, 
 Us or Our operates and manages a portfolio of real estate properties, digital assets, and other in-demand
properties. Kid Castle engages in rollup and consolidation of real estate, Biopharma and digital economy assets and operations. 

Kid
Castle used to be a Florida corporation until the company voluntarily dissolved its Florida registration with intention to simultaneously
incorporate in Delaware and convert into a Delaware corporation. Although the company immediately finalized its registration effort to
convert into a Delaware Corporation, the company s registered agent who was supposed to submit the registration package to the
Delaware Secretary of State for certification, failed to make a timely submission. Later in January 2019, when the company realized that
the Delaware incorporation/registration package/process was never submitted to the Delaware Secretary of State nor completed in any other
way or form, the Company went ahead and resubmitted the required registration package and was then formally re-incorporated in Delaware
and convert into a Delaware corporation. Thus, the company was formally incorporated in Delaware and converted into a Delaware Corporation
in January 2019. 

The
re-incorporation in Delaware, which occurred in January 2019, has placed at risk, voidable and unenforceable, all and any liabilities
that may have accrued, including any material agreements the Company may have executed during the period between March 22, 2011 and January
2019. To the best of our knowledge, no such liabilities that were accrued and no material agreement were entered into by the company
during the period between March 22, 2011 and January 2019. In addition, there could be penalties or legal liabilities that may have accrued
as a result of conducting business from 2011 to 2019 without properly registering with any State. To the best of our knowledge, as at
November 27, 2020, no such penalties or liabilities has accrued to the company accrued as a result of conducting business from 2011 to
2019 without properly registering with any State. However, there is no guarantee that such penalties or liabilities would not accrue
or arise in the future. 

On
January 21, 2020, we received notification about their decision to suspend trading in the securities of Kid Castle Education Corporation KDCE or the company (CIK No. 1049011) due to questions and concerns about: (1) the adequacy and accuracy
of publicly available information concerning KDCE s current corporate control and its operations in the marketplace, including
in filings with the Commission made on October 25, November 5, November 14, November 18, and November 27, 2019, as amended on December
6, 2019; and (2) recent, unusual and unexplained market activity in the company s stock, including, but not limited to, activity
between October 25 and October 28, 2019. 

4 

Upon
the receipt of the notification, we called the number listed on the letter to speak with the SEC staff listed. We explained to them that
our involvement with KDCE started on October 21, 2019 when gained control of KDCE, and that prior to that date, neither us nor any of
our officers and shareholders own or sold shares of KDCE. We did not have any idea or information about whatever happened with KDCE and
its common stock until October 21, 2019. We explained that by the time on the unusual price movement in the stock, we did not even have
access to the shareholders list and none of our officers or directors has any shares of KDCE to sell. We spoke to three staff
who told us to wait for a formal request from their office. 

We
received the form letter from the Division of Enforcement on February 18, 2020 to immediately preserve, and voluntarily provide them
with, the information and documents listed on the request. We promptly complied with the request, gathered all the requested information
and documents and submitted them to the SEC Division of Enforcement on March 2, 2020. 

None
of our current officers owned shares of KDCE prior to, and immediately after the transaction of October 21, 2019. None of our officers
sold shares of KDCE during the period in question. Due diligence performed by our current officers and directors with respect to the
acquisition of control of KDCE was limited to reading KDCE s previously filed information on the SEC website. Our current officers
and directors have no hand in the formation and corporate history until October 21, 2019. Our current officers and directors did not
own of trade shares, or participate in the events leading to the suspension order. 

Corporate
History 

Kid
Castle Educational Corporation KDCE was the result of a share exchange transaction, commonly referred to as a reverse
merger, pursuant to which shareholders of an offshore operating company take control of a U.S. company that has no operations (commonly
referred to as a shell company), and the offshore operating company becomes a subsidiary of the U.S. company. In KDCE case, the offshore
company was Higoal Developments Ltd., which was the parent company of Kid Castle Internet Technologies Limited and Kid Castle Education
Software Development Co. Limited, KDCE s operating companies that run our English language instruction business. The U.S. or shell
company, at the time of the share exchange, was King Ball International Technology Corporation. 

The
details of KDCE corporate history are as follows. KDCE was incorporated in Florida on July 19, 1985 as Omni Doors, Inc. From inception
through June 30, 1998, our primary business was the assembly and distribution of industrial doors for sale to building contractors in
the South Florida market. Until April 6, 1998, we were a wholly-owned subsidiary of Millennia, Inc., a publicly-owned Delaware corporation.
On April 6, 1998, the Board of Directors of Millennia declared the payment of a stock dividend to Millennia s stockholders. Millennia
stockholders received one share of our common stock for each four shares of Millennia common stock. This distribution of approximately
570,000 shares of our company represented approximately 5 of the total issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. 

5 

Pursuant
to a contract dated July 14, 1998, Millennia sold 10,260,000 shares (representing 90 of the total outstanding shares) of our common
stock to an unrelated firm, China Economic Growth Investment Corp., LLC, which then distributed the shares to its three members, Yong
Chen, Zuxiang Huang, and Zheng Yao. 

On
April 6, 2001, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement dated April 2, 2001, Halter Capital Corporation, a privately-owned Texas corporation,
purchased 6,822,900 shares of our common stock from Zheng Yao, representing approximately 60 of our issued and outstanding shares of
common stock. Simultaneously with this change-in-control transaction, Sophia Yao, our then sole officer and director, resigned. Kevin
B. Halter, Sr., as President and director, and Kevin B. Halter, Jr., as Secretary-Treasurer and director, were elected to replace her. 

On
June 19, 2002, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement dated June 6, 2002, Powerlink International Finance, Inc., a British Virgin Islands
corporation, purchased 2,830,926 shares of our common stock from Halter Capital Corporation, representing approximately 57 of our issued
and outstanding shares of common stock. Simultaneously with the purchase, the officers and directors of the Company resigned. Chin-Chung
Hsu, President, Treasurer, and Director; Wen-Hao Hsu, Secretary and Director; and Chien-Hwa Liu, Director, were elected to replace them. 

On
June 25, 2002, we changed our name to King Ball International Technology Corporation and, on August 22, 2002, we changed our name again
to Kid Castle Educational Corporation. 

On
March 29, 2010, the Company which has been a public reporting company registered with the Securities Exchange Commissioner SEC ),
filed Form 15D, Suspension of Duty to Report. As a result of filing Form 15D, the Company was no longer required to file any SEC forms
since March 29, 2010. Similarly, on March 22, 2011, the company voluntarily dissolved its Florida registration with intention to simultaneously
incorporate in Delaware and convert into a Delaware corporation. The Company has been dormant since March 22, 2011and non-operating since
March 29, 2010. 

On
October 21, 2019, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement dated October 2, 2019, Cannabinoid Biosciences, Inc., a California corporation,
purchased one (1) million shares of its preferred shares (one preferred share is convertible 1,000 share of common stocks) of the Company,
representing 97.82 of our total issued and outstanding voting shares of common stock and preferred stock. Simultaneously with the purchase,
the officers and directors of the Company resigned. Frank I Igwealor, Chairman and CEO, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director; Patience
C Ogbozor, Director; and Dr. Solomon SK Mbagwu, MD, Director, were elected to replace them. Following the share sales to Cannabinoid
Biosciences, Inc., the purchaser converted 900,000 of the preferred shares for 900,000,000 shares of the Company s current outstanding
shares of common stock. 

Following
the consummation of the October 21, 2019 transactions, the Company decided to restart filing important information immediately. The Company
used the Form 10-12(g) to register its common stock with the SEC. 

6 

On
September 15, 2020, Kid Castle Educational Corporation (the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with certain
corporation related to our President and CEO with respect to the private placement of 900,000 shares of its preferred stock at a purchase
price of 3 in cash and a transfer of 100 interest in, and control of Community Economic Development Capital, LLC (a California Limited
Liability Company). The shares were issued to the investors without registration under the Securities Act of 1933 based upon exemptions
from registration provided under Section 4(2) of the Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The issuances did not involve any public
offering; no general solicitation or general advertising was used in connection with the offering. Community Economic Development Capital,
is a specialty real estate holding company for specialized assets including, affordable housing, opportunity zones properties, medical
real estate investments, related commercial facilities, industrial and commercial real estate, and other real estate related services. 

Similarly,
on September 16, 2020, as part of its purchase of unregistered securities from certain corporation related to our President and CEO,
the Company, received 3.00 in cash and 1,000,000 shares of its preferred stock, and in exchange transferred 100 interest in, and control
of Community Economic Development Capital, LLC CED Capital ), a California Limited Liability Company, and 97 of the issued
and outstanding shares of Cannabinoid Biosciences, Inc. CBDX ), to GiveMePower Corporation, a Nevada corporation. This
transaction gave the Company 88 of the voting control of GiveMePower. 

On
April 21, 2021, the Company sold Cannabinoid Biosciences, Inc. CBDX ), a California corporation, to Premier Information
Management, Inc. for 1 in cash. As further consideration pursuant to the stated sales, CBDX returned Kid Castle Educational Inc., the
parent Company of GMPW, the 100,000 shares of KDCE preferred stock and 900,000,000 shares of KDCE common stock that CBDX bought in October
of 2019. Pursuant to the April 21, 2021 transaction, CBDX ceased from being a subsidiary of GMPW, effective April 1, 2021. 

On
December 30, 2021, in exchange for its 87 control block in GiveMePower Corporation, the Company received 100 stake in Alpharidge Capital
LLC from GiveMePower, in a cashless transaction, resulting in each public company going its separate way and an independent company. 

Business
Overview 

Kid
Castle engages in rollup and consolidation of real estate, Biopharma and digital economy assets and operations. The Company changed its
CBD-focused business after selling Cannabinoid Biosciences, Inc. in April 2021, to refocus on acquisition and management of businesses
and assets in real estate, Biopharma and digital economy. As the subsidiary of Video River Networks, Inc. (NIHK), the Company s
business plan is to help NIHK to achieve its business plan. The Company therefore will focus on rolling up Artificial Intelligence, Machine
Learning, Robotics, and digital assets and businesses in North America. 

7 

During
the last quarter of 2019, we entered into nonbinding Letter of Intent (LOIs) with 5 CBD operations to acquire their businesses. None
of these businesses sells or manages cannabis-related or marijuana related products. The businesses are focused on Farm Bill 
compliant Hemp-based CBD products. A Farm Bill compliant business is one that strictly cultivates and utilizes hemp 
as specified by the Bill. The 2018 Farm Bill legalized production of hemp for all allowing for full-scale commercial production
of hemp as provided in the Bill. https://www.ams.usda.gov/sites/default/files/HempExecSumandLegalOpinion.pdf. Each of these businesses
is producing revenue and each operation is profitable. With the LOIs in hand, we approached some professional finance guys to help us
raise the money for the acquisition. There is no guarantee that we could raise the capital needed for this acquisition or that the sellers
would wait for us to raise the capital. 

Subsequently,
as we were pulling together financing for the acquisition, COVID-19 exploded and crippled most business transactions across the world.
As a result of the disruptions occasioned by COVID-19, the operations of our major financier coming from New York and London came under
the lockdown. We have informed the sellers about this situation and advised that they move on to other potential acquirers as we are
completely uncertain about the where things would be after the end of COVID-19 pandemic. 

Because
of COVID-19 we were unable to obtain the financing necessary to make the acquisition of the businesses mentioned above. There is no guarantee
that we could be able to acquire one or more of those businesses. In addition, there is no guarantee that these businesses would still
be available to us to acquire in the future, or at the initially contemplated price. As at the date of this filing, we believe that above
targeted acquisitions would no longer be probable because of the impact of COVID-19. 

Our
Business Objectives and Growth Strategies 

Our
principal business objective is to maximize stockholder returns through a combination of (1) acquisition and rollup of profitable Artificial
Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotics, and digital assets across the United States of America (2) sustainable long-term growth in
cash flows from increased profits, which we hope to pass on to stockholders in the form of distributions, and (3) potential long-term
appreciation in the value of our businesses through process optimization and financial engineering. However, because of COVID-19, we
were unable to obtain the financing necessary to make the acquisition of the businesses we needed to acquire. There is no guarantee that
we could be able to acquire one or more in the future. In addition, there is no guarantee that viable businesses would still be available
to us to acquire in the future, or at reasonable price. 

Mission
Statement 

Our
vision is to acquire and rollup profitable Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotics, and digital assets across the United
States of America. 

8 

There
is no guarantee that we could successfully make any acquisition or rollup. Our mission as stated above is only a guiding principle as
we start our acquisition. We have never made any big acquisition prior to this moment. Although we have a theoretical picture of what
our mission called for, none of our staff have ever done it previously. 

STRATEGY 

Keys
to Success 

Management
Experience 

Our
experienced management team has a combined thirty-two years of successful experience in finance and legal experience in the United States.
The Company intends to acquire and rollup profitable Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotics, and digital assets across the
United States of America as soon as it had raised enough capital to consummate an acquisition of such business operation that generates
significant revenue. There are no guarantees that we would be able to raise the capital needed to make any acquisition, though. 

Special
Purpose Entities 

When
the Company does acquire businesses and operating assets, it intends to hold title to the properties through separate LLCs or through
special purpose entities SPE s holding several similar asset types. Each separate LLC or SPE will be a 100 wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. If a joint venture is undertaken, the Company will record a first position deed instead of holding actual
title. 

Each
 business/operation acquired is its own entity and is structured as its own business structure while the parentt Company bundles all
 the ownership/control interests into a single corporation. 

Each
 business/operation is managed by its management team or authorized agents. 

9 

Leverage 

Leverage
represents an important vehicle for maximizing returns. The Company will evaluate the appropriate amount of debt based on market conditions,
feasibility of the project, and determined risk. The Company does not have any credit agreements with any lender as at the date of this
filing. We may incur indebtedness in the form of bank borrowings, purchase money obligations to the sellers of properties and publicly
or privately placed debt instruments or financing from institutional investors or other lenders. The indebtedness may be secured or unsecured.
Security may be in the form of mortgages or other interests in our properties; equity interests in entities which own our properties
or investments; cash or cash equivalents; securities; letters of credit; guarantees or a security interest in one or more of our other
assets. 

The
Company may use borrowing proceeds to finance acquisitions of new businesses or operations, make other investments, trade in stocks,
futures, options and forex, make payments to the officers and management, pay for capital improvements, repairs, refinance existing indebtedness,
pay distributions or provide working capital. The form of our indebtedness may be long-term or short-term debt or in the form of a revolving
credit facility. 

Our
Financing Strategy 

As
part of our plan to finance our activities, we utilize proceeds from debt and equity offerings to fund acquisition, purchases and restructuring
activities. 

We
do not have positive operating cash flow. However, we intend to make acquisitions that would generate positive operating cash flow in
the near future. We intend to meet our long-term liquidity needs through cash flow from operations and the issuance of equity and debt
securities, including common stock and long-term notes. Where possible, we also may issue limited partnership interests in future Operating
Partnership and use the proceeds to acquire businesses from existing owners. We expect to issue equity and debt securities at times when
we believe that our stock price is at a level that allows for the reinvestment of offering proceeds in accretive business assets and
property acquisitions. We may also issue common stock to permanently finance businesses that were previously financed by debt securities.
However, since we have never done any of the above before, we cannot assure you that we will have access to the capital markets at times
and on terms that are acceptable to us. Our ability to access the capital markets and to obtain other financing arrangements is also
significantly limited by our limited experience in many of the industries that we target. 

We
may file a shelf registration statement, which would subsequently be declared effective by the SEC, which may permit us, from time to
time, to offer and sell common stock, preferred stock, warrants and other securities to the extent necessary or advisable to meet our
liquidity needs. 

Risk
Management 

We
intend to embrace geographic and portfolio diversification at acquisitions as our main risk management strategy. We intend to diversify
the investment size and location of our portfolio businesses in order to manage our portfolio-level risk. Over the long term, we intend
that no single business will exceed 25 of our total assets. 

Above
plan notwithstanding, we do not currently have any investment portfolio yet and there is no guarantee that we would be able to establish
one in the future because the Company has limited or no resources at the present. 

Competition 

The
current market for Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotics, and digital assets operations that meet our investment objectives
is limited. In addition, we believe finding businesses that are appropriate for our specific purpose may be limited as more competitors
enter the market. 

10 

These
competitors may prevent us from acquiring desirable businesses or may cause an increase in the price we must pay for businesses. Our
competitors may have greater financial and operational resources than we do and may be willing to pay more for certain assets or may
be willing to accept more risk than we believe can be prudently managed. In particular, larger companies may enjoy significant competitive
advantages that result from, among other things, a lower cost of capital and enhanced operating efficiencies. Our competitors may also
adopt transaction structures similar to ours, which would decrease our competitive advantage in offering flexible transaction terms.
In addition, due to a number of factors, the number of entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable investment Artificial
Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotics, and digital assets businesses may increase substantially, resulting in increased demand and
increased prices paid for these businesses. If we pay higher prices for businesses, our profitability may decrease, and you may experience
a lower return on our common stock. Increased competition for businesses may also preclude us from acquiring those businesses that would
generate attractive returns to us. 

Insurance 

We
carry comprehensive general liability coverage on our communities, with limits of liability customary within the multi-family businesses
industry to insure against liability claims and related defense costs. We are also insured, with limits of liability customary within
the real estate industry, against the risk of direct physical damage in amounts necessary to reimburse us on a replacement cost basis
for costs incurred to repair or rebuild each property, including loss of rental income during the reconstruction period. 

Our
primary lines of insurance coverage are property, general liability and workers compensation. We believe that our insurance coverages
adequately insure our multifamily businesses against the risk of loss attributable to fire, earthquake, hurricane, tornado, flood, terrorism
and other perils, and adequately insure us against other risk. Our coverage includes deductibles, retentions and limits that are customary
in the industry. We have established loss prevention, loss mitigation, claims handling and litigation management procedures to manage
our exposure. 

Seasonality 

Our
business has not been, and we do not expect it to become subject to, material seasonal fluctuations. 

Trademarks 

We
do not own any trademark or patents As of December 31, 2022 and 2020. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s employees comprised six (6) employees who managed the affairs of the parent corporation and
the operations of the subsidiaries. On an as needed basis, the Company hires independent contractors to perform specific tasks related
to the Company s business interests. 

Where
You Can Find More Information 

We
have restarted filing annual, quarterly, and special reports, proxy statements, and other information with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ). Our SEC filings are available to the public over the Internet from the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov.
You may also read and copy any document we file at the SEC s public reference room in Washington, D.C. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330
for further information on the public reference room. You can also access these reports and other filings electronically on the SEC s
web site, www.sec.gov . 

11 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

Certain
factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should consider carefully
the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, including
our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional
risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that
adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline,
and you could lose part or all of your investment. 

For
purposes of this section, the term stockholders means the holders of shares of Kid Castle Educational Corporation s
common stock. Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to Kid Castle Educational Corporation s stockholders.
You should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our Company, our businesses and our business. 

Our
business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation,
those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual operating results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated
future results. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Our
inability to timely submit registration package to the Delaware Secretary of State until in 2019 presents a risk that any liabilities
that may have accrued, including any material agreements may be unenforceable, as a result of the failure to properly register with the
State of Delaware until in 2019. 

The
Company used to be a Florida corporation until March 22, 2011 when it voluntarily dissolved its Florida registration with intention to
simultaneously incorporate in Delaware and convert into a Delaware corporation. Although the company immediately finalized its registration
effort to convert into a Delaware Corporation, the company s registered agent who was supposed to submit the registration package
to the Delaware Secretary of State for certification, failed to make a timely submission. Later in January 2019, when the company realized
that the Delaware incorporation/registration package/process was never submitted to the Delaware Secretary of State nor completed in
any other way or form, the Company went ahead and resubmitted the required registration package and was then formally re-incorporated
in Delaware and convert into a Delaware corporation. 

The
re-incorporation in Delaware, which occurred in January 2019, has placed at risk, voidable and unenforceable, all and any liabilities
that may have accrued, including any material agreements the Company may have executed during the period between March 22, 2011 and January
2019. To the best of our knowledge, no such liabilities that were accrued and no material agreement were entered into by the company
during the period between March 22, 2011 and January 2019. In addition, there could be penalties or legal liabilities that may have accrued
as a result of conducting business from 2011 to 2019 without properly registering with any State. To the best of our knowledge, as at
September 7, 2020, no such penalties or liabilities has accrued to the company accrued as a result of conducting business from 2011 to
2019 without properly registering with any State. However, there is no guarantee that such penalties or liabilities would not accrue
or arise in the future. 

12 

We
have limited knowledge about the circumstances surrounding the filing of the Form 15 by the Company in 2010. We are not aware of any
reason that made the previous management of the company to file the Form 15 with the SEC. 

Because
we took control of the Company on October 21, 2019, we have limited knowledge of events that took place prior to October 21, 2019, which
was the date that we formally took control of the management of the Company, we relied on information supplied to us by the previous
management of the Company and we also relied on their filings with the SEC as shown on the SEC website. 

Thus,
we knew that the Company filed with the SEC to the suspension of your duty to file SEC reports after March 29, 2010. We are not aware
of the circumstances that led to the decision of the previous management of the Company to seek to stop reporting. We just knew that
the steps taken by the Company was not unusual since several other small reporting companies seems to also take that route when reporting
obligation has gotten burdensome to them that the cost / benefit analysis was no longer favorable to those companies. 

Our
knowledge and understanding of the events that were contained in the Company s SCHEDULE 13E-3 filing on June 18, 2009 was totally
based on the filings themselves which is listed on the SEC website. We do not have any additional information on that matter or any other
occurrence in the Company prior to the filing of the FORM 15-15D. 

We
only obtained information from the Company previous managers concerning the Company s failure to re-incorporate in Delaware after
termination of their Florida registration. We were satisfied with their explanation that it was oversight and not deliberate. We were
also satisfied that the Company has been incorporated in Delaware by January of 2019. 

Based
on the foregoing, investing in the Company may carry additional risk of the unknown or whatever might has occurred in the Company prior
to October 21, 2019, which was not reported alongside the Company s filings shown on the SEC website, which is our primary source
of information about the Company s activities prior to October 21, 2019. 

Substantial
doubt exists about our ability to continue our business as a going concern. 

We
believe our current capital is insufficient to develop our business, execute our business strategy, and satisfy our near-term working
capital requirements. If we fail to raise sufficient capital, we will likely need to raise additional financing in order to continue
to implement our business model. If such funds are not available to us, we may be forced to curtail or cease our activities, which would
likely result in the loss to our investors of all or a substantial portion of their investment. These conditions create uncertainty as
to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

13 

Our
financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Filing have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern
is contingent upon its ability to raise additional capital as required. The Company has Accumulated Deficit of 5,409,541 and 5,409,541
as at the end of the year December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

We
have limited operating history on which to judge our business prospects and management. 

We
have limited operating history upon which to base an evaluation of our business and prospects. Operating results for future periods are
subject to numerous uncertainties and we cannot assure you that the Company will achieve or sustain profitability. Future operating results
will depend upon many factors, including our success in attracting and retaining motivated and qualified personnel, our ability to establish
short term credit lines or obtain financing from other sources, our ability to develop and market new products, control costs, and general
economic conditions. We cannot assure you that the Company will successfully address any of these risks. 

Our
continuing as a going concern depends upon financing. 

If
we are not able to raise additional capital, we will be unable to operate our business or continue as a going concern. In additional,
if we do not raise sufficient capital and we continue to experience pre-operating losses, there will most likely be substantial doubt
as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Revenue operations have scarcely commenced because we have not raised the necessary
capital to acquire the facilities needed for our biopharmaceutical research and development operations. 

We
will require substantial additional funding which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise the
necessary additional capital, we may be unable to complete the development and commercialization of our products, or continue our development
programs. 

We
expect to significantly increase our spending to advance our financing products and services. We will require additional capital for
the further promotion of our products, as well as to fund our other operating expenses and capital expenditures. We cannot be certain
that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient
amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue our operations. We may also seek
collaborators for the products at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise
be available. Any of these events could significantly harm our business, financial condition and prospects. Our future capital requirements
will depend on many factors, including: 

Our
 plans to establish manufacturing capabilities, sales, and/or marketing; 
 
 The
 effect of competing medical products, technological and market developments; 
 
 The
 terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing and other arrangements that we may establish; 
 
 Our
 revenues, if any, from our operations; 
 
 The
 time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals for a biopharma product candidates
 (we currently do not have any product candidate), if any. 

14 

If
we raise additional funds by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, we will reduce the percentage of ownership of the then-existing
shareholders, and the holders of those newly-issued equity or convertible debt securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges
senior to those possessed by our then-existing shareholders. Additionally, future sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common
Stock, or other equity-related securities in the public market could depress the market price of our Common Stock and impair our ability
to raise capital through the sale of additional equity or equity-linked securities. We cannot predict the effect that future sales of
our Common Stock, or other equity-related securities would have on the market price of our Common Stock at any given time. 

We
will need but may be unable to obtain additional funding on satisfactory terms, which could dilute our shareholders or impose burdensome
financial restrictions on our business. 

We
have relied upon cash from financing activities and in the future, we expect to rely on the proceeds from future debt and/or equity financing,
and we hope to rely on revenues generated from operations to fund all of the cash requirements of our activities. However, there can
be no assurance that we will be able to generate any significant cash from our operating activities in the future. Future financing may
not be available on a timely basis, in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Any debt financing or other financing
of securities senior to the Common Stock will likely include financial and other covenants that will restrict our flexibility. Any failure
to comply with these covenants would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations
because we could lose our existing sources of funding and impair our ability to secure new sources of funding. However, there can be
no assurance that the Company will be able to generate any investor interest in its securities. If we do not obtain additional financing,
our business will never commence, in which case you would likely lose the entirety of your investment in us. 

We
are at an early stage of development as a company and currently have no source of revenue and may never become profitable. 

We
are a development-stage technology company that has limited operation since we revived the Company s business operations in 2019.
As a development-stage company, we are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties of a new business, including the risk that we may
never develop, complete development or market any of our products or services and we may never generate product or services related revenues.
Accordingly, we have only a limited history upon which an evaluation of our prospects and future performance can be made. If we are unable
to generate revenue, we will not become profitable, and we may be unable to continue our operations. Furthermore, our proposed operations
are subject to all business risks associated with new enterprises. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems,
expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered in connection with the expansion of a business, operation in
a competitive industry, and the continued development of advertising, promotions and a corresponding customer base. There can be no assurances
that we will operate profitably. 

15 

We
rely on our management team, which has limited experience working together. 

We
depend on a small number of executive officers and other members of management to work effectively as a team, to execute our business
strategy and business plan, and to manage employees and consultants. 

We
have no long-term employment agreements in place with our executive officers. 

As
of the date of this Filing we only have unwritten short-term, interim employment arrangements with our senior executive officers that
expire on December 31, 2020. We are currently negotiating compensation packages and the terms of formal employment agreements with our
executive officers and we anticipate the any such employment agreement entered into with our executive officers will be on terms no less
favorable to our executive officers than the terms of their respective interim arrangement. There is a risk that the Company and any
one or more of our executive officers will not reach an agreement with respect to their employment agreements, in part because we expect
their compensation packages will be comprised of cash compensation, equity compensation (e.g. stock options, warrants or stock grants),
as well as standard benefits and other terms customary for executive officers of similar experience and tenure. Although we intend to
finalize negotiations with respect to these employment agreements with each of our executive officers in the near future, if we fail
to reach mutually satisfactory agreements in this regard, any one or more of such persons may terminate their association with the Company.
Additionally, we are also highly dependent on certain consultants and service providers, including our development partners and our marketing
and advertising service providers, some of which are affiliates of the Company and our officers and directors. The loss of any one or
more of these experienced executives, consultants, service providers and/or development partners would have a material and adverse effect
on our Company and our business prospects. See Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 

Our
ability to succeed depends on our ability to grow our business and achieve profitability. 

We
may not be successful in executing our development and/or growth strategy, and even if we are successful in the development and commercialization
of services and achieve targeted growth, we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. Failure to successfully execute any
material part of our development strategy or growth strategy would significantly impair our future growth and our ability to attract
and sustain investments in our business. 

Raising
additional capital by issuing additional securities may cause dilution to our current and future shareholders. 

We
will need to, or desire to, raise substantial additional capital in the future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors,
including, among others: 

Our
 degree of success in selling our medical products and related services; 
 
 The
 costs of establishing or acquiring sales, and marketing for our services; 

16 

The
 extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products, or technologies, and other
 strategic relationships; and 
 
 The
 costs of financing unanticipated working capital requirements and responding to competitive
 pressures. 

If
we raise additional funds by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, we will reduce the percentage of ownership of the then-existing
shareholders, and the holders of those newly-issued equity or convertible debt securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges
senior to those possessed by our then-existing shareholders. Additionally, future sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common
Stock, or other equity-related securities in the public market could depress the market price of our Common Stock and impair our ability
to raise capital through the sale of additional equity or equity-linked securities. We cannot predict the effect that future sales of
our Common Stock, or other equity-related securities would have on the market price of our Common Stock at any given time. 

Risks
of borrowing. 

As
of the date of this Filing, we have incurred certain debt obligations to Poverty Solutions, Inc., and to vendors and service providers
in the ordinary course of our business. While we don t intend to incur any additional debt from the equity commitments, should
we obtain secure bank debt in the future, possible risks could arise. If we incur additional indebtedness, a portion of our future revenues
will have to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness. Typical loan agreements also might contain restrictive
covenants, which may impair our operating flexibility. Such loan agreements would also provide for default under certain circumstances,
such as failure to meet certain financial covenants. A default under a loan agreement could result in the loan becoming immediately due
and payable and, if unpaid, a judgment in favor of such lender which would be senior to our rights. A judgment creditor would have the
right to foreclose on any of our assets resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, ability to generate revenue, operating
results or financial condition. 

Unanticipated
obstacles to execution of our business plan. 

Our
business plan may change significantly. Many of our potential business endeavors are capital intensive and may be subject to statutory
or regulatory requirements. Our Board of Directors believes that the chosen activities and strategies are achievable in light of current
economic and legal conditions with the skills, background, and knowledge of our principals and advisors. Our Board of Directors reserves
the right to make significant modifications to our stated strategies depending on future events. 

Risks
of operations. 

Our
future operating results may be volatile, difficult to predict and may fluctuate significantly in the future due to a variety of factors,
many of which may be outside of our control. Due to the nature of our target market, we may be unable to accurately forecast our future
revenues and operating results. Furthermore, our failure to generate revenues would prevent us from achieving and maintaining profitability.
There are no assurances that we can generate significant revenue or achieve profitability. We anticipate having a sizeable amount of
fixed expenses, and we expect to incur losses due to the execution of our business strategy, continued development efforts and related
expenses. As a result, we will need to generate significant revenues while containing costs and operating expenses if we are to achieve
profitability. We cannot be certain that we will ever achieve sufficient revenue levels to achieve profitability. 

17 

New
venture. 

We
were recently formed, and therefore have no financial or operating history. We have little operating revenue and require borrowing to
commence the marketing of our Medical products and services, hire and train staff, secure adequate office facilities, and commence operations.
The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, delays, risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered
in connection with the establishment of any new enterprise, many of which may be beyond our control. We are subject to all of the risks
inherent in the creation of a new enterprise and the competitive environment in which we will operate. We cannot provide any assurances
that we will be successful in addressing these risks or achieving our objectives. 

Minimal
employees or infrastructure. 

We
currently only have a small number of employees and are in the process of establishing our human resources procedures, policies, process
and registrations, which are not yet complete. We also have minimal operational infrastructure and no prior operating history. We intent
to rely on our management team, our advisors, third-party consultants, third-party developers, service providers, technology partners,
outside attorneys, advisors, accountants, auditors, and other administrators. The loss of services of any of such personnel may have
a material adverse effect on our business and operations and there can be no assurance that if any or all of such personnel were to become
unavailable, that qualified successors can be found, on acceptable terms. 

Limitation
on remedies; indemnification. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended from time to time, provides that officers, directors, employees and other agents and their affiliates
shall only be liable to the Company and its shareholders for losses, judgments, liabilities and expenses that result from the fraud or
other breach of fiduciary obligations. Additionally, we intend to enter into corporate indemnification agreements with each of our officers
and directors consistent with industry practice. Thus, certain alleged errors or omissions might not be actionable by the Company. Our
governing instruments also provide that, under the broadest circumstances allowed under law, we must indemnify its officers, directors,
employees and other agents and their affiliates for losses, judgments, liabilities, expenses and amounts paid in settlement of any claims
sustained by them in connection with the Company, including liabilities under applicable securities laws. 

No
dividends or return of profits. 

We
have not begun operations beyond planning company activities and the commencement of the deployment of our medical products and services;
however, no such deployment is expected to be made until after obtain funding. Accordingly, we have not had any profits from our limited
operations to date. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings,
if any, to finance the expansion of our operations. As a result, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

18 

Force
Majeure. 

Our
business is uniquely susceptible to unforeseen delays or failures that are caused by forces of nature and related circumstances. These
factors are outside and beyond our control. The delay or failure to commence the deployment of our medical products and services may
be due to any act of God, fire, war, terrorism, flood, strike, labor dispute, disaster, transportation or laboratory difficulties or
any similar or dissimilar event beyond our control. We will not be held liable to any shareholder in the event of any such failure. 

We
may incur substantial operating and net losses due to substantial expenditures. 

We
intend to expend money on our operating expenses and capital expenditures in order to commence the deployment of our medical products
and services and expand our market presence. We may incur substantial operating and net losses in the foreseeable future. There can be
no assurance that we will achieve or sustain profitability or positive cash flow from our operations. 

We
may not be able to carry out our proposed plan of operations. 

Our
proposed plan of operation and prospects will depend largely upon our ability to successfully establish a noticeable presence in the
Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotics, and digital assets industry on a timely fashion, retain and continue to hire skilled
management, technical, marketing and other personnel; and attract and retain significant numbers of quality business partners. We have
limited experience in the deployment of our medical products and services and there is limited information available concerning the potential
performance or market acceptance of our medical products and there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement
our business plan or develop or maintain future business relationships, or that unanticipated expenses, problems or technical difficulties
which would result in material delays in implementation will not occur. 

We
may not be able to manage our growth effectively. 

Our
growth is expected to place, a significant strain on our managerial, operational and financial resources. As the number of our clients,
partners and other business partners grows, we must increasingly manage multiple relationships with various customers, strategic partners
and other third parties. There can be no assurance that our systems, procedures or controls will be adequate to support our operations
or that our management will be able to achieve the rapid execution necessary to successfully offer our services and implement our business
plan. Our future operating results will also depend on our ability to expand sales and marketing commensurate with the growth of our
business. If we are unable to manage growth effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely
affected. 

19 

The
Company s forecasts are highly speculative in nature and it cannot predict results with a high degree of accuracy. 

Any
financial projections, especially those based on ventures with minimal operating history, are inherently subject to a high degree of
uncertainty, and their ultimate achievement depends on the timing and occurrence of a complex series of future events, both internal
and external to the enterprise. There can be no assurance that potential revenues or expenses the Company projects will, in fact, be
received or incurred. 

Our
trade secrets may be difficult to protect. 

Our
success depends upon the skills, knowledge, and experience of our personnel, our consultants, and advisors. We rely in part on trade
secrets to operate our businesses successfully. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We try to protect our trade secrets
by entering into confidentiality or non-disclosure agreements with certain partners, employees, consultants, and other advisors. These
agreements generally require that the receiving party keep confidential, and not disclose to third parties confidential information developed
by the receiving party or made known to the receiving party by us during the course of the receiving party s relationship with
us. 

The
confidentiality, non-disclosure, and other similar agreements may be breached and may not effectively assign intellectual property rights
to us. Our trade secrets also could be independently discovered by competitors, in which case we would not be able to prevent the use
of such trade secrets by our competitors. The enforcement of a claim alleging that a party illegally obtained and was using our trade
secrets could be difficult, expensive, and time consuming, and the outcome would be unpredictable. The failure to obtain or maintain
meaningful trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive position. 

Because
we do not currently have an audit committee, compensation committee or any other form of corporate governance committee, shareholders
will have to rely on our directors, none of whom is independent, to perform these functions. 

We
do not have an audit committee, compensation committee or any form of corporate governance committees comprised of an independent director.
The Board performs these functions as a whole and no members of the Board are an independent director. Our Board has recently passed
a resolution and is in the process of establishing certain committees, including an audit and compliance committee, a finance committee,
a hiring and compensation committee and an executive committee, and plans to implement additional corporate governance controls. However,
until such committees and controls are formally established, there is a significant risk that certain members of the Board of Directors,
executive management and/or our controlling shareholder could thwart such plans and prevent such committees and controls from being implemented.
Thus, there is a potential conflict in that board members who are also part of management will participate in discussions concerning
management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. 

20 

Our
failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could have an adverse impact on us. 

We
are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or
any failure of those controls once established, could adversely impact our public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition
or results of operations. In addition, management s assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses
and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal controls over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for
investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting,
disclosure of management s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting or disclosure of our public accounting
firm s attestation to or report on management s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting may have an
adverse impact on the price of our Common Stock. 

General
securities investment risks. 

All
investments in securities involve the risk of loss of capital. No guarantee or representation is made that an investor will receive a
return of its capital. The value of our Common Stock can be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including development problems,
regulatory issues, technical issues, commercial challenges, competition, legislation, government intervention, industry developments
and trends, and general business and economic conditions. 

Our
strategic investments, if any are pursued by the Company, may result in losses. 

We
may elect periodically to make strategic investments in various public and private companies with businesses or technologies that may
complement our business. The market values of these strategic investments may fluctuate due to market conditions and other conditions
over which we have no control. Other-than-temporary declines in the market price and valuations of the securities that we hold in other
companies would require us to record losses related to our investment. This could result in future charges to our earnings. It is uncertain
whether or not we will realize any long-term benefits associated with these strategic investments. 

A
sale of a substantial number of shares of the Common Stock may cause the price of our Common Stock to decline. 

If
our stockholders sell, or the market perceives that our stockholders intend to sell for various reasons, substantial amounts of our Common
Stock in the public market, including shares issued in connection with the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, the market price
of our Common Stock could fall. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock may make it more difficult for us to sell
equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. We may become involved
in securities class action litigation that could divert management s attention and harm our business. The stock markets have from
time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices for the Common Stock of pharmaceutical
companies. These broad market fluctuations may cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. In the past, securities class action
litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of a company s securities. We may become
involved in this type of litigation in the future. Litigation often is expensive and diverts management s attention and resources,
which could adversely affect our business. 

21 

Our
quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly. 

We
expect our operating results to be subject to quarterly fluctuations. Our net loss and other operating results will be affected by numerous
factors, including: 

variations
 in the level of expenses related to our development programs; 
 
 any
 intellectual property infringement lawsuit in which we may become involved; 
 
 regulatory
 developments affecting our businesses; and 
 
 our
 execution of any collaborative, licensing or similar arrangements, and the timing of payments
 we may make or receive under these arrangements. 

If
our quarterly or annual operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our Common Stock
could decline substantially. Furthermore, any quarterly fluctuations in our operating results may, in turn, cause the price of our Common
Stock to fluctuate substantially. 

Directors,
executive officers, principal stockholders and affiliated entities own a significant percentage of our capital stock, and they may make
decisions that you do not consider to be in your best interests or those of our other stockholders. 

As
of the date of this Filing, our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders beneficially owned, in the aggregate, substantially
all of our outstanding voting securities. As a result, if some or all of them acted together, they would have the ability to exert significant
influence over the election of our board of directors and the outcome of issues requiring approval by our stockholders. This concentration
of ownership may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company that may be favored by other stockholders.
This could prevent transactions in which stockholders might otherwise recover a premium for their shares over current market prices. 

Our
ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to limitation. 

Generally,
a change of more than fifty percent (50 in the ownership of a company s stock, by value, over a three-year period constitutes
an ownership change for U.S. federal income tax purposes. An ownership change may limit our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards
attributable to the period prior to the change. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change net operating
loss carryforwards to offset U.S. federal taxable income may become subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased
future tax liability for us. 

22 

Our
bylaws provide for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limits their liability, which may result in a major cost
to us and hurt the interests of our stockholders because corporate resources may be expended for the benefit of our officers and/or directors. 

Our
Bylaws and applicable California law provide for the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under certain
circumstances, against attorney s fees and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising
from their association with or activities on our behalf. We will also bear the expenses of such litigation for any of our directors,
officers, employees, or agents, upon such person s promise to repay us, therefore if it is ultimately determined that any such
person shall not have been entitled to indemnification. This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures by us, which
we will be unable to recover. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be
permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of our Company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been
advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by us of expenses incurred
or paid by a director, officer, or controlling person of our Company in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is
asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless
in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the
question of whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the
final adjudication of such issue. 

Our
Common Stock may be traded on a closed trading system with limited volume and liquidity. 

Our
Common Stock may not be freely quoted for trading on any stock exchange or through any other traditional trading platform. Our Common
Stock may be issued, available for purchase and may be traded exclusively on a specific trading system that is registered with the SEC
as an alternative trading system (an ATS ). We do not currently have any plans to trade our Common Stock on a specific ATS.
Any disruption to the operations of an ATS or a broker-dealer s customer interface with an ATS would materially disrupt trading
in, or potentially result in a complete halt in the trading of, our Common Stock. Because our Common Stock may be traded exclusively
on a closed trading system, it is a possibility that there will be a limited number of holders of our Common Stock. In addition, an ATS
is likely to experience limited trading volume with a relatively small number of securities trading on the ATS platform as compared to
securities trading on traditional securities exchanges or trading platforms. As a result, this novel trading system may have limited
liquidity, resulting in a lower or higher price or greater volatility than would be the case with greater liquidity. You may not be able
to resell your Common Stock s on a timely basis or at all. 

The
number of securities traded on an ATS may be very small, making the market price more easily manipulated. 

While
we understand that many ATS platforms have adopted policies and procedures such that security holders are not free to manipulate the
trading price of securities contrary to applicable law, and while the risk of market manipulation exists in connection with the trading
of any securities, the risk may be greater for our Common Stock because the ATS we choose may be a closed system that does not have the
same breadth of market and liquidity as the national market system. There can be no assurance that the efforts by an ATS to prevent such
behavior will be sufficient to prevent such market manipulation. 

23 

An
ATS is not a stock exchange and has limited quoting requirements for issuers or for the securities traded. 

Unlike
the more expansive listing requirements, policies and procedures of the Nasdaq Global Market and other trading platforms, there are no
minimum price requirements and limited listing requirements for securities to be traded on an ATS. As a result, trades of our Common
Stock on an ATS may not be at prices that represent the national best bid or offer prices of securities that could be considered similar
securities. 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract
and retain qualified board members. 

As
a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we have not incurred as a private company, including
costs associated with public company reporting requirements. We also will incur costs associated with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act and related rules implemented or to be implemented by the SEC. The expenses incurred by
public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. We expect the rules and regulations
associated with being a public company to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming
and costly, although we are currently unable to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. These laws and regulations could also
make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and
we may be forced to accept constraints on policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These laws
and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board, our board committees
or as our executive officers and may divert management s attention. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as
a public company, we could be subject to delisting of our Common Stock, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially
civil litigation. 

The
preparation of our financial statements involves the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions, and our financial statements may be
materially affected if such estimates, judgments or assumptions prove to be inaccurate. 

Financial
statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP typically require the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. Often, different estimates, judgments
and assumptions could reasonably be used that would have a material effect on such financial statements, and changes in these estimates,
judgments and assumptions may occur from period to period over time. These estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently uncertain
and, if our estimates were to prove to be wrong, we would face the risk that charges to income or other financial statement changes or
adjustments would be required. Any such charges or changes could harm our business, including our financial condition and results of
operations and the price of our securities. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations for a discussion of the accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are the most critical to
an understanding of our consolidated financial statements and our business. 

If
securities industry analysts do not publish research reports on us, or publish unfavorable reports on us, then the market price and market
trading volume of our Common Stock could be negatively affected. 

Any
trading market for our Common Stock will be influenced in part by any research reports that securities industry analysts publish about
us. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by securities industry analysts. If no securities industry analysts
commence coverage of us, the market price and market trading volume of our Common Stock could be negatively affected. In the event we
are covered by analysts, and one or more of such analysts downgrade our securities, or otherwise reports on us unfavorably, or discontinues
coverage or us, the market price and market trading volume of our Common Stock could be negatively affected. 

24 

New
Laws and Regulations. 

From
time to time, various types of federal and state legislation are proposed and new regulations are introduced that could result in additional
regulation of, and restrictions on, the business of consumer lending. We cannot predict whether any such legislation or regulations will
be adopted or how this would affect our business or our important relationships with third parties. In addition, the interpretation of
existing legislation may change or may prove different than anticipated when applied to our business model. Compliance with such requirements
could involve additional costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. As a consequence of the extensive regulation
of commercial lending in the United States, our business is particularly susceptible to being affected by federal and state legislation
and regulations that may increase the cost of doing business. 

Acquisitions
we pursue in our industry and related industries could result in operating difficulties, dilution to our stockholders and other consequences
harmful to our business. 

As
part of our growth strategy, we may selectively pursue strategic acquisitions in our industry and related industries. We may not be able
to consummate such acquisitions, which could adversely impact our growth. If we do consummate acquisitions, integrating an acquired company,
business or technology may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, including: 

increased
 expenses due to transaction and integration costs; 
 
 potential
 liabilities of the acquired businesses; 
 
 potential
 adverse tax and accounting effects of the acquisitions; 
 
 diversion
 of capital and other resources from our existing businesses; 
 
 diversion
 of our management s attention during the acquisition process and any transition periods; 
 
 loss
 of key employees of the acquired businesses following the acquisition; and 
 
 inaccurate
 budgets and projected financial statements due to inaccurate valuation assessments of the
 acquired businesses. 

Our
evaluations of potential acquisitions may not accurately assess the value or prospects of acquisition candidates, and the anticipated
benefits from our future acquisitions may not materialize. In addition, future acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially
dilutive issuances of our equity securities, including our common stock, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization
expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. 

25 

Our
insurance policies are expensive and only protect us from some business risks, which will leave us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 

We
do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter. Some of the policies that we generally maintain include
general liability, automobile and property insurance. We do not know, however, if we will be able to maintain insurance with adequate
levels of coverage. In addition, we do not know if we will be able to obtain and maintain coverage for the business in which we engage.
No assurance can be given that an insurance carrier will not seek to cancel or deny coverage after a claim has occurred. Any significant
uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and business
results. 

The
inability to successfully manage the growth of our business may have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

We
expect to experience growth in the number of employees and the scope of our operations. Such growth will result in increased responsibilities
for our management. If our management is unable to successfully manage expenses in a manner that allows us to both improve operations
and at the same time pursue potential market opportunities, the growth of our business could be adversely impacted, which may, in turn,
negatively affect our operating results or financial condition. In addition, we believe that a critical contributor to our success has
been our creative culture. As we attempt to grow, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture, which
could negatively affect our future success. 

Historical
financial statements may not be reflective of our future results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 

Although
we believe that you have been provided access to all material information necessary to make an informed assessment of our assets and
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects, historical financial statements do not represent what our results
of operations, cash flows, or financial position will be in the future. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

There
currently is only a minimal public market for our common stock. Failure to develop or maintain a trading market could negatively affect
the value of our common stock and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares. 

There
currently is only a minimal public market for shares of our common stock and an active market may never develop. Our common stock is
quoted on the OTC expert market operated by the OTC Market s Group, Inc. under the symbol KDCE . We may not ever be
able to satisfy the listing requirements for our common stock to be listed on any stock exchange, including the trading platforms of
the NASDAQ Stock Market which are often more widely-traded and liquid markets. Some, but not all, of the factors which may delay or prevent
the listing of our common stock on a more widely-traded and liquid market include the following: our stockholders equity may be
insufficient; the market value of our outstanding securities may be too low; our net income from operations may be too low; our common
stock may not be sufficiently widely held; we may not be able to secure market makers for our common stock; and we may fail to meet the
rules and requirements mandated by, any of the several exchanges and markets to have our common stock listed. 

26 

The
market price for our common stock is particularly volatile given our status as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly traded
public float, limited operating history and lack of profits which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable
to sell your common stock at or above your conversion price, which may result in substantial losses to you. 

The
market for our common stock is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our
share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. The volatility in our share price is
attributable to a number of factors. First, as noted above, our common stock are sporadically and thinly traded. As a consequence of
this lack of liquidity, the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately influence the
price of those shares in either direction. The price for our shares could, for example, decline precipitously in the event that a large
number of our common stock are sold on the market without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer which could better absorb
those sales without adverse impact on its share price. Secondly, we are a speculative or risky investment due to our limited
operating history and lack of profits to date, and uncertainty of future market acceptance for our potential products and services. As
a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the
event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts
than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market
price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing
market price for our common stock will be at any time, including as to whether our common stock will sustain their current market prices,
or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability of common stock for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market
price. 

The
application of the penny stock rules could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and increase your transaction
costs to sell those shares. 

The
SEC has adopted rule 3a51-1 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any
equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject
to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15g-9 requires: 

that
 a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, and 
 
 the
 broker or dealer receives from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting
 forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

obtain
 financial information and investment experience objectives of the person, and 
 
 make
 a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person
 and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable
 of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

27 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: 

sets
 forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination, and 
 
 that
 the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the
 transaction. 

Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

The
application of Rule 144 creates some investment risk to potential investors; for example, existing shareholders may be able to rely on
Rule 144 to sell some of their holdings, driving down the price of the shares you purchased. 

The
SEC adopted amendments to Rule 144 which became effective on February 15, 2008 that apply to securities acquired both before and after
that date. Under these amendments, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least six months
would be entitled to sell their securities provided that: (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time
of, or at any time during the three months preceding a sale, (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements
for at least 90 days before the sale and (iii) if the sale occurs prior to satisfaction of a one-year holding period, we provide current
information at the time of sale. 

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of,
or at any time during the three months preceding a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled
to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: 

1 
 of the total number of securities of the same class then outstanding (shares of common stock
 as of the date of this Report); or 
 
 the
 average weekly trading volume of such securities during the four calendar weeks preceding
 the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale; 
 
 provided,
 in each case, that we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for
 at least three months before the sale. Such sales by affiliates must also comply with the
 manner of sale, current public information and notice provisions of Rule 144. 

28 

Risks
Related to Our Acquisition Strategy 

We
can give no assurances as to when we will consummate any other future acquisitions or whether we will consummate any of them at all. 

We
intend to continue to build our business through strategic acquisitions. However, any acquisition is subject to certain closing conditions
and other impediments to closing, including closing the financing and others that are beyond our control, and we may not be able to close
on the terms described herein or at all. See above Business Recent Developments and Initiatives. 

We
intend to pursue and consummate one or more acquisitions and to possibly use Debt Financing, if any, to fund any cash portion of the
consideration we will pay in connection with those acquisitions. However, such acquisitions may be subject to conditions and other impediments
to closing, including some that are beyond our control, and we may not be able to close any of them successfully. In addition, our future
acquisitions will be required to be closed within certain timeframes as negotiated between us and the acquisition target, and if we are
unable to meet the closing deadlines for a given transaction, we may be required to forfeit payments we have made, if any, be forced
to renegotiate the transaction on less advantageous terms and could fail to consummate the transaction at all. 

If
we are unable to close future acquisitions, it could significantly alter our business strategy and impede our prospects for growth. Further,
we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates to replace these acquisitions, and even if we were to do so, we may only
be able to consummate them on less advantageous terms. In addition, some of the businesses we acquire may incur significant losses from
operations, which, in turn, could have a material and adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
may face difficulty in integrating the operations of any businesses we may acquire in the future. However, we will need to integrate
these acquired businesses successfully in order for our growth strategy to succeed and for us to become profitable. We expect that the
management teams of the acquired businesses will adopt our policies, procedures and best practices, and cooperate with each other in
scheduling events, booking talent and in other aspects of their operations. We may face difficulty with the integration of any other
businesses we acquire, such as coordinating geographically dispersed organizations, integrating personnel with disparate business backgrounds
and combining different corporate cultures, the diversion of management s attention from other business concerns, the inherent
risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have either limited or no direct experience; and the potential loss of key
employees, individual service providers, customers and strategic partners of acquired companies. 

Further,
we expect that future target companies may have material weaknesses in internal controls relating to the proper application of accrual
based accounting under the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP prior to our
acquiring them. The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB defines a material weakness as a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We will be relying on the
proper implementation of our policies and procedures to remedy any such material weaknesses, and prevent any potential material misstatements
in our financial reporting. Any such misstatement could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, cause investors to lose
confidence in our reported financial information, and subject us to civil and criminal fines and penalties. If our acquired companies
fail to integrate in these important ways, or we fail to adequately understand the business operations of our acquired companies, our
growth and financial results could suffer. 

29 

We
may enter into acquisitions and take actions in connection with such transactions that could adversely affect our business and results
of operations. 

Our
future growth rate depends in part on our selective acquisition of biopharma, CBD, and other businesses and assets. We may be unable
to identify suitable targets for acquisition or make further acquisitions at favorable prices. If we identify a suitable acquisition
candidate, our ability to successfully complete the acquisition would depend on a variety of factors, and may include our ability to
obtain financing on acceptable terms and requisite government approvals. In addition, any credit agreements or credit facilities that
we may enter into in the future may restrict our ability to make certain acquisitions. In connection with future acquisitions, we could
take certain actions that could adversely affect our business, including: 

using
 a significant portion of our available cash; 
 
 issuing
 equity securities, which would dilute current stockholders percentage ownership; 
 
 incurring
 substantial debt; 
 
 incurring
 or assuming contingent liabilities, known or unknown; 
 
 incurring
 amortization expenses related to intangibles; and 
 
 incurring
 large accounting write-offs or impairments. 

We
may also enter into joint ventures, which involve certain unique risks, including, among others, risks relating to the lack of full control
of the joint venture, potential disagreements with our joint venture partners about how to manage the joint venture, conflicting interests
of the joint venture, requirement to fund the joint venture and its business not being profitable. 

In
addition, we cannot be certain that the due diligence investigation that we conduct with respect to any investment or acquisition opportunity
will reveal or highlight all relevant facts that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity. For example,
instances of fraud, accounting irregularities and other deceptive practices can be difficult to detect. Executive officers, directors
and employees may be named as defendants in litigation involving a company we are acquiring or have acquired. Even if we conduct extensive
due diligence on a particular investment or acquisition, we may fail to uncover all material issues relating to such investment, including
regarding controls and procedures of a particular target or the full scope of its contractual arrangements. We rely on our due diligence
to identify potential liabilities in the businesses we acquire, including such things as potential or actual lawsuits, contractual obligations
or liabilities imposed by government regulation. However, our due diligence process may not uncover these liabilities, and where we identify
a potential liability, we may incorrectly believe that we can consummate the acquisition without subjecting ourselves to that liability.
Therefore, it is possible that we could be subject to litigation in respect of these acquired businesses. If our due diligence fails
to identify issues specific to an investment or acquisition, we may obtain a lower return from that transaction than the investment would
return or otherwise subject ourselves to unexpected liabilities. We may also be forced to write-down or write-off assets, restructure
our operations or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Charges of this nature could contribute
to negative market perceptions about us or our shares of common stock. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently anticipate that we will retain
all of our available cash, if any, for use as working capital and for other general corporate purposes. Any payment of future dividends
will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our earnings, financial condition, capital
requirements, level of indebtedness, statutory and contractual restrictions applying to the payment of dividends and other considerations
that the Board of Directors deems relevant. Investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never
occur, as the only way to realize a return on their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 

30 

We
may enter into acquisitions and take actions in connection with such transactions that could adversely affect our business and results
of operations. 

Our
future growth rate depends in part on our selective acquisition of additional businesses and assets. We may be unable to identify suitable
targets for acquisition or make further acquisitions at favorable prices. If we identify a suitable acquisition candidate, our ability
to successfully complete the acquisition would depend on a variety of factors, and may include our ability to obtain financing on acceptable
terms and requisite government approvals. In addition, any credit agreements or credit facilities that we may enter into in the future
may restrict our ability to make certain acquisitions. In connection with future acquisitions, we could take certain actions that could
adversely affect our business, including: 

using
 a significant portion of our available cash; 

issuing
 equity securities, which would dilute current stockholders percentage ownership; 

incurring
 substantial debt; 

incurring
 or assuming contingent liabilities, known or unknown; 

incurring
 amortization expenses related to intangibles; and 

incurring
 large accounting write-offs or impairments. 

We
may also enter into joint ventures, which involve certain unique risks, including, among others, risks relating to the lack of full control
of the joint venture, potential disagreements with our joint venture partners about how to manage the joint venture, conflicting interests
of the joint venture, requirement to fund the joint venture and its business not being profitable. 

In
addition, we cannot be certain that the due diligence investigation that we conduct with respect to any investment or acquisition opportunity
will reveal or highlight all relevant facts that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity. For example,
instances of fraud, accounting irregularities and other deceptive practices can be difficult to detect. Executive officers, directors
and employees may be named as defendants in litigation involving a company we are acquiring or have acquired. Even if we conduct extensive
due diligence on a particular investment or acquisition, we may fail to uncover all material issues relating to such investment, including
regarding controls and procedures of a particular target or the full scope of its contractual arrangements. We rely on our due diligence
to identify potential liabilities in the businesses we acquire, including such things as potential or actual lawsuits, contractual obligations
or liabilities imposed by government regulation. However, our due diligence process may not uncover these liabilities, and where we identify
a potential liability, we may incorrectly believe that we can consummate the acquisition without subjecting ourselves to that liability.
Therefore, it is possible that we could be subject to litigation in respect of these acquired businesses. If our due diligence fails
to identify issues specific to an investment or acquisition, we may obtain a lower return from that transaction than the investment would
return or otherwise subject ourselves to unexpected liabilities. We may also be forced to write-down or write-off assets, restructure
our operations or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Charges of this nature could contribute
to negative market perceptions about us or our shares of common stock. 

31 

Social
Media Presents Risks. 

The
use of social media could cause us to suffer brand damage or unintended information disclosure. Negative posts or communications about
us on a social networking website could damage our reputation. Further, employees or others may disclose non-public information regarding
us or our business or otherwise make negative comments regarding us on social networking or other websites, which could adversely affect
our business and results of operations. As social media evolves we will be presented with new risks and challenges. 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were no unresolved SEC comments issued to the Company. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

The
Company currently office space provided gratis by Video River Networks, Inc., located at 370 Amapola Ave., Suite 200A, Torrance, CA 90501
as our corporate headquarters. The office space is not subject to a lease. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have not sought to
move or change our office site. Additional space may be required as we expand our operations. We currently do not own any real property.

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of the operation of our business in the normal course of
business. Other than as described below, as of the date of this filing we are not aware of potential dispute or pending litigation and
are not currently involved in a litigation proceeding or governmental actions the outcome of which in management s opinion would
be material to our financial condition or results of operations. An adverse result in these or other matters may have, individually or
in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was no material proceeding to which any of our directors, officers, affiliates or stockholders is a party
adverse to us. During the past ten years, no present director, executive officer or person nominated to become a director or an executive
officer of us: 

32 

(1)
had a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
officer appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or
within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or
within ten years before the time of such filing; 

(2)
was convicted in a criminal proceeding or subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

(3)
was subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any of the following activities: 

i.
acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing,
or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment
company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection
with such activity; 

ii.
engaging in any type of business practice; or 

iii.
engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of
federal or state securities laws or federal commodities laws; or 

(4)
was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of an federal or state authority barring,
suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (3)
(i), above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; or 

(5)
was found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and for which the judgment has not been reversed, suspended
or vacated. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

33 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Common
Stock 

We
are authorized to issue 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, with 0.00001 par value per share and 1,000,000 preferred shares, with
 0.00001 par value. As of December 31, 2022, there were 100,000 shares of preferred shares and 22,324,706 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding held by 53 stockholders of record. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTC s Pink-Market under the symbol KDCE . Trading in stocks quoted on the
OTC s Pink-Market, a private market to serve broker-dealer pricing and best execution needs in securities that are restricted
from public quoting or trading, is often difficult, thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many
factors that may have little to do with a company s operations or business prospects. We cannot assure you that you could currently
be able to find buyers or sellers of our stocks on the expert-market. We cannot assure you there will be a market for our common stock
in the future. 

The
market prices noted below were obtained from the OTC market and reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission
and may not represent actual transactions. 

For
the periods indicated, the following table sets forth the high and low bid prices per share of common stock based on inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

Fiscal Year Ended on December 31, 2022 
 High Bid 
 Low Bid 
 
 1 st Quarter 
 0.0004 
 0.0004 
 
 2 nd Quarter 
 0.0004 
 0.0004 
 
 3 rd Quarter 
 0.0004 
 0.0004 
 
 4 th Quarter 
 0.0004 
 0.0004 

34 

Fiscal Year Ended on December 31, 2021 
 High Bid 
 Low Bid 
 
 1 st Quarter 
 0.3000 
 0.0001 
 
 2 nd Quarter 
 0.0020 
 0.0010 
 
 3 rd Quarter 
 0.0020 
 0.0020 
 
 4 th Quarter 
 0.0050 
 0.0013 

Fiscal Year Ended on December 31, 2020 
 High Bid 
 Low Bid 
 
 1 st Quarter 
 0.0055 
 0.0050 
 
 2 nd Quarter 
 0.0055 
 0.0055 
 
 3 rd Quarter 
 0.0100 
 0.0055 
 
 4 th Quarter 
 2.5000 
 0.0100 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 53 shareholders of record. The Company has never paid any dividends on its common
stock and does not have any plans to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Recent
Sale of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

Not
applicable. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable. 

35 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

This
report contains certain forward-looking statements and information relating to us that are based on the beliefs and assumptions made
by our management as well as information currently available to the management. When used in this document, the words anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, expect, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties,
and assumptions. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results
may vary materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated, or expected. 

You
should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations together with the audited consolidated financial
statements and notes to the financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations,
estimates, assumptions and projections about our industry, business and future financial results. Our actual results could differ materially
from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed under Item
1A. Risk Factors and other sections in this Annual Report. 

General 

The
following discussion highlights Kid Castle results of operations and the principal factors that have affected our financial condition
as well as our liquidity and capital resources for the periods described and provides information that management believes is relevant
for an assessment and understanding of the statements of financial condition and results of operations presented herein. The following
discussion and analysis are based on our audited Financial Report, which we have prepared in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles. You should read this discussion and analysis together with such financial statements and the related
notes thereto. 

Kid
Castle Educational Corporation, a Delaware corporation, Kid Castle, the Company, We, KDCE, 
 Us or Our operates and manages a portfolio of real estate properties, digital assets, and other in-demand
properties. Kid Castle engages in rollup and consolidation of real estate, Biopharma and digital economy assets and operations. 

The
Company changed its CBD-focused business after selling Cannabinoid Biosciences, Inc. in April 2021, to refocus on acquisition and management
of businesses and assets in real estate, Biopharma and digital economy. As the subsidiary of Video River Networks, Inc. (NIHK), the Company s
business plan is to help NIHK to achieve its business plan. The Company therefore will focus on rolling up Artificial Intelligence, Machine
Learning, Robotics, and digital assets and businesses in North America. 

Our
vision is to acquire and rollup profitable Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotics, and digital assets across the United
States of America. There is no guarantee that we could successfully make any acquisition or rollup. Our mission as stated above is only
a guiding principle as we start our acquisition. We have never made any big acquisition prior to this moment. Although we have a theoretical
picture of what our mission called for, none of our staff have ever done it previously. 

36 

Our
principal business objective is to maximize stockholder returns through a combination of (1) acquisition and rollup of profitable Artificial
Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotics, and digital assets across the United States of America (2) sustainable long-term growth in
cash flows from increased profits, which we hope to pass on to stockholders in the form of distributions, and (3) potential long-term
appreciation in the value of our businesses through process optimization and financial engineering. However, because of COVID-19, we
were unable to obtain the financing necessary to make the acquisition of the businesses we needed to acquire. There is no guarantee that
we could be able to acquire one or more in the future. In addition, there is no guarantee that viable businesses would still be available
to us to acquire in the future, or at reasonable price. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
audited financial statements for our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include a summary of our significant accounting policies
and should be read in conjunction with the discussion below. In the opinion of management, all material adjustments necessary to present
fairly the results of operations for such periods have been included in these audited financial statements. All such adjustments are
of a normal recurring nature. 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, in which the Company has a controlling voting
interest and entities consolidated under the variable interest entities VIE provisions of ASC 810, Consolidation ASC 810 ). Inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

ASC
810 requires that the investor with the controlling financial interest should consolidate the investee/affiliate. ASC 810-10 requires
that an equity interest investor consolidates a VIE when it retains an investment in the entity, is considered a variable interest investor
in the entity, and is the primary beneficiary of the entity. An investor in a VIE is a variable interest beneficiary when,
per an arrangement s governing documents, the investor will absorb a portion of the VIE s expected losses or will receive
a portion of the entity s residual returns. The variable interest beneficiary retaining a controlling financial interest
in the VIE is designated as its primary beneficiary and must consolidate the VIE. A variable interest beneficiary retains
a controlling financial interest in a VIE when that beneficiary retains the power to direct the activities of the VIE that
have the greatest influence over the VIE s economic performance and retains an obligation to absorb the VIE s significant
losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 

37 

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company therefore include the 12 months operating results of the all wholly owned subsidiaries
of Alpharidge Capital LLC. Alpharidge ), Community Economic Development Capital, LLC. CED Capital ), and
the balance sheet represent the financial position as at 12/31/2021 of the Company which excludes GiveMePower and its subsidiaries, but
Alpharidge Capital LLC and Others subsidiaries in which Kid Castle has a controlling voting interest and entities consolidated under
the variable interest entities VIE provisions of ASC 810, Consolidation ASC 810 ), after
elimination of intercompany transactions and accounts. 

Overview 

Corporate
History 

On
October 21, 2019, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement dated October 2, 2019, Cannabinoid Biosciences, Inc., a California corporation,
purchased one (1) million shares of its preferred shares (one preferred share is convertible 1,000 share of common stocks) of the Company,
representing 97.82 of our total issued and outstanding voting shares of common stock and preferred stock. Simultaneously with the purchase,
the officers and directors of the Company resigned. Frank I Igwealor, Chairman and CEO, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director; Patience
C Ogbozor, Director; and Dr. Solomon SK Mbagwu, MD, Director, were elected to replace them. Following the share sales to Cannabinoid
Biosciences, Inc., the purchaser converted 900,000 of the preferred shares for 900,000,000 shares of the Company s current outstanding
shares of common stock. 

Following
the consummation of the October 21, 2019 transactions, the Company decided to restart filing important information immediately. The Company
used the Form 10-12(g) to register its common stock with the SEC. 

On
September 15, 2020, Kid Castle Educational Corporation (the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with certain
corporation related to our President and CEO with respect to the private placement of 900,000 shares of its preferred stock at a purchase
price of 3 in cash and a transfer of 100 interest in, and control of Community Economic Development Capital, LLC (a California Limited
Liability Company). The shares were issued to the investors without registration under the Securities Act of 1933 based upon exemptions
from registration provided under Section 4(2) of the Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The issuances did not involve any public
offering; no general solicitation or general advertising was used in connection with the offering. Community Economic Development Capital,
is a specialty real estate holding company for specialized assets including, affordable housing, opportunity zones properties, medical
real estate investments, related commercial facilities, industrial and commercial real estate, and other real estate related services. 

38 

Similarly,
on September 16, 2020, as part of its purchase of unregistered securities from certain corporation related to our President and CEO,
the Company, received 3.00 in cash and 1,000,000 shares of its preferred stock, and in exchange transferred 100 interest in, and control
of Community Economic Development Capital, LLC CED Capital ), a California Limited Liability Company, and 97 of the issued
and outstanding shares of Cannabinoid Biosciences, Inc. CBDX ), to GiveMePower Corporation, a Nevada corporation. This
transaction gave the Company 88 of the voting control of GiveMePower. 

On
April 21, 2021, the Company sold Cannabinoid Biosciences, Inc. CBDX ), a California corporation, to Premier Information
Management, Inc. for 1 in cash. As further consideration pursuant to the stated sales, CBDX returned Kid Castle Educational Inc., the
parent Company of GMPW, the 100,000 shares of KDCE preferred stock and 900,000,000 shares of KDCE common stock that CBDX bought in October
of 2019. Pursuant to the April 21, 2021 transaction, CBDX ceased from being a subsidiary of GMPW, effective April 1, 2021. 

On
December 30, 2021, in exchange for its 87 control block in GiveMePower Corporation, the Company received 100 stake in Alpharidge Capital
LLC from GiveMePower, in a cashless transaction, resulting in each public company going its separate way and an independent company. 

Strategy 

As
the subsidiary of Video River Networks, Inc. (NIHK), the Company s business plan is to help NIHK to achieve its business plan.
The Company therefore will focus on rolling up Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotics, and digital assets and businesses
in North America. 

Our
vision is to acquire and rollup profitable Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotics, and digital assets across the United
States of America. There is no guarantee that we could successfully make any acquisition or rollup. Our mission as stated above is only
a guiding principle as we start our acquisition. We have never made any big acquisition prior to this moment. Although we have a theoretical
picture of what our mission called for, none of our staff have ever done it previously. 

39 

Plan
of Operations for the Next Twelve Months 

Kid
Castle will need approximately 1,500,000 to sustain operations for the next 12 months. Our plan is to achieve meaningful revenue from
acquisitions of profitable rollup of Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotics, and digital assets businesses that meet our
operating needs. However, we may not be able to increase our revenue sufficiently to meet these needs in time. It is also unlikely that
we will be able to generate 1,500,000 in net income to satisfy all of our obligations and cover our operating cost for the next 12 months.
Our ability to continue operations will be dependent upon the successfully long-term or permanent capital in form of equity financing,
the support of creditors and shareholders, and, ultimately, the achievement of profitable operations. There can be no assurances that
we will be successful, which would in turn significantly affect our ability to be successful in our new business plan. If not, we will
likely be required to reduce operations or liquidate assets. We will continue to evaluate our projected expenditures relative to our
available cash and to seek additional means of financing in order to satisfy our working capital and other cash requirements. 

We
intend to implement the following tasks within the next twelve months: 

1. Month
 1-3: Phase 1 (1-3 months in duration; 600,000 to 1 million in estimated fund receipt) 

a. Hire
 2 business development manager and officer manager to implement our business plan. 

b. Acquire
 and consolidate stakes in the operations of at least two select Ai, Machine Learning, Robotics,
 and digital assets and biopharma businesses. 

2. Month
 3-6 Phase 2 (1-3 months in duration; cost control, process improvements, admin management.). 

a. Integrate
 acquired business into the Company s model consolidate the operations of the
 businesses including integration of their accounting and finance systems, synchronization
 of their operating systems, and harmonization of their human resources functions. 

b. Complete
 and file quarterly reports and other required filings for the quarter 

3. Month
 6-9: Phase 3 (1-3 months in duration; 600,000 to 900,000 in estimated fund receipt) 

a. Identify
 and acquire complementary/similar businesses or assets in the target market 

4. Month
 9-12: Phase 4 (1-3 months duration; use acquired businesses free cash flow for more
 acquisitions) 

a. Run
 the businesses efficiently, giving employees a conducive and friendly workplace and add value
 to investors and shareholders by identifying and reducing excesses and also identifying and
 executing growth strategies 

b. Acquire
 more businesses that are below their book-value or undervalued businesses, restructure the
 businesses, and sell the businesses for profit or hold them for cash flow. 

5. Operating
 expenses during the twelve months would be as follows: 

a. For
 the six months through July 28, 2022, we anticipate to incur general and other operating
 expenses of 388,000. 

b. For
 the six months through February 27, 2023 we anticipate to incur additional general and other
 operating expenses of 378,000. 

40 

The
execution of our current plan of operations requires us to raise significant additional capital immediately. If we are successful in
raising capital through the sale of shares or borrowing, we believe that the Company will have sufficient cash resources to fund its
plan of operations for the next twelve months. 

If
we are unable to do so, our ability to continue as a going concern will be in jeopardy, likely causing us to curtail and possibly cease
operations. 

We
continually evaluate our plan of operations discussed above to determine the manner in which we can most effectively utilize our limited
cash resources. The timing of completion of any aspect of our plan of operations is highly dependent upon the availability of cash to
implement that aspect of the plan and other factors beyond our control. There is no assurance that we will successfully obtain the required
capital or revenues, or, if obtained, that the amounts will be sufficient to fund our ongoing operations. The inability to secure additional
capital would have a material adverse effect on us, including the possibility that we would have to sell or forego a portion or all of
our assets or cease operations. If we discontinue our operations, we will not have sufficient funds to pay any amounts to our stockholders. 

Even
if we raise additional capital in the near future, if our current business plan is not successfully executed, our ability to fund our
biopharmaceutical research and development, or our financial product deployment and services efforts would likely be seriously impaired.
The ability of a biopharmaceutical research and development business and continuing operations is conditioned upon moving the development
of products and services toward commercialization. If in the future we are not able to demonstrate adequate progress in the development
and commercialization of our product, we will not be able to raise the capital we need to continue our business operations and business
activities, and we will likely not have sufficient liquidity or cash resources to continue operating. 

Because
our working capital requirements depend upon numerous factors there can be no assurance that our current cash resources will be sufficient
to fund our operations. At present, we have no committed external sources of capital, and do not expect any significant product revenues
for the foreseeable future. Thus, we will require immediate additional financing to fund future operations. There can be no assurance,
however, that we will be able to obtain funds on acceptable terms, if at all. 

MERGERS
AND ACQUISITION 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, in which the Company has a controlling voting
interest and entities consolidated under the variable interest entities VIE provisions of ASC 810, Consolidation ASC 810 ). Inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

We
used the acquisition method of accounting (also known as business combination accounting) for acquisition of subsidiaries by the Group
method to account for the purchase of businesses. The cost of the acquisition was measured as the fair value of the assets given, equity
instruments issued and liabilities incurred or assumed at the date of exchange. 

41 

Critical
Accounting Policies, Estimates and New Accounting Pronouncements 

Management s
discussion and analysis of its financial condition and plan of operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements
requires that we make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. At each balance sheet date, management evaluates its estimates. We base our estimates
on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The estimates and critical accounting policies that are most
important in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations include those stated in our financial
statements and those listed below: 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As shown in the accompanying
financial statements, we had limited/insignificant cash flows from operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
These conditions raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. Management intends to finance these deficits by
making additional shareholder notes and seeking additional outside financing through either debt or sales of its Common Stock. 

Recently
Adopted Accounting Standards 

Leases 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). This ASU requires lessees to recognize a lease liability, on a discounted
basis, and a right-of-use asset for substantially all leases, as well as additional disclosures regarding leasing arrangements. In July
2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-11, Leases (Topic 842), which provides an optional transition method of applying the new lease standard. 

In
considering its qualitative disclosure obligations under ASC 842-20-50-3, the Company determined that it has no leases subject to treatment
under ASC 842-20-50-3. 

The
adoption of this guidance resulted in no significant impact to our results of operations or cash flows. 

42 

Revenue
Recognition 

For
annual reporting periods after December 15, 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB made effective ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers to supersede previous revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. Revenue
is now recognized in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 606, Revenue Recognition. The guidance presents a single five-step model for comprehensive
revenue recognition that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Two options
are available for implementation of the standard which is either the retrospective approach or cumulative effect adjustment approach.
The guidance became effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting
period, with early adoption permitted. As we have no operations at this time that generate revenue, we determined that upon adoption
of ASC 606 there were no adjustments converting from ASC 605 to ASC 606. 

Entrepreneurship
Development Initiative Revenue: 

Alpharidge
Capital LLC, an operating subsidiary of the Company operates an Entrepreneurship Development Initiative through which it acquires abandoned
shell companies that are listed on the OTC expert market with the goal of cleaning them up and deploying them into the capital markets
for possible merger/acquisition to small businesses that are looking for vehicles to help boost their businesses and create jobs for
their family and friends. Alpharidge s process flows as follows: (1) The acquisition of control of abandoned shell/pubco through
cash-purchase of custodianship process. All shells/pubcos acquired are held in the name of Alpharidge or one of its affiliates; (2) Alpharidge
cleanse and revives the shell/pubcos; (3) Alpharidge issues control-block-shares of the pubco to CED Capital an affiliate company, to
hold in trust for Alpharidge. (4) CED sells the control-block-shares of the pubco to buyers in exchange for cash or notes. The cash component
goes to Alpharidge immediately, while the note is simultaneously assigned to Alpharidge; and (5) Alpharidge releases control of the pubco
to the new buyer and recognize the revenue from the sale done on its behalf by CED Capital. As at December 31, 2022 the Company recognized
 4,850,408 in Entrepreneurship Development Initiative Revenue consisting of 4,655,033 from shell/pubco sales and 195,376 from accrued
interest. 

Income
Taxes 

We
recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial
statements or tax returns in accordance with applicable accounting guidance for accounting for income taxes, using currently enacted
tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We record a valuation allowance when necessary to
reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. For the year ended December 31, 2022and December 31, 2020, we had no
liabilities related to federal or state income taxes and the carrying value of our deferred tax asset was zero. 

Loss
Contingencies 

Consistent
with ASC 450-20-50-1C, if the Company determines that there is a reasonable possibility that a material loss may have been incurred,
or is reasonably estimable, regardless of whether the Company accrued for such a loss (or any portion of that loss), the Company will
confer with its legal counsel, consistent with ASC 450. If the material loss is determinable or reasonably estimable, the Company will
record it in its accounts and as a liability on the balance sheet. If the Company determines that such an estimate cannot be made, the
Company s policy is to disclose a demonstration of its attempt to estimate the loss or range of losses before concluding that an
estimate cannot be made, and to disclose it in the notes to the financial statements under Contingent Liabilities. 

43 

Net
Income (Loss) Per Common Share 

We
report net income (loss) per common share in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share. This statement requires dual
presentation of basic and diluted earnings with a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the earnings per share computations.
Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number
of shares of common stock outstanding during the period and excludes the effects of any potentially dilutive securities. Diluted net
income (loss) per share gives effect to any dilutive potential common stock outstanding during the period. The computation does not assume
conversion, exercise or contingent exercise of securities that would have an anti-dilutive effect on earnings. 

Related
Party Transactions 

We
follow ASC subtopic 850-10, Related Party Transactions, for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related
party transactions. 

Pursuant
to ASC 850-10-20, related parties include: a) affiliates of the Company; b) entities for which investments in their equity securities
would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15,
to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing
trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d) principal owners of the Company; e) management of the Company;
f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies
of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and
g) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership
interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting
parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 

Material
related party transactions are required to be disclosed in the financial statements, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances,
and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation
of or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a) the nature of the relationship(s)
involved; b) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each
of the periods for which statements of operation are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the
effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which statements
of operations are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period;
and d) amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms
and manner of settlement. 

44 

Revenue,
Assets and Liabilities of Consolidated Subsidiary and Financial Statement Relationship 

Kid
Castle Educational Corporation. is 81.755 owned and controlled by Video River Networks, Inc. Because of the consolidated subsidiary
relationship between these two companies, the singular Revenue, Assets and Liabilities recognized and disclosed on the financial statements
of Kid Castle Educational Corporation are also recognized and disclosed on the financial statements of Video River Networks, Inc. pursuant
to ASC 810. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of Fiscal Years 2022 and 2021 

Our
financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going
concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

Revenues
 The Company recorded 3,866,539 in revenue for the fiscal year ended December 2022 as compared to 7,477,882 revenue for
the fiscal year ended December 2021. 

Operating
Expenses Our general and administrative expenses were 1,734,148 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, versus 309,963
for the same period in 2021. 

Net
Income The Company recorded net income of 767,976 for the fiscal year ended December 2022 as compared to a net income of
 2,206,953 for the fiscal year ended December 2021. 

Accumulated
Deficit As at December 31, 2022, we have accumulated deficit of 4,643,217 compared to accumulated deficit of 5,409,541as at
December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash
and Cash Equivalent As at December 31, 2022, we had 64,434 cash on hand compared to 601,042 as at December 31, 2021. 

Other
Current Assets Inventory and Receivables - As at December 31, 2022, we had 143,198 in account other current assets
compared to 446,050 as at December 31, 2021. 

Related
parties liabilities - As at December 31, 2022, we had 419,979 balance from advances from related compared to 588,859 as at December
31, 2021. 

45 

We
anticipate that our cash position is sufficient to fund current operations. We believe that our capital resources, including cash on
hand, cash generated from operations, and available capacity on our credit facility, will provide us with sufficient liquidity to meet
our strategic objectives, maintain current operations and execute the capital program for the next 12 months and beyond, given current
oil price trends and production levels. In accordance with our investment policy, available cash balances are held in our primary cash
management banks or tradable securities for short-term liquidity. We believe that our current financial position provides us the flexibility
to respond to both internal growth opportunities and those available through acquisitions. 

Since
2019, all of our operations have been financed through advances from a company controlled by our president and CEO. As of December 31,
2022, the company controlled by our president and CEO has loaned 419,979 to us, pursuant to a Line of Credit Agreements to advance or
loan any additional funds to us in the future. We have not yet achieved significant profitability. We expect that our general and administrative
expenses will continue to increase and, as a result, we will need to generate significant revenues to achieve significant profitability.
We may never achieve significant profitability. Future financing of our operation depends largely on our controlling shareholder, Mr.
Igwealor, advancing most or all of our operating budget. 

We
will now be obligated to file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board have imposed various requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. We expect
these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities of ours more time- consuming
and costly. In order to meet the needs to comply with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act, we will need investment of capital. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K promulgated
by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are exposed to market risk, including changes in certain interest rates. All of these market risks arise in the normal course of business,
as we do not engage in speculative trading activities. We have not entered into derivative or hedging transactions to manage risk in
connection with such fluctuations. 

This
analysis does not take into consideration the effect of changes in the level of overall economic activity on interest rate fluctuations. 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
consolidated financial statements of Kid Castle including the notes thereto, are presented beginning at page F-1 and are incorporated
by reference herein. 

46 

KID CASTLE EDUCATIONAL CORPORATION 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DEC. 31, 2022 and 2021 

47 

KID
CASTLE EDUCATIONAL CORPORATION 

 FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 C
O N T E N T S 

PAGE 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 

BALANCE
 SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

STATEMENTS
 OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

STATEMENTS
 OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

NOTES
 TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7
 F-25 

48 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors Kid Castle Educational Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kid Castle Educational Corporation (the Company as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The
Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of
our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The
Company s financial statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which
contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated
deficit of 4,643,217 for the year ended December 31, 2022. These factors as discussed in Note 2 of the financial statements raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also
described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these
 uncertainties. 

F- 1 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosure that are material to the financial statements and (2) involve especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on
the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit maters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue
 recognition 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, t he revenue related to the sale of an asset called Entrepreneurship
Development Initiative [EDI] sale of trading securities are particularly outside of the intended nature of operations of
 Kid Castle Educational Corporation (KDCE). 

We
identified the Company s revenue recognition policy for revenue generated by the sale of Entrepreneurship Development Initiative
[EDI] sale of trading securities as a critical audit matter. 

The
procedures performed to address the mater included; obtaining and reviewing legal documents for each transaction, examining the support
for the consideration received to ensure proper valuation and evaluating if the assets sold constitute a business as defined by generally
accepted accounting principles, and obtaining independent verification of the securities fair market value. 

Related
party transactions: 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, Kid Castle Educational Corporation (KDCE) has significant
related party transactions affecting the assets and liabilities of the company. 

We
identified the Company s related party transactions as a critical audit matter because, it is a significant in amount which is
follows: 

During
the period under review, the Company sold nine of its EDI Notes and one Mortgage Note to Los Angeles Community Capital (LA Community
Capital), a Company controlled by the our President and CEO, in exchange for long-term debt owed to LA Community Capital and its affiliates.
The EDI Notes were sold at their face (stated) amount without discount and the Mortgage Note was sold at face (stated) amount plus accrued
interest. The EDI Notes has a total face amount of 3.5 million while the Mortgage Notes has a face amount of 2.2 million and accrued
interest total of 0.11 million as at December 30, 2022, the date of the sale/purchase transaction. 

The
procedures performed to address the matter included; (1) obtaining and reviewing legal documents for each transaction, (2) examining
the purposes of the related transactions (3) review the support to ensure proper recording (4)
evaluating if the related party transactions constitute an arm-length transaction in business as defined by generally accepted
accounting principles and (5) discussed with the Company s management the full disclosures of the
matter. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

 April
14, 2023 

F- 2 

KID
CASTLE EDUCATIONAL CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments - trading securities 

Total Current Assets 

Accrued Interest Receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Investments - unrelated parties 
 
 - 
 
 Fixed assets - net 

Notes Receivable Entrepreneurship Development 

Long term Notes Receivable - related parties 

Mortgage Notes Receivable - related parties 
 - 

Long term Investments - related parties 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accrued expenses 

Marginal loan payable 
 - 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-Term Liabilities: 

Notes payable - net of current portion 

Line of credit - related party, net of current portion 
 - 

Total Long-Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as at and December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements 

F- 3 

KID
CASTLE EDUCATIONAL CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Entrepreneurship Development 

Principal transations - Net 

Total Revenue 

Cost of goods sold: 

Entrepreneurship Development 

Licensing Fees 
 - 

Total cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Professional fees 

Advertising and promotions 

Interest expense 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other Income 

Dividends 

Unrealized gain (loss) 

Net Income 

Earnings (loss) per Share: Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding: Basic and Diluted 

The
accompanying notes to audited condensed consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

KID
CASTLE EDUCATIONAL CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Shares 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Additional 

Common 
 Preferred 
 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at December 31, 2008 - 
 - 

Reverse Split in 2009 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2018 - 
 - 

Common stock issued to settle debt and employee compensation - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Preferred stock conversion 

- 
 - 

Preferred shares issued 

Acquisition of business 

Net (income) loss - 
 - - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2019 - 
 - 

Preferred shares issued 

Net (income) loss - 
 - - 

Balance, December 31, 2020 - 
 - 

Common shares cancelled 

Acquisition Dispositions - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 - 
 - 

Business disposition 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income - 
 - - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) - 
 - - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

KID
CASTLE EDUCATIONAL CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASHFLOWS 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Income (Loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Inventory Asset:Trading Securities 

Accrued expenses 

Depreciation 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Net Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investments - net 
 
 - 
 
 Lingstar Electric Vehicles Invt 

Crypto Currency Mining Rigs 

Long term Investments 

Fixed Assets - other 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Net Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Borrowing from brokerage loan - margin loan 

Notes payable - related party 

Notes payable - Entrepreneurship Development 

Mortgage payable/receivable 

Notes payable - unrelated party 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash: 

Cash at the beginning of the period: 

Cash at the end of the period: 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid during the period for: 

Cash paid for interest 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

Notes
to Audited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

On
October 21, 2019, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement dated October 2, 2019, Cannabinoid Biosciences, Inc., a California corporation,
purchased one million shares of its preferred shares of the Company,
representing of our total issued and outstanding voting shares of common stock and preferred stock. Simultaneously with the purchase,
the officers and directors of the Company resigned. Frank I Igwealor, Chairman and CEO, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director; Patience
C Ogbozor, Director; and Dr. Solomon SK Mbagwu, MD, Director, were elected to replace them. Following the share sales to Cannabinoid
Biosciences, Inc., the purchaser converted of the preferred shares for shares of the Company s current outstanding
shares of common stock. 

Following
the consummation of the October 21, 2019 transactions, the Company decided to restart filing important information immediately. The Company
used the Form 10-12(g) to register its common stock with the SEC. 

On
September 15, 2020, Kid Castle Educational Corporation (the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with certain
corporation related to our President and CEO with respect to the private placement of shares of its preferred stock at a purchase
price of in cash and a transfer of interest in, and control of Community Economic Development Capital, LLC (a California Limited
Liability Company). The shares were issued to the investors without registration under the Securities Act of 1933 based upon exemptions
from registration provided under Section 4(2) of the Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The issuance did not involve any public
offering; no general solicitation or general advertising was used in connection with the offering. Community Economic Development Capital,
is a specialty real estate holding company for specialized assets including, affordable housing, opportunity zones properties, medical
real estate investments, related commercial facilities, industrial and commercial real estate, and other real estate related services. 

Similarly,
on September 16, 2020, as part of its purchase of unregistered securities from certain corporation related to our President and CEO,
the Company, received in cash and shares of its preferred stock, and in exchange transferred interest in, and control
of Community Economic Development Capital, LLC CED Capital ), a California Limited Liability Company, and of the issued
and outstanding shares of Cannabinoid Biosciences, Inc. CBDX ), to GiveMePower Corporation, a Nevada corporation. This
transaction gave the Company of the voting control of GiveMePower. 

On
April 21, 2021, the Company sold Cannabinoid Biosciences, Inc. CBDX ), a California corporation, to Premier Information
Management, Inc. for in cash. As further consideration pursuant to the stated sales, CBDX returned Kid Castle Educational Inc., the
parent Company of GMPW, the shares of KDCE preferred stock and shares of KDCE common stock that CBDX bought in October
of 2019. Pursuant to the April 21, 2021 transaction, CBDX ceased from being a subsidiary of GMPW, effective April 1, 2021. 

On
December 30, 2021, in exchange for its control block in GiveMePower Corporation, the Company received stake in Alpharidge Capital
LLC from GiveMePower, in a cashless transaction, resulting in each public company going its separate way as an independent company. 

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company therefore include the 12 months operating results of the all wholly owned subsidiaries
of Alpharidge Capital LLC. Alpharidge ), and the balance sheet represent the financial position as at 12/31/2022 of the
Company which excludes GiveMePower and its subsidiaries, but Alpharidge Capital LLC and Others subsidiaries in which Kid Castle has a
controlling voting interest and entities consolidated under the variable interest entities VIE provisions of ASC 810,
 Consolidation ASC 810 ), after elimination of intercompany transactions and accounts. 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, in which the Company has a controlling voting
interest and entities consolidated under the variable interest entities VIE provisions of ASC 810, Consolidation ASC 810 ). Inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

ASC
810 requires that the investor with the controlling financial interest should consolidate the investee/affiliate. ASC 810-10 requires
that an equity interest investor consolidates a VIE when it retains an investment in the entity, is considered a variable interest investor
in the entity, and is the primary beneficiary of the entity. An investor in a VIE is a variable interest beneficiary when,
per an arrangement s governing documents, the investor will absorb a portion of the VIE s expected losses or will receive
a portion of the entity s residual returns. The variable interest beneficiary retaining a controlling financial interest
in the VIE is designated as its primary beneficiary and must consolidate the VIE. A variable interest beneficiary retains
a controlling financial interest in a VIE when that beneficiary retains the power to direct the activities of the VIE that
have the greatest influence over the VIE s economic performance and retains an obligation to absorb the VIE s significant
losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 

and an accumulated deficit of as of December 31, 2022. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to
reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to
raise additional debt or equity funding to meet our ongoing operating expenses and ultimately in merging with another entity with experienced
management and profitable operations. No assurances can be given that we will be successful in achieving these objectives. 

to ownership)
are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Operating results of acquired businesses are included in the Consolidated Statements
of Income from the date of acquisition. We consolidate variable interest entities if we have operational and financial control, and are
deemed to be the > beneficiary of the profit and loss of the entity. Operating results for variable interest entities in which
we are determined to be the primary beneficiary are included in the Consolidated Statements of Income from the date such determination
is made. For convenience and ease of reference, we refer to the financial statement caption Income before Income Taxes and Equity
Income as pre-tax income throughout the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

and balance of cash equivalents respectively. 

Our
financial instruments consist of accounts payable and accruals and our accruals- related parties. The carrying amount of the out accounts
payable and accruals, accruals- related parties and loans related parties approximates their fair values because of the short-term
maturities of these instruments. 

- 
 - 

Investments trading securities December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 - 

of equity of the shares of any public companies
as investments as of December 31, 2022. 

All
investments that are listed on a securities exchange are valued at their last sales price on the primary securities exchange on which
such securities are traded on such date. Securities that are not listed on any exchange but are traded over-the-counter are valued at
the mean between the last bid and ask price for such security on such date. The Company does not have any
investment securities for which market quotes are not readily available. 

The
Company s trading securities are held by a third-party brokerage firm, and composed of publicly traded companies with readily available
fair value which are quoted prices in active markets. 

million while the Mortgage Notes has a face amount of million and accrued interest total of million
as at December 30, 2022, the date of the sale/purchase transaction. 

owned and controlled by Video River Networks, Inc. Because of the consolidated subsidiary relationship
between these two public companies, the singular Revenue, Assets and Liabilities recognized and disclosed on the financial statements
of Kid Castle Educational Corporation are also recognized and disclosed on the financial statements of Video River Networks, Inc. pursuant
to ASC 810. 

accrued interest or penalties on unrecognized tax benefits. 

The
provision for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities,
and for operating losses and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted
tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. We record
a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized. 

consisting net principal transaction, and
 from the Entrepreneurship Development Initiative, and in Interest income respectively. 

compared to it spent in year ended December 31, 2021. 

. The Company has not experienced any losses with regard to its bank accounts and believes it is
not exposed to any risk of loss on its cash bank accounts. It is possible that at times, the company s cash and cash equivalents
with a particular financial institution may exceed any applicable government insurance limits. In such situation, the Company s
management would assess the financial strength and credit worthiness of any parties to which it extends funds, and as such, it believes
that any associated credit risk exposures would be addressed and mitigated. 

on rent which was paid to sublet office space
for the company operations. 

From
time to time, the Company may be involved in certain legal actions and claims arising in the normal course of business. Management is
of the opinion that such matters will be resolved without material effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
were not subject to any contractual obligations as at December 31, 2022. 

Net income from trading securities 

with interest per annum with unpaid principal balance and accrued
 interest payable on the maturity date. 

Total Line of credit - related party 

Less: current portion 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Long-term Line of credit - related party 

Los
Angeles Community Capital - 1,500,000 line of credit 

On
May 5, 2020, the Company amended its line of credit agreement to increase it to the amount of with maturity date of . The line of credit bears interest at per annum and interest and unpaid principal balance is payable on the maturity date. The
Company has unused line of credit of as of December 31, 2022. 

Dividends 

Adjusted Net income attribution to stockholders 

Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding 

Basic and Diluted 

Net income per share 

Basic and Diluted 

The
Company has not taken a tax position that, if challenged, would have a material effect on the financial statements as of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 as defined under ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes. We did not recognize any adjustment to
the liability for uncertain tax position and therefore did not record any adjustment to the beginning balance of the accumulated deficit
on the balance sheet. 

State income taxes 

Permanent differences 
 - 

Valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets 
 - 

Effective rate 
 
 - 
 - 

Total deferred income tax asset 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total deferred income tax asset 
 - 
 - 

The
Company has recorded as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, a valuation allowance of and respectively,
as it believes that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized in future years. Management has based
its assessment on the Company s lack of profitable operating history. 

The
valuation allowance as at December 31, 2021 decreased by compared to December 31, 2021 of , as a result
of the Company generating additional net operating income of million. 

The
Company conducts an analysis of its tax positions and has concluded that it has uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021. 

The
Company has net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately . Such amounts are subject to IRS code section 382 limitations
and expire in . 

In
August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Customer s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement
That is a Service Contract , which amends FASB ASC Subtopic 350-40, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software . This
ASU adds certain disclosure requirements related to implementation costs incurred for internal-use software and cloud computing arrangements.
The amendment aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract
with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements
that include an internal-use software license). This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. The amendments in this ASU should be applied either using a retrospective or prospective approach.
Early adoption is permitted. We currently do not anticipate this standard to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial
statements. 

In
August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) 
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . Currently, there is no guidance
in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to
continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this update provide such guidance. In doing
so, the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management
to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently
in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt, (2) require an evaluation
every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s
plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans,
(5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment for a
period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this update
are effective for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. We currently
do not anticipate this standard to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In
January 2013, the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-01, Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about Offsetting
Assets and Liabilities. This ASU clarifies that the scope of ASU No. 2011-11, Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures
about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities . applies only to derivatives, repurchase agreements and reverse purchase agreements,
and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions that are either offset in accordance with specific criteria contained in
FASB Accounting Standards Codification or subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement. The amendments in this ASU are
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning on or after January 1, 2013. We currently do not anticipate
this standard to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In
February 2013, the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-02, Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . The ASU adds new disclosure requirements for items reclassified out of accumulated
other comprehensive income by component and their corresponding effect on net income. The ASU is effective for public entities for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2013. We currently do not anticipate this standard to have a significant impact on our consolidated
financial statements. 

In
February 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued ASU No. 2013-04, Liabilities (Topic 405): Obligations
Resulting from Joint and Several Liability Arrangements for which the Total Amount of the Obligation Is Fixed at the Reporting Date. 
This ASU addresses the recognition, measurement, and disclosure of certain obligations resulting from joint and several arrangements
including debt arrangements, other contractual obligations, and settled litigation and judicial rulings. The ASU is effective for public
entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2013. We currently do not anticipate
this standard to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In
March 2013, the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-05, Foreign Currency Matters (Topic 830): Parent s Accounting for the Cumulative
Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in
a Foreign Entity . This ASU addresses the accounting for the cumulative translation adjustment when a parent either sells a
part or all of its investment in a foreign entity or no longer holds a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets
that is a nonprofit activity or a business within a foreign entity. The guidance outlines the events when cumulative translation adjustments
should be released into net income and is intended by FASB to eliminate some disparity in current accounting practice. This ASU is effective
prospectively for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2013. We currently do not anticipate
this standard to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In
March 2013, the FASB issued ASU 2013-07, Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205): Liquidation Basis of Accounting. 
The amendments require an entity to prepare its financial statements using the liquidation basis of accounting when liquidation is imminent.
Liquidation is imminent when the likelihood is remote that the entity will return from liquidation and either (a) a plan for liquidation
is approved by the person or persons with the authority to make such a plan effective and the likelihood is remote that the execution
of the plan will be blocked by other parties or (b) a plan for liquidation is being imposed by other forces (for example, involuntary
bankruptcy). If a plan for liquidation was specified in the entity s governing documents from the entity s inception (for
example, limited-life entities), the entity should apply the liquidation basis of accounting only if the approved plan for liquidation
differs from the plan for liquidation that was specified at the entity s inception. The amendments require financial statements
prepared using the liquidation basis of accounting to present relevant information about an entity s expected resources in liquidation
by measuring and presenting assets at the amount of the expected cash proceeds from liquidation. The entity should include in its presentation
of assets any items it had not previously recognized under U.S. GAAP but that it expects to either sell in liquidation or use in settling
liabilities (for example, trademarks). The amendments are effective for entities that determine liquidation is imminent during annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2013, and interim reporting periods therein. We currently do not anticipate this standard
to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

We
have reviewed all the recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements. Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards could have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. As new accounting
pronouncements are issued, we will adopt those that are applicable under the circumstances. 

real estate investment holding inventory. 

with Los Angeles Community
 Capital, which is owned and operated by Frank I. Igwealor, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The maturity date of the line
 of credit is . The line of credit bears interest at per annum and interest and unpaid principal balance is payable
 on the maturity date. The Company has drawn from the line of credit as of December 31, 2022. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company sold nine of its EDI Notes and one Mortgage Note to Los Angeles Community Capital (LA Community Capital),
a Company controlled by our President and CEO, in exchange for long-term debt owned to LA Community Capital and its affiliates. The EDI
Notes were sold at their face (stated) amount without discount and the Mortgage Note was sold at face (stated) amount plus accrued interest.
The EDI Notes has a total face amount of million while the Mortgage Notes has a face amount of million and accrued interest
total of million as at December 30, 2022, the date of the sale/purchase transaction. 

The
Company had the following related party investment transactions: 

Long
 term Investment related parties: At numerous times during the year 2021, the Company acquired long-term equity positions
 in various company for which its subsidiary, Alpharidge Capital, LLC also acts or acted as court-appointed custodian. These equity
 consists of free-trading shares, and were capitalized at cost plus transaction cost, finance fees and other acquisition costs. as
 at December 31, 2022, the Company has as Long term Investments - related parties. However, following the spectacular collapse
 of Silicon Valley Bank due to inflated valuation of assets on its book which had obviously decline in value beyond recoverability,
 the Company made a business judgment call to mark those securities to the fair market value as at December 31, 2022. The mark-to-market
 excise resulted in impairment charge of , which the Company acknowledged immediately because management believes that the
 value of those held to maturity securities have been impaired beyond recoverabiity. 

The
Company does not own any property. It currently shares a leased office with two other organizations that are affiliated to its principal
shareholder at 370 Amapola Ave., Suite 200A, Torrance, California 90501. Its principal shareholder and seasonal staff use this location.
The approximate cost of the shared office space varies between and per month 

shares of its preferred stock at a purchase
price of in cash and a transfer of interest in, and control of Community Economic Development Capital, LLC (a California Limited
Liability Company). The shares were issued to the investors without registration under the Securities Act of 1933 based upon exemptions
from registration provided under Section 4(2) of the Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The issuances did not involve any public
offering; no general solicitation or general advertising was used in connection with the offering. Community Economic Development Capital,
is a specialty real estate holding company for specialized assets including, affordable housing, opportunity zones properties, medical
real estate investments, industrial and commercial real estate, and other real estate related services. 

Similarly,
on September 16, 2020, as part of its purchase of unregistered securities from certain corporation related to our President and CEO,
the Company, received in cash and shares of its preferred stock, and in exchange transferred interest in, and control
of Community Economic Development Capital, LLC CED Capital ), a California Limited Liability Company, and of the issued
and outstanding shares of Cannabinoid Biosciences, Inc. CBDX ), to GiveMePower Corporation, a Nevada corporation. This
transaction gave the Company of the voting control of GiveMePower. As at the time of this transaction, all four businesses involved
in the transaction were controlled by Mr. Frank I Igwealor. Because both the buyer and seller in the
above acquisitions were under the control of the same person, the transaction was classified as common control transaction and
 therefore fall under Transactions Between Entities Under Common Control subsections
of ASC 805-50. This transaction was therefore accounted for under the Consolidation Method using the variable interest entity (VIE) model
wherein we consolidate all investees operating results if we expect to assume more than 50 of another entity s expected losses
or gains. 

On
April 21, 2021, the Company sold Cannabinoid Biosciences, Inc. CBDX ), a California corporation, to Premier Information
Management, Inc. for in cash. As further consideration pursuant to the stated sales, CBDX returned Kid Castle Educational Inc., the
parent Company of GMPW, the shares of KDCE preferred stock and shares of KDCE common stock that CBDX bought in October
of 2019. Pursuant to the April 21, 2021 transaction, CBDX ceased from being a subsidiary of GMPW, effective April 1, 2021. 

On
December 30, 2021, in exchange for the control block of GMPW, held by Kid Castle Educational Corporation, a subsidiary of Video River
Networks, Inc. both of which are publicly traded companies with ticker symbols KDCE and NIHK respectively, the Company acquired Alpharidge
Capital LLC from GMPW. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of . 

The
Company has shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding as at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of as at December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 . 

Year
ended December 31, 2022 

The
Company has issued shares of our common stock to more than 54 shareholders as at December 31, 2022, compared to 
shares December 31, 2021 . 

Warrants 

warrants were issued or outstanding as at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

Stock
Options 

The
Company has never adopted a stock option plan and has never issued any stock options. 

F- 25 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

During
the audit of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, the auditors identified the following deficiency in KDCE s
internal control to be a material weakness: 

Ineffective
 control over the financial statements closing process; 

Insufficient
 personnel with an appropriate level of accounting knowledge, experience with the Company and/or industry, and training in the application
 of GAAP; 

Lack
 of segregation of duties; and 

Inadequate
 monitoring of non-routine and non-systematic transactions. 

Above
observation could be result of us having only one staff accountant supporting our CEO in the accounting function. 

Conclusion
Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Pursuant
to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) our management has performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures.
The term disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rule Rule 13a-15(e) means controls and other procedures of an
issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s
management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based
on its assessment, management concluded that as of December 31, 2022 our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective due to inadequate
capital to staff-up our accounting department, which is currently manned by two personnel. We plan to take measures to improve our disclosure
controls and procedures, including instituting a new Enterprise Resource Planning ERP system and engaging an outside
accounting firm to advise the Company with respect to setting up internal auditing and other controls and procedures. The ERP system,
when fully operational, will enable the centralization of all information required to be disclosed pursuant to the Exchange Act to be
digitally recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely and secured manner. 

49 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in the rules promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our principal executive and financial accounting officer, we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. Management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting was conducted using the
criteria in Internal Control over Financial Reporting - Guidance for Smaller Public Companies issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its assessment, management has concluded that our internal controls over
financial reporting are effective. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s accounting firm pursuant to
temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes
in internal control over financial reporting 

We
are continuing our efforts to improve our internal controls over financial reporting. Among other improvements, we shall implement a
comprehensive ERP system that will improve the Company s internal controls. As of the date of this Form 10K, management is unable
to meaningfully determine the date the ERP system will be installed and become operational, but expects it to be installed prior to the
end of fourth quarter of 2026. The Company believes that full implementation of its new ERP System will improve disclosure controls and
procedures by performing the following functions: 

Maintain
 detailed records and produce comprehensive financial statements on a periodic basis allowing management to review and detect irregular
 financial activities; 

Place
 different check-points on the progression of ordinary monetary activities of the business; and 

Delineate
 individual and/departmental responsibilities and effectively separate respective departmental transactions so as to prevent occurrence
 of intentional misappropriation of funds. 

Pending
the implementation of the ERP system, we shall implement additional controls to ensure that our internal controls over financial reporting
are effective. These controls include: 

All
 departments requesting funds must obtain written approval from the Chief Executive Officer or the Chairman of the Board before the
 accounting department may commence processing payments; 

50 

All
 fund transfer applications must be approved by the applicable department supervisor before the application may be processed. No one
 can authorize their own application. This is applicable to all staff including staff at the managerial level; 

All
 fund transfer applications must be accompanied by supporting documentation, such as a copy of the relevant contract copy of the relevant
 invoice or stock pre-payment statement; 

Stock
 purchases require the approval of the supervisor or manager of the relevant department, the approval of the accounts department,
 and a stock receipt and suppliers certification. Finally the application must be approved by the Chairman of the Board before
 funds may be released; and 

All
 pre-payments must be tracked by the fund applicant and the payments must be cleared within the month of payment or in accordance
 with the date stipulated in the relevant contract. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS
 AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 within the Company 
 
 Term 
 
 Mr. Frank I Igwealor 
 
 52 
 
 Chairman,
 Director and Chief Executive and Financial Officer 
 
 October
 2019 to present 
 
 Mr.
 Patience Ogbozor 
 
 37 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 2019 to present 

Age
As at December 31, 2022. 

Term
of Office 

Each
of our directors is appointed to hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders or until his respective successor is elected
and qualified, or until she resigns or is removed in accordance with the provisions of the Delaware Statues. Our officers are appointed
by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board of directors or until their resignation. 

51 

Background
and Business Experience 

The
business experience during the past five years of the persons listed above as an Officer or Director of the Company either presently
or during the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Frank
Igwealor, CPA, CMA, JD, MBA, MSRM is a financial manager with broad technical and management experience in accounting, finance, and
business advisory as a principal partner at Goldstein Franklin, Inc. since November 2011. Mr. Igwealor is a Certified Financial Manager,
Certified Management Accountant, and Certified Public Accountant. Before Goldstein Franklin, Mr. Igwealor was the Sr. Vice President
and CFO of Los Angeles Neighborhood Housing between May 2007 and October 2011. 

During
the sixteen years prior to his joining Los Angeles Neighborhood Housing as the chief financial officer, Mr. Igwealor worked in various
financial management, accounting, strategic planning, risk management, restructuring, recapitalization and turnaround capacities for
various big and small businesses where he helped save or preserve about 252 American jobs that would have otherwise been lost through
liquidations. 

Mr.
Igwealor s business and professional experience include: 

(a) 
 7/2007
 to 10/2011 - SVP CFO at Los Angeles Neighborhood Housing, Inc., one of Los Angeles largest affordable housing nonprofit agency. 

(b) 
 11/2004
 to 2015 President and CEO of Igwealth Franklin, Inc., a Los Angeles private equity firm 

(c) 
 03/2008
 to present Director at Poverty Solutions, Inc., a Los Angeles based nonprofit that designs and deploys programs that help
 low income families divest poverty through education, employment, and entrepreneurship. 

(d) 
 11/2006
 to 04/2007 Assistant Controller at SDI Media Group, a Culver City, CA based translation and dubbing company. 

(e) 
 03/2006
 to 09/2006 SEC Financial reporting analyst at OSI Systems, Inc., a Hawthorne CA based manufacturer. 

(f) 
 11/2003
 to 11/2004 Financial Advisor at Morgan Stanley 

Over
the past 27 years in accounting and finance, Mr. Igwealor has always operated on the premise that a country s most valuable asset
is her human capital and that job creation is the essential element to a true and sustainable economic and prosperity. 

52 

During
the past five years, Mr. Igwealor held the following directorships: 

1. 
 Poverty
 Solutions, Inc. March 2008 to Present. 

2. 
 Los
 Angeles Community Capital April 2012 to Present. 

3. 
 American
 Community Capital, LP. August 2013 to Present. 

4. 
 Goldstein
 Franklin, Inc. April 2012 to Present. 

5. 
 Kid
 Castle Educational Corporation since October 2019 

6. 
 GiveMePower
 Corporation since December 2019 

Mr.
Igwealor s professional education includes (1) BA in Accounting from Union Institute University; (2) BA in Economics from
Union Institute University; (3) MBA finance from California State University, Dominguez Hills; (4) Masters in Risk Management at
New York University (in progress); and (5) Juris Doctor from Southwestern School of Law. 

The
company believes that someone with finance and accounting expertise as Mr. Igwealor would be invaluable to the company s need of
identifying the right acquisition candidates as well as performing due diligence on those targets. 

Ms.
Patience C. Ogbozor, Director: Ms. Ogbozor has been a Director of the Company since October 2019. Ms. Ogbozor also serves as a director
at Goldstein Franklin Inc., Kid Castle Educational Corporation, Video Rivers Networks, Inc. and Opportunity Zone Capital LLC. Prior to
joining the company s board, Ms. Ogbozor was with New Haven Pharmacy, Abuja, from 2013 to 2015. 

During
the past five years, Ms. Ogbozor held the following directorships: 

1. 
 Ms.
 Ogbozor has been serving as director Goldstein Franklin Inc. since June 1, 2015. 

2. 
 Kid
 Castle Educational Corporation since October 2019 

3. 
 GiveMePower
 Corporation since December 2019 

4. 
 Opportunity
 Zone Capital LLC since February 18, 2020 

All
directors hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and the election and qualification of their successors. Officers
are elected annually by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board. 

Family
Relationships 

Except
for Patience and Frank who have spousal relationship, none of our directors are related to any of our other directors and none have any
pending legal claims or litigation against them. 

53 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act, as amended, will require our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered
class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports
of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of the our common stock and other equity securities, on Form 3,
4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission
regulations to furnish our company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Mr. Igwealor has filed all required reports under
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Board
Committee 

The
Company does not have a formal Audit Committee, Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee. As the Company s business expands,
the directors will evaluate the necessity of an Audit Committee. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

The
Company intends to establish an audit committee of the board of directors, which will consist of soon-to-be-nominated independent directors.
The audit committee s duties would be to recommend to the Company s board of directors the engagement of an independent registered
public accounting firm to audit the Company s financial statements and to review the Company s accounting and auditing principles.
The audit committee would review the scope, timing and fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the
internal auditors and independent registered public accounting firm, including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting
and internal controls. The audit committee would at all times be composed exclusively of directors who are, in the opinion of the Company s
board of directors, free from any relationship which would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a committee member
and who possess an understanding of financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Company intends to establish a compensation committee of the board of directors. The compensation committee would review and approve
the Company s salary and benefits policies, including compensation of executive officers. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a corporate code of ethics. We believe our code of ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest
and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws;
ensure prompt internal reporting of code violations; and provide accountability for adherence to the code. We
adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct which is applicable to our future employees and which also includes a Code of Ethics for
our chief executive and principal financial officers and any persons performing similar functions. A code of ethics is a written standard
designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: 

honest
 and ethical conduct, 

54 

full,
 fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in regulatory filings and public statements, 

compliance
 with applicable laws, rules and regulations, 

the
 prompt reporting violation of the code, and 

accountability
 for adherence to the code. 

Our
adopted a code of ethics applies to all our directors, officers and employees. Our code of ethics is intended to comply with the requirements
of Item 406 of Regulation S-K. 

We
will provide our code of ethics in print without charge to any stockholder who makes a written request to Frank I Igwealor, our President,
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, at Kid Castle Educational Corporation, 370 Amapola Ave., Suite 200A, Torrance, CA
90501. Any waivers of the application, and any amendments to, our code of ethics must be made by our board of directors. Any waivers
of, and any amendments to, our code of ethics will be disclosed promptly on our Internet website. 

Security
Holders Recommendations to Board of Directors 

We
do not currently have a process for security holders to send communications to the board of directors. However, we welcome comments and
questions from our shareholders. Shareholders can direct communications to the Company at our executive offices. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, during the last ten years, none of our directors and executive officers (including those of our subsidiaries) has: 

Had
 a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at
 the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

Been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses. 

Been
 subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities. 

Been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

55 

Been
 the subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
 any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
 or persons associated with a member. 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

As
the Board of Directors does not have a Compensation Committee, the independent directors of the Board oversee the Company s executive
compensation program. We currently do not have independent directors on our Board. Compensation for the CEO and the CFO is approved by
the Independent Directors of the Board or the general Board. Compensation for other executive officers and senior management is determined
by the CEO and CFO pursuant to the Board of Directors delegating to the CEO and CFO authority to do so. 

As
at December 31, 2022, only Mr. Igwealor has received compensation in form of a hire-on bonus of 10 million shares of our common stock.
The Hire-on-Bonus paid to Mr. Igwealor upon his acceptance of the CEO position of the Company in October 2019. 

Elements
to Executive Compensation 

The
Company s executive compensation program is designed to attract and retain executives responsible for the Company s long-term
success, to reward executives for achieving both financial and strategic company goals and to provide a compensation package that recognizes
individual contributions as well as overall business results. The Company s executive compensation program also takes into account
the compensation practices of companies with whom Kid Castle Educational Corporation competes for executive talent. 

The
two components of the Company s executive compensation program are base salary and annual discretionary bonuses. The base salary
is fixed but the annual discretionary bonuses are tied to criteria such as the executive performance on the job as judged by the board
of directors, the company performance measured by profitability, and prevailing industry practice which is controlled by the executive s
job competitiveness. Overall compensation is intended to be competitive for comparable positions at peer companies. 

56 

Objectives .
The objectives of the Company s executive compensation policies are to attract and retain highly qualified executives by designing
the total compensation package to motivate executives to provide excellent leadership and achieve Company goals; to align the interests
of executives, employees, and stockholders by establishing cohesive management, financial, operation and marketing goals that reflect
the Company s strategic growth plan; and to provide executives with reasonable security, through retirement plan and annual discretionary
bonuses that motivate them to continue employment with the Company and achieve goals that will make the Company thrive and remain competitive
in the long-run. 

Linkage
between compensation programs and Company objective and values . We link executive compensation closely with the Company objectives,
which we believe are dependent on the level of employee engagement, operational excellence, cost management and profitability achieved. 

Performance
targets related to the payment of our executive compensation include (1) amount of capital raised for the Company, (2) revenue generated,
(3) number of viable acquisition targets identified, and (4) total profitability of the Company in general. 

Currently,
the primary quantifiable measurement of operational excellence for the Company is the achievement of profitability, which is directly
related to increasing annual revenue. 

Executives 
annual performance evaluations are based in part on their achievement of the aforementioned goals and in part on revenue targets that
may be established by the Board of Directors at the beginning of each fiscal year. The Board of Directors has not set a specific revenue
goal for the award of bonuses since 2018. The Company currently does not have a defined non-equity incentive plan in place for its named
executives. Instead, the disinterested members of the Board of Directors determine if any annual discretionary bonuses should be awarded
to named executives in conjunction with the named executives annual performance evaluations. As indicated in the table below,
during the last three fiscal years, the Board of Directors has not elected to award any annual discretionary bonuses to any named executives. 

Apart
from the Hire-on bonus paid to Mr. Igwealor, we have not paid out any basic salaries of performance bonuses to any of our officers, employees
or directors in 2020 and 2019. 

The
roles of various elements of compensation . Executive compensation includes base salary, annual discretionary bonuses awarded by the
Board of Directors in conjunction with named executives annual performance evaluations and other annual compensation granted under
the noncontributory defined benefit retirement plan. Collectively, the Board s objective is to ensure a total pay package that
is appropriate given the performance of both the Company and the individual named executive. 

Governance
practices concerning compensation . The Board of Directors plans to implement a number of procedures that the Board would follow to
ensure good governance concerning compensation. These include setting CEO and CFO salaries, authorizing the CEO or the CFO to determine
the salaries of presidents and vice presidents, establishing annual goals for the Company, reviewing proposals for stock incentive plans,
exercising fiduciary responsibilities over retirement plans, overseeing management development and succession planning, and keeping adequate
records of the activities. With the above plan, we believe that we would be ready to hit the ground running once the Company has generated
enough capital to start payroll and other compensation. 

57 

Base
Salary 

Each
executive s base salary is initially determined with reference to competitive pay practices of peer companies (where such information
is publicly available) and is dependent upon the executive s level of responsibility and experience. The Board uses its discretion,
rather than a formal weighting system, to evaluate these factors and to determine individual base salary levels. Thereafter, base salaries
are reviewed periodically, and increases are made based on the Board of Director s subjective assessment of individual performance,
as well as the factors discussed above. 

Annual
Discretionary Bonuses 

In
future years we shall pay variable incentive compensation to our executives, however, due to our overall performance in 2022 and 2021,
our executive officers were not awarded bonuses. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information about the compensation paid or accrued by our chief executive officer, chief financial officer,
and one other most highly compensated executive officer (our named officers for the last three completed fiscal years: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Mr. Frank I Igwealor, Chair, CEO, CFO 
 2022 

2021 

(i) 

(ii) 

2020 

100 

100 
 100 

2019 

2018 

58 

Notes: 

(i) 
 A
 hire-on bonus of 10,000,000 shares issued to Mr. Igwealor. 

(ii) 
 The
 fair market value of the stock awarded to Mr. Igwealor was uncertain because the stock is currently trading on the pink sheet and
 is illiquid. However, for accounting purposes, the Company used the par value of 0.00001 to calculate recognition of employment
 expenses in the amount of 100 for the award. 

Stock
Option Grants in the Last Fiscal Year; Exercises of Stock Options 

There
were no grants of stock options during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has never granted any stock options. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock by (i) each person who is known to us to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5 of our common stock; (ii) each director and named executive officer (defined above) individually; and (iii) all
directors and executive officers as a group. Beneficial ownership of common stock has been determined for this purpose in accordance
with Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Securities and Exchange Commission, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These rules
provide, among other things, that a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of common stock if such person, directly or indirectly,
has or shares voting power or investment power with respect to the common stock or has the right to acquire such ownership within sixty
days after the date of this registration statement. Unless otherwise stated, the address for all 5 owners, officers and directors listed
below is : 370
Amapola Ave., Suite 200A, Torrance, CA 90501. 

59 

Amount 
and Nature 

of Beneficial 
 Percent
of 
 
 Title of Class 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Ownership 
 Class (1) 

Preferred stock 
 (a) 
 Video River Networks, Inc. (7)(5)(6) 
 100,000 
 100.00 
 
 Common stock 
 (b) 
 Frank I Igwealor 
 10,000,000 
 47.79 
 
 Common stock 
 (b) 
 Poverty Solutions, Inc. 
 10,000,000 
 47.79 
 
 Common stock 
 (b) 
 Patience C Ogbozor 
 0 

Common stock 
 (c) 
 Directors and officers as a group 
 20,000,000 
 89.59 

NOTES: 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Igwealor is a member of Poverty Solutions governing board and represents its interest on Kid Castle s board. 

(2) 
 The
 address is 370 Amapola Ave., Suite 200A, Torrance, CA 90501. 

(3) 
 Preferred
 shares control 60 of the voting rights of the company 

(4) 
 On
 September 15, 2020, the company sold 900,000 shares
 of its preferred stocks to Video River Networks. 

(5) 
 Mr.
 Igwealor is the CEO of Video River Networks and
 represents its interest on Kid Castle s board. 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Our
officers and directors are Mr. Igwealor, our chief executive officer and secretary, and Ms patience C Ogbozor, a Director are also directors
of Goldstein Franklin Inc. 

RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The
managing member, CEO and director of the Company is involved in other business activities and may, in the future, become involved in
other business opportunities. If a specific business opportunity becomes available, he may face a conflict in selecting between the Company
and his other business interests. The Company is formulating a policy for the resolution of such conflicts. 

60 

The
Company had the following related party transactions: 

Line
 of credit - On May 5, 2020, the Company entered into a line of credit agreement in the amount of 1,500,000 with Los Angeles Community
 Capital, which is owned and operated by Frank I. Igwealor, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The maturity date of the line
 of credit is May 4, 2025. The line of credit bears interest at 0 per annum and interest and unpaid principal balance is payable
 on the maturity date. The Company has drawn 588,859 from the line of credit as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company does not own any property. It currently shares a leased office with two other organizations that are affiliated to its principal
shareholder at 370 Amapola Ave., Suite 200A, Torrance, California 90501. Its principal shareholder and seasonal staff use this location.
The approximate cost of the shared office space varies between 650 and 850 per month 

LINE
OF CREDIT RELATED PARTY 

Line
of credit from related party consisted of the following: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 May 20, 2020 (line of
 credit) Line of credit with maturity date of May 4, 2025 with 0 interest per annum with unpaid principal balance and accrued
 interest payable on the maturity date. 
 419,979 
 588,859 
 
 Total Line of credit - related party 
 419,979 
 588,859 
 
 Less: current portion 

Total Long-term Line of credit - related party 
 419,979 
 588,859 

Los
Angeles Community Capital - 1,500,000 line of credit 

On
May 5, 2020, the Company amended its line of credit agreement to increase it to the amount of 1,500,000 with maturity date of May 4,
2025. The line of credit bears interest at 0 per annum and interest and unpaid principal balance is payable on the maturity date. The
Company has unused line of credit of 419,979 as of December 31, 2022. 

61 

Policy
and Procedures with Respect to Related Person Transactions 

Our
Board of Directors is charged with reviewing and approving all potential related party transactions. All such related party transactions
must then be reported under applicable SEC rules. We have not adopted other procedures for review, or standards for approval, of such
transactions, but instead review them on a case-by-case basis. 

We
recognize that Related Person Transactions may raise questions among shareholders as to whether those transactions are consistent with
the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. (Related Person Transaction is defined as a transaction, arrangement or relationship
in which we were, are or will be a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of
our total assets for the last two fiscal years, and in which any Related Person (defined below) had, has or will have a direct or indirect
interest.) It is our policy to enter into or ratify Related Person Transactions only when the Board of Directors determines that the
Related Person Transaction in question is in, or is not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, including
but not limited to situations where we may obtain products or services of a nature, quantity or quality, or on other terms, that are
not readily available from alternative sources or when we provide products or services to Related Persons on an arm s length basis
on terms comparable to those provided to unrelated third parties or on terms comparable to those provided to employees generally. 

Related
Person is defined as follows: 

1. 
 any
 person who is, or at any time since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year was, a director or executive officer of
 the Company or a nominee to become a director of the Company; 

2. 
 any
 person who is known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of the Company s voting securities; 

3. 
 any
 immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons, which means any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law,
 father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law of the director, executive officer, nominee or more
 than 5 beneficial owner, and any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of such director, executive officer,
 nominee or more than 5 beneficial owner; and 

4. 
 any
 firm, corporation or other entity in which any of the foregoing persons is employed or is a general partner or principal or in a
 similar position or in which such person has a 5 or greater beneficial ownership interest. 

Directors
and executive officers are required to submit to the Board of Directors, acting in its role as audit committee, a list of immediate family
members and a description of any current or proposed Related Person Transactions on an annual basis and provide updates during the year. 

62 

In
our review of any Related Person Transactions, the Board of Directors must consider all of the relevant facts and circumstances available
to it, including (if applicable) but not limited to: the benefits to the Company; the impact on a director s independence in the
event the Related Person is a director, an immediately family member of a director or an entity in which a director is a partner, shareholder
or executive officer; the availability of other sources for comparable products or services; the terms of the transaction; and the terms
available to unrelated third parties or to employees generally. No member of the Board of Directors may participate in any review, consideration
or approval of any Related Person Transaction with respect to which such member or any of his or her immediate family members is the
Related Person. The Board of Directors will approve or ratify only those Related Person Transactions that are in, or are not inconsistent
with, the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, as the Board of Directors determines in good faith. The Board of Directors
will convey the decision to the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer, who will convey the decision to the appropriate
persons within the Company. 

Director
Independence 

None
of our directors qualifies as independent director as defined under the NASDAQ Listing Rules. 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 20,000 
 17,000 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Tax fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 All other fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Total 
 20,000 
 17,000 

Audit-Related
Fees 

20,000
and 17,000 in Audit-related fees were incurred in the Years 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

Tax
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for professional services rendered by our principal accountant
tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning were 0. 

All
Other Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for products and services provided by our principal independent
accountants was 0. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

Our
board of directors pre-approves all audit and non-audit services performed by the Company s auditor and the fees to be paid in
connection with such services. 

63 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

EXHIBIT
 NO 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

64 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 KID
 CASTLE EDUCATIONAL CORPORATION 

By:
 
 /s/
 Frank I Igwealor 

Name: 
 Frank
 I Igwealor 

Title: 
 Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Frank I Igwealor 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, 
 
 Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Frank
 I Igwealor 
 
 President, Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

65 

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

I,
Frank I Igwealor, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Kid Castle Educational Corporation. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
As the registrant s certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
As the registrant s certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
April 17, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Frank I Igwealor 

Frank
 I Igwealor 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

I,
Frank I Igwealor, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for Kid Castle Educational Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
As the registrant s other certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
As the registrant s certifying officer I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
April 17, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Frank I Igwealor 

Frank
 I Igwealor 

Principal
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kid Castle Educational Corporation (the Company for the year ending
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Frank I Igwealor,
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1)
The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Frank I Igwealor 

Frank
 I Igwealor 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 

This
certification accompanies each Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 kdce-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 kdce-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 kdce-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 kdce-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

