<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230406_10-K_edgar_data_1838987_0001213900-23-027997.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5655289</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>524943</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1006872</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1394864</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1312500</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1245356</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-027997.hdr.sgml : 20230406
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230406163038
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-027997
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230406
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230406

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Freedom Acquisition I Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001838987
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40117
		FILM NUMBER:		23806561

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED
		STREET 2:		UGLAND HOUSE, PO BOX 309
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 618-1798

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED
		STREET 2:		UGLAND HOUSE, PO BOX 309
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-027997.txt : 20230406

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_freedomacq1.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to
 . 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

N/A (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 

, 

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) 

1
 - 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 FACT WS The New York Stock Exchange Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one- fourth of one redeemable warrant FACT.U The New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days . No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the Registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to
the closing sales price for the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, was . 

As
of December 31, 2022, Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par
value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None 

FREEDOM
ACQUISITION I CORP. 
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary 
 iii 

PART I 
 1 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 50 

Item
 2. 
 Property 
 50 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 50 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 50 

PART II 
 51 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 51 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 52 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 53 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 58 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 58 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 58 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 58 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 59 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 59 

PART III 
 60 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 67 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 68 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 70 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 73 

PART IV 
 74 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 74 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 75 

i 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), references to: 

we, 
 us, our, company, our company, or Freedom are to Freedom Acquisition
I Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association are to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association; 

Class
A ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class
B ordinary shares are to our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Companies
Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

directors 
are to our current directors; 

founder
shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public
offering and our Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time
of our initial business combination; 

Freedom
Acquisition LLC are to a member of our sponsor, Freedom Acquisition LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company that is owned
by Tidjane Thiam, our Executive Chairman, Abhishek Bhatia, a board observer, and Adam Gishen, our Chief Executive Officer; 

initial
shareholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

management 
or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

NextG 
are to NextG Tech Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company, which is a member of our sponsor and is affiliated with Edward Zeng, one
of our directors; 

ordinary
shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

private
placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial
public offering; 

public
shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased
in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public
shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders and management team to the extent our
initial shareholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial shareholder s and
member of our management team s status as a public shareholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public
warrants are to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial
public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

sponsor 
are to Freedom Acquisition I LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company; 

warrants 
are to our public warrants and private placement warrants; and 

, 
 US and U.S. dollar each refer to the United States dollar. 

ii 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary 

Some
of the statements contained in this Annual Report may constitute forward-looking statements, for purposes of the federal
securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may
include, for example, statements about: 

risks
associated with our proposed business combination with Complete Solaria; 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination
 opportunities; 

the
 material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting; 

our
 public securities liquidity and trading; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on
 the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described in Item 1A.-Risk Factors. Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

iii 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in
the section titled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could
lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

We
 may not be able to complete the proposed Business Combination with Complete Solaria. If we
 are unable to do so, we will incur substantial costs associated with withdrawing from the
 transaction and may not be able to find additional sources of financing to cover those costs. 

If
 the proposed Business Combination with Complete Solaria fails, it may be difficult to complete
 a business combination with a new prospective target business, negotiate and agree to a new
 business combination, and/or arrange for new sources of financing by the end of the Extension
 Period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We
 are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis
 on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Past
 performance by our management team, directors, advisors and their respective affiliates may
 not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. 

We
 may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete
 a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and
 thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Our
 search for a business combination, and any prospective partner business with which we ultimately
 consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus
 (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

Unlike
 some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders
 will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue certain shares to consummate
 an initial business combination. 

Resources
 could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could
 materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
 business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders
 may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available
 for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
 public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business
 combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority
 of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

Your
 only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination
 may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders
 and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless
 of how our public shareholders vote. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial
 condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
 for us to enter into a business combination with a target or prevent us from completing the
 most desirable business combination or optimizing our capital structure. 

iv 

If
 the funds available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements
 are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the Extension Period, it could limit
 the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete
 our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management
 team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

You
 are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check
 companies. 

The
 requirement that we complete our initial business combination during the Extension Period
 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
 and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination
 targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our
 ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for
 our shareholders. 

Because
 of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities,
 it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable
 to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their
 pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to
 public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If
 we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required
 to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which
 may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. To mitigate the
 risk of being deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act,
 we may instruct the trustee of the trust account to liquidate the securities held in the
 trust account and instead hold all funds in the trust account in a bank deposit account. 

We
 have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This
 material weakness could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of
 operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

The
 NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors 
 ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

You
 will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain
 limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell
 your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

If
 a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection
 with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for submitting
 or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions
 pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are
 deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability
 to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

We
 may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous
 to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

Certain
 members of our management team may be involved in and have a greater financial interest in
 the performance of other entities with which they are affiliated, and such activities may
 create conflicts of interest in making decisions on our behalf. 

Our
 initial shareholders stand to make a substantial profit on the founder shares even if an
 initial business combination subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public
 shareholders, and may have an incentive to recommend such an initial business combination
 to our shareholders. 

v 

PART
I 

Item 1. Business 

General 

We
are a blank check company, incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset
acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout
Annual Report as our initial business combination. 

Freedom
Acquisition I Corp. was established by Tidjane Thiam, Adam Gishen and Abhishek Bhatia to leverage their extensive experience in acquiring,
building, operating and scaling global financial services businesses in constantly evolving environments. Mr. Thiam, with his more than
30 years of experience in financial services businesses, led global institutions like Credit Suisse and Prudential as CEO for 5 years
and 6 years, respectively. Mr. Gishen has over 20 years of experience in financial services and has held senior leadership responsibilities
in recent years at Credit Suisse running its Global Investor Relations and Corporate Communications functions. Mr. Bhatia has more than
20 years of global experience in life and general insurance and asset management and has created businesses from scratch, including a
technology-enabled life insurer in Europe and a full-stack digital insurer in Asia for which he served as CEO. 

Company
History 

On
December 31, 2020, the sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for
7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the founder shares ). On February 25, 2021, the Company
effected a share dividend whereby the Company issued 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of 8,625,000 Class
B ordinary shares outstanding and held by our sponsor. Our Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares,
on a one-for-one basis, upon the completion of a business combination. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the
expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon completion of the initial
public offering. 

On
March 2, 2021, we completed our initial public offering of 34,500,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit (the units ),
generating gross proceeds of 345,000,000. Each unit consists of one of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
per share, and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 

Substantially
concurrently with the completion of the initial public offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,266,667 warrants (the private
placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant, or 9,400,000 in the aggregate. A total of 345,000,000, comprised of 338,595,000
of the proceeds from the initial public offering, including 12,075,000 of the underwriters deferred discount, and 6,405,000
of the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.,
maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

On
April 16, 2021, we announced that, commencing April 19, 2021, holders of the 34,500,000 units sold in the initial public offering may
elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares and the warrants included in the units. Those units not separated continued to
trade on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol FACT.U and the Class A ordinary shares and warrants
that were separated trade under the symbols FACT and FACT WS, respectively. 

1 

Amendment
to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

On
February 28, 2023, Freedom held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Extraordinary General Meeting ), at
which holders of 35,373,848 ordinary shares, comprised of 26,773,848 Class A ordinary shares and 8,600,000 Class B ordinary
shares, were present in person or by proxy, representing approximately 82.02 of the voting power of the 43,125,000 issued and outstanding
ordinary shares of Freedom entitled to vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting at the close of business on January 23, 2023, which
was the record date (the Record Date for the Extraordinary General Meeting (such shares, the Outstanding Shares ).
The Outstanding Shares on the Record Date were comprised of 34,500,000 Class A ordinary shares and 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares. 

At
the Extraordinary General Meeting, the shareholders approved, by special resolution, the proposal (the Extension Amendment Proposal to amend the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which Freedom must (i) consummate a merger,
amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, which Freedom refers
to as its initial business combination, (ii) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such initial
business combination, and (iii) redeem all of the Class A ordinary shares, included as part of the units sold in the initial public offering,
for an additional three months, from March 2, 2023 to June 2, 2023, and thereafter to up to three (3) times by an additional one month
each time (or up to September 2, 2023) (the Extension Amendment, and such period, as may be extended, the Extension
Period ). The voting results for such proposal were as follows: 

For 
 Against 
 Abstain 
 
 35,047,305 
 326,543 
 0 

In
connection with the Extension Amendment, public shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 23,256,504 Class A ordinary shares
at a redemption price of 10.21 per share, representing approximately 67.41 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, for
an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 237,372,952. Following such redemptions, approximately 114,759,374 remained in the
trust account and 11,243,496 Class A ordinary shares remain outstanding. 

At
the Extraordinary General Meeting, the public shareholders also approved the proposal to amend the Investment Management Trust Agreement,
dated as of February 25, 2021 (the Trust Agreement ), by and between Freedom and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company, as trustee Continental ), to reflect the Extension Amendment. The amendment to the Trust Agreement provides that
Continental shall commence liquidation of the trust account only and promptly (x) after its receipt of the applicable instruction letter
delivered by Freedom in connection with either the consummation of an initial business combination or Freedom s inability to effect
an initial business combination within the time frame specified in Freedom s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
or (y) upon the date that is the later of the end of the Extension Period and such later date as may be approved by Freedom s shareholders
in accordance with the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if the aforementioned termination letter has not
been received by Continental prior to such date. The voting results for such proposal were as follows: 

For 
 Against 
 Abstain 
 
 35,047,305 
 326,543 
 0 

The
Proposed Business Combination 

Business
Combination Agreement 

On
October 3, 2022, Freedom entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as amended by the First Amendment to the Business Combination
Agreement dated December 26, 2022 and the Second Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement dated January 17, 2023, and as may be
further amended and supplemented from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ), with Jupiter Merger Sub I Corp.,
a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Freedom First Merger Sub ), Jupiter Merger Sub II LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Freedom Second Merger Sub ), Complete Solaria, Inc. (formerly
known as Complete Solar Holding Corporation), a Delaware corporation Complete Solaria and The Solaria Corporation, a
Delaware corporation Solaria ). 

2 

The
Mergers 

The
Business Combination Agreement provides that, among other things and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, the following
transactions will occur (together with the other agreements and transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the
 Business Combination ): 

at
 the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Closing ),
 upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, and in accordance with the Delaware
 General Corporation Law, as amended (the DGCL ), (i) First Merger Sub will merge
 with and into Complete Solaria, with Complete Solaria surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary
 of Freedom, (ii) immediately thereafter and as part of the same overall transaction, Complete
 Solaria will merge with and into Second Merger Sub, with Second Merger Sub surviving as a
 wholly owned subsidiary of Freedom, and (iii) immediately after the consummation of the Second
 Merger and as part of the same overall transaction, Solaria will merge with and into a newly
 formed Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Freedom Third
 Merger Sub ), with Third Merger Sub surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Freedom
 (the Additional Merger, and together with the First Merger and the Second Merger,
 the Mergers 

at
 the Closing, all outstanding shares of capital stock of Complete Solaria (subject to certain
 restrictions) and all options and warrants to acquire shares of capital stock of Complete
 Solaria will convert into the right to receive shares of common stock, par value 0.0001
 per share, of Freedom (after the Domestication (as defined below)) Freedom Common
 Stock or comparable equity awards that are settled or are exercisable for shares
 of Freedom Common Stock; and 

at
 the Closing, Freedom will be renamed Complete Solaria, Inc. 

A
special committee (the Freedom Special Committee of the Board of Directors of Freedom (the Freedom Board and the Freedom Board have (i) approved the Business Combination Agreement and the Business Combination and (ii) resolved to recommend
that the shareholders of Freedom approve the Business Combination Agreement and the Business Combination. 

The
Domestication 

Prior
to the Closing, subject to the approval of Freedom s shareholders, and in accordance with the DGCL, the Cayman Islands Companies
Act (As Revised) (the CICA and Freedom s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, Freedom will
effect a deregistration under the CICA and a domestication under Section 388 of the DGCL (by means of filing a certificate of domestication
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware), pursuant to which Freedom s jurisdiction of incorporation will be changed
from the Cayman Islands to the State of Delaware (the Domestication ). 

In
connection with the Domestication, (i) each of the then issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share,
of Freedom, will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into a share of Freedom Common Stock, which is entitled to one vote per
share, (ii) each of the then issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of Freedom, will convert automatically,
on a one-for-one basis, into a share of Freedom Common Stock. 

Conditions
to the Closing 

The
obligation of the parties to consummate the Business Combination is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions,
including (i) approval of the Business Combination and related matters by the respective shareholders of Freedom and Complete Solaria,
(ii) expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, as amended, (iii) the absence
of any law or injunctions prohibiting the consummation of the Mergers, (iv) Freedom having at least 5,000,001 of net tangible assets
upon the Closing, (v) the size and composition of the Board conforming to the requirements set forth in the Business Combination Agreement,
(vi) receipt of approval for listing by The New York Stock Exchange of the shares of Freedom common stock to be issued in the Business
Combination, (vii) effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4 filed by Freedom in connection with the Business Combination
and (viii) the receipt by the Freedom Board or Freedom Special Committee of a fairness opinion from a reputable financial advisory or
valuation firm with respect to the Business Combination (which was received on October 31, 2022). 

Other
conditions to Freedom s obligation to consummate the Business Combination include (i) the consummation of the Required Transaction
(as defined below) (which was consummated on November 4, 2022) and (ii) the receipt by Complete Solaria of certain consents. 

3 

Each
party s obligation to consummate the Business Combination is also conditioned upon the accuracy of the other party s representations
and warranties, subject to customary materiality and material adverse effect qualifiers, and the performance in all material respects
by the other party of its covenants in the Business Combination Agreement to be performed as of or prior to the Closing. 

Covenants 

The
Business Combination Agreement contains additional covenants, including, among others, providing for (i) the parties to conduct their
respective businesses in the ordinary course through the Closing, (ii) the parties to not initiate any negotiations or enter into any
agreements for certain alternative transactions, (iii) Complete Solaria to prepare and deliver to Freedom certain audited and unaudited
consolidated financial statements of Complete Solaria and its subsidiaries (including Solaria), (iv) Freedom to prepare and file a registration
statement on Form S-4, including a proxy statement/prospectus, and to take certain other actions to obtain the requisite approval of
Freedom shareholders of certain proposals regarding the Business Combination (including the Domestication), (v) the parties to use reasonable
best efforts to obtain necessary approvals from governmental authorities, (vi) if determined in good faith by Freedom and Complete Solaria
that it is probable that the Business Combination will be consummated after March 1, 2023, and subject to the conditions set forth in
the Business Combination Agreement, Freedom to seek the approval of its shareholders to amend its organizational documents to extend
the time period for Freedom to consummate its initial business combination for six months from March 1, 2023 to September 1, 2023 (which
was obtained on February 28, 2023). 

Governance 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, the board of directors of Complete Solaria following the Closing will consist of no more than
seven directors, to initially consist of (i) the individuals designated by Complete Solaria prior to Closing, consisting of a majority
of independent directors for the purposes of NYSE rules and (ii) Tidjane Thiam and Adam Gishen (or any other substitute
director designated by the Sponsor, subject to the prior approval of Complete Solaria). Complete Solaria has agreed to cause Mr. Thiam to
be nominated for election to its board of directors at each of its first three annual meetings of stockholders following the Closing. 

Representations
and Warranties 

The
Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations and warranties by Freedom, First Merger Sub, Second Merger Sub and
Complete Solaria. The representations and warranties of the parties to the Business Combination Agreement will not survive the Closing. 

Termination 

The
Business Combination Agreement contains the following termination rights: 

the
right of the parties to terminate the Business Combination Agreement by mutual consent; 

the
right of either Freedom or Complete Solaria to terminate the Business Combination Agreement if: 

- shareholders
 of the other party fail to approve the Business Combination; 

- any
 governmental authority issues or otherwise enters a final, nonappealable order making consummation
 of the Mergers illegal or otherwise prevents or prohibits consummation of the Mergers; 

- the
 other party breaches its representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements contained
 in the Business Combination Agreement in a way that would entitle the party seeking to terminate
 the Business Combination Agreement to not consummate the Business Combination, subject to
 the right of the breaching party to cure the breach; 

- the
 Required Transaction has not been consummated within 30 days following the date of the Business
 Combination Agreement (this termination right is no longer applicable as the Required Transaction
 was consummated on November 4, 2022); 

4 

- the
 Freedom Board or Freedom Special Committee has not received a fairness opinion from a reputable
 financial advisory or valuation firm with respect to the Business Combination within 30 days
 of the date of the Business Combination Agreement and such party exercises the right to termination
 within such 30 day period (this termination right is no longer applicable as such fairness
 opinion was received on October 31, 2022); or 

- the
 Closing has not occurred on or before the end of the Extension Period; 

the
 right of Complete Solaria to terminate the Business Combination Agreement if the Freedom
 Board or Freedom Special Committee changes its recommendation with respect to the Business
 Combination. 

Certain
Related Agreements and Transactions 

The
Required Transaction 

On
October 3, 2022, Complete Solar Holding Corporation (the predecessor of Complete Solaria) entered into that certain Agreement and Plan
of Merger with Complete Solaria Midco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Solaria Midco ),
Complete Solaria Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Midco, Solaria and Fortis Advisors, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company, solely in its capacity as the representative of Complete Solaria s stockholders (the Required
Transaction ). On November 4, 2022, the Required Transaction was consummated. 

Complete
Solaria Convertible Note Financing 

On
October 3, 2022, Complete Solaria entered into note subscription agreements (the Pre-Signing Complete Solaria Subscription Agreements with certain investors, consisting of (i) Rodgers Massey Revocable Living Trust RMRLT ), which is affiliated with T.J.
Rodgers, a former investor in Solaria, (ii) Tidjane Thiam, Executive Chairman of Freedom, (iii) Adam Gishen, Chief Executive Officer
of Freedom, and (iv) NextG, an affiliate of Edward Zeng, a director of Freedom, pursuant to which such investors agreed to purchase convertible
notes from Complete Solaria for an aggregate purchase price of 7 million. In addition, RMRLT purchased convertible notes from Complete
Solaria following the consummation of the Required Transaction in an amount equal to approximately 6.7 million in consideration for
RMRLT s former investment in Solaria, which was assumed and cancelled by Complete Solaria. 

The
Business Combination Agreement also contemplates that, following the date of the Business Combination Agreement, Complete Solaria will
enter into additional subscription agreements on terms substantially similar to, or no less favorable in all material respects to Complete
Solaria than, the Pre-Signing Complete Solaria Subscription Agreements (the Post-Signing Complete Solaria Subscription Agreements 
and, together with the Pre-Signing Complete Solaria Subscription Agreements, the Complete Solaria Subscription Agreements with additional investors pursuant to which such investors agree, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, to purchase
convertible notes from Complete Solaria for an aggregate purchase price of up to 23 million. In November 2022, December 2022, and February
2023, Complete Solaria entered into note subscription agreements with additional investors, pursuant to which such investors purchased
convertible notes from Complete Solaria for an aggregate purchase price of 16 million. 

Sponsor
Support Agreement 

On
October 3, 2022, Freedom entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement with Freedom Acquisition
I LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (the Sponsor ), certain directors and officers of Freedom, and Complete
Solaria, pursuant to which the Sponsor and each such director and officer of Freedom has agreed to, among other things, (i) vote in favor
of the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) not redeem their Freedom ordinary shares, (iii)
from the Closing, at each of the first three annual meetings of the stockholders of Complete Solaria vote all of their shares of common
stock of Complete Solaria in favor of Mr. Thiam for election to the board of directors of Complete Solaria, and (iv) be bound by certain
other agreements and covenants related to the Business Combination, including vesting and forfeiture restrictions with respect to certain
shares held by the Sponsor. 

5 

Complete
Solaria Stockholder Support Agreement 

On
October 3, 2022, Freedom entered into a Company Stockholders Support Agreement (the Complete Solaria Stockholder Support Agreement with Complete Solaria and certain stockholders of Complete Solaria (the Complete Solaria Stockholders ). Under the Complete
Solaria Stockholder Support Agreement, each Complete Solaria Stockholder has agreed to, among other things (i) vote its shares, (ii)
execute and deliver a written consent adopting the Business Combination Agreement and related transactions and approving the Business
Combination, (iii) from the Closing, at each of the first three annual meetings of the stockholders of Complete Solaria vote all of its
shares of Complete Solaria common stock in favor of Mr. Thiam for election to the board of directors of Complete Solaria, and (iv) be
bound by certain other agreements and covenants related to the Business Combination. 

Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 

The
Business Combination Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, Complete Solaria, the Sponsor, certain equityholders of Complete Solaria
and certain of their respective affiliates, as applicable, and the other parties thereto, will enter into an Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement (the A R Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which Complete Solaria will grant customary registration
rights to the other parties thereto, including to register for resale, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ), certain securities of Complete Solaria held by the other parties thereto. 

Lock-Up
Agreement 

The
Business Combination Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, Complete Solaria, the Sponsor, the Sponsor Key Holders (as defined
in the Lock-Up Agreement) and Complete Solaria Key Holders (as defined in the Lock-Up Agreement), will enter into a Lock-Up Agreement
(the Lock-Up Agreement ). 

The
Lock-Up Agreement contains certain restrictions on transfer with respect to securities of Complete Solaria to be held by the Sponsor,
Sponsor Key Holders and Complete Solaria Key Holders immediately following the Closing (including shares of Complete Solaria common stock
and any such shares issuable upon the exercise, conversion or settlement of derivative securities and promissory notes). Such restrictions
begin at the Closing and end on the earlier of (x) the 12 month anniversary of the Closing and (y) the date on which the volume weighted
average price of Complete Solaria common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 consecutive trading day period beginning after the date that is
180 calendar days after the Closing and ending 365 calendar days following the Closing. 

Except
as specifically discussed, this Annual Report does not assume the closing of the Business Combination and related transactions. 

Initial
Business Combination 

The
rules of the NYSE require and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we must consummate an initial
business combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets
held in the trust account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commission held in trust) as determined at the time of our
signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. This is the case with respect to the proposed Business
Combination with Complete Solaria. If we do not complete the proposed Business Combination with Complete Solaria, and instead pursue
an alternative business combination and our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial
business combination (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or a valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it likely that our
board of directors will be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it
may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount
of uncertainty as to the value of the target s assets or prospects. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive
agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior written consent of NextG. NextG has consented to our proposed Business
Combination with Complete Solaria. 

6 

Our
proposed Business Combination with Complete Solaria is structured so that the post-transaction company will own all of the equity interests
of Complete Solaria. If we do not complete the proposed Business Combination and pursue an alternative initial business combination,
we may structure it similarly or we may structure it such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of the equity
interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other
reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the
post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business
combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the
target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares
in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target, or issue a substantial number of
new shares to third parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling
interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior
to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business
combination. If less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired
by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account
for purposes of the 80 of net assets test described above. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 
of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
executive offices are located at 14 Wall Street, 20th Floor, New York, 10005, and our telephone number is (212) 618-1798. Our corporate
website address is freedomac1.com. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not
deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report. 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman
Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have received
a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised)
of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing
any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be
levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on
or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend
or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a
debenture or other obligation of us. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in
our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation
and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

7 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated
with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary
shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 100 million
during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed 700 million as of
the prior June 30. 

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

On
October 3, 2022, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement to consummate a proposed Business Combination with Complete Solaria,
as described under The Proposed Business Combination. If the proposed Business Combination with Complete Solaria
is not consummated, we may seek to effectuate a business combination with another target business, as described below. 

General 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our initial public
offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the
sale of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant
to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank
or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to
the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for
payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares,
we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including
for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

We
anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers
and private investment funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited
through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited
basis, since many of these sources will know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their
affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their business contacts as
a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition,
we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result
of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services
of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or
other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined
in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management
determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us
on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder s
fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account.
In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be
paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior to, or for any services they render in order to
effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

8 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
a committee of independent and disinterested directors would consider, review and approve the transaction. Additionally, we, or a committee
of independent and disinterested directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or a valuation or appraisal
firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such
an opinion in any other context. 

Evaluation
of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable,
as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move
forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company
will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or
in connection with our initial business combination. 

In
addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior written
consent of NextG. NextG has consented to our proposed Business Combination with Complete Solaria. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
 have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our
 initial business combination, and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products
 or services. 

9 

Redemption
Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. At the completion of our initial business combination, we
will be required to purchase any ordinary shares properly delivered for redemption and not withdrawn. The amount in the trust account
is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their
shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. There will be no redemption rights
upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Limitations
on Redemptions 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum
cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate
purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required
to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions
pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete
the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the
holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or
other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop
arrangements we may enter into, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial business combination
or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed
initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of
factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval
under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer. Asset acquisitions
and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where
we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association would typically require shareholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the NYSE,
we will be required to comply with the NYSE s shareholder approval rules. 

The
requirement that we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed
above is contained in provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will apply whether or not we
maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on the NYSE. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of
two-thirds of our ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon, so long as we offer redemption in connection with such amendment. 

If
we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with a general meeting, we will,
pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender
 offer rules, and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above. 

10 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman
Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company.
A quorum for such meeting will be present if the holders of a majority of issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting
are represented in person or by proxy. Our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors will count toward this quorum and, pursuant
to the letter agreement, our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and public
shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes
will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. These quorum and voting thresholds,
and the voting agreement of our initial shareholders, officers and directors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial
business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares without voting and, if they do vote, irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

If
a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate
 issuer tender offers, and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination
 which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more
than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase,
we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we
and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open
market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

We
intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their
shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent
or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian)
system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials,
this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In
addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption
of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote
in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring
public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process
any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public shareholders, which could delay redemptions
and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search
for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public shareholders who elected to redeem their
shares. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum
cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate
purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required
to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions
pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete
the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the
holders thereof. 

11 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to
more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering (the Excess Shares without our prior consent.
We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders
to use their ability to redeem their shares as a means to force us, our sponsor or our management to purchase their shares at a significant
premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than
an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s
shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms.
By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem to no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, we believe
we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business
combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However,
we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our
initial business combination. 

Delivering
Share Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights 

As
described above, we intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders
or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer
agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy
materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination.
In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption
of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote
in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring
public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have up to two business days prior
to the scheduled vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer
materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise
its redemption rights. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender
offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders
to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the
DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 80.00 and it
would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless
of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares
is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer
documents, as applicable (unless we elect to allow additional withdrawal rights). Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered
its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect
to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed
promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

12 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business Combination 

If
we have not completed our initial business combination during the Extension Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each
case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements
of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless
if we fail to complete our initial business combination during the Extension Period. 

Our
initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived
their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete
our initial business combination during the Extension Period. However, if our sponsor or management team acquire public shares, they
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial
business combination during the Extension Period. 

Our
initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose
any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated
an initial business combination during the Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares
such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of
our public shares at such time. 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.
However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the
extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay income taxes on interest income earned on the trust
account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest income to
pay those costs and expenses. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the
proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share
redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The funds deposited in the trust account
could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors, which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders.
We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.00.
While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors 
claims. 

13 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit
of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that
they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of
fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order
to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses
to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive
alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such
third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the circumstances. Examples of possible instances
where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum LLP, our independent registered
public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our initial public offering will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to
the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have
in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against
the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm) for
services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent,
confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below
the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case
less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed
a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply
to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result,
if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions
could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination,
and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors
will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In
the event that the funds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors, in exercising their business judgment, may choose not to do so in any particular instance
if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable
or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims
of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not
be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and
liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

14 

If
we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
the funds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy
estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims
deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally,
if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek
to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its
fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive
damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that
claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination during the Extension Period, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business
combination during the Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or
pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of our initial
business combination. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.
In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection
with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share
of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for
an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i)
no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain
from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any
interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate
opportunity for any director or officer on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We
currently utilize office space at 14 Wall Street, 20th Floor, New York, 10005. We consider our current office space adequate for our
current operations. 

Employees 

We
currently have one officer, Adam Gishen. Mr. Gishen and any additional officers that may be appointed are not obligated to devote any
specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we
have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a
target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We
have engaged certain employees and advisors to assist us with the completion of our initial business combination. 

15 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this Annual Report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following
events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading
price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Associated with the Business Combination Agreement 

We
may not be able to complete the proposed Business Combination with Complete Solaria. If we are unable to do so, we will incur substantial
costs associated with withdrawing from the transaction and may not be able to find additional sources of financing to cover those costs. 

In
connection with the Business Combination Agreement, we have incurred substantial costs researching, planning and negotiating the transaction.
These costs include, but are not limited to, costs associated with securing sources of debt financing, costs associated with employing
and retaining third-party advisors who performed the financial, auditing and legal services required to complete the transaction, and
the expenses generated by our officers, executives, managers and employees in connection with the transaction. If, for whatever reason,
the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement fail to close, we will be responsible for these costs, but will have
no source of revenue with which to pay them. We may need to obtain additional sources of financing in order to meet our obligations,
which we may not be able to secure on the same terms as our existing financing or at all. If we are unable to secure new sources of financing
and do not have sufficient funds to meet our obligations, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. 

If
the proposed Business Combination with Complete Solaria fails, it may be difficult to complete a business combination with a new prospective
target business, negotiate and agree to a new business combination, and/or arrange for new sources of financing by the end of the Extension
Period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

Finding,
researching, analyzing and negotiating with Complete Solaria took a substantial amount of time and effort, and if the proposed Business
Combination with Complete Solaria fails for any reason, we may not be able to find, research, negotiate and agree to terms with, and/or
arrange for new sources of financing for a business combination with, a new prospective target business during the Extension Period,
in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

Risks
Associated with Our Business Strategy and Business Combination 

We
are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective. 

We
are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and all of our activities to date have been related to our
formation, our initial public offering and our search for a business combination target. Because we lack an operating history, you have
no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. If we fail
to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

16 

Past
performance by our management team, directors, advisors and their respective affiliates, including investments and transactions in which
they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment
in the Company. 

Information
regarding our management team, directors, advisors and their respective affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they
have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, is presented for informational purposes only. Not all of the businesses
in which our management team directors, advisors or their respective affiliates have invested have achieved the same level of value creation.
Any past experience and performance by our management team, directors, advisors and their respective affiliates and the businesses with
which they have been associated, is not a guarantee that we will be able to successfully complete our initial business combination, that
we will be able to provide positive returns to our shareholders, or of any results with respect to any initial business combination we
may consummate. You should not rely on the historical experiences of our management team directors, advisors and their respective affiliates,
including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, as indicative
of the future performance of an investment in us or as indicative of every prior investment by each of the members of our management
team directors, advisors or their respective affiliates. The market price of our securities may be influenced by numerous factors, many
of which are beyond our control, and our shareholders may experience losses on their investment in our securities. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company. Although our management
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately
prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate.
In the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s
expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding
the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As
a result, our management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders
or warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in
the value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful
as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective
business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise
their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to
have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable
law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder
approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust
account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion regarding fairness,
and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders
from a financial point of view. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion that such an initial
business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. While we have obtained a fairness opinion with respect to
the proposed Business Combination with Complete Solaria, if the transaction is not consummated and we seek to effectuate a business combination
with another target and no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will
determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in
our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

17 

We
have engaged or intend to engage one or more of the underwriters of our initial public offering or their affiliates to provide additional
services to us, including to act as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection
with a related financing transaction. The underwriters of our initial public offering are entitled to receive deferred commissions that
will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause the underwriters
to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us, including, for example, in connection with the
consummation of an initial business combination. 

We
have engaged or intend to engage one or more of the underwriters of our initial public offering or their affiliates to provide additional
services to us, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent
in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We will pay the underwriters or their affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other
compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled to receive
deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The fact that the underwriters or their
affiliates financial interests are tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts
of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the consummation
of an initial business combination. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenue or earnings. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking
an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which
we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile
revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all
of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be
outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target
business. 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company.
Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to
pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with
a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

We
may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness
unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust
account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. 

Nevertheless,
the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

18 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on
 demand; 

our
 ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
 compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any prospective partner business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may
be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and other events and the status of debt and equity markets. 

We
may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have
meetings with potential investors or the prospective partner business s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable
to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination
will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning
the severity of COVID-19, the emergence of new COVID-19 variants and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others.
If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time or other events (such
as the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other
infectious diseases) occur, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a prospective partner business with
which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a
transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such
as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market
volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Finally, the
outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Item 1A.-Risk Factors 
section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This
lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

After
giving effect to the redemption of 23,256,504 Class A ordinary shares in connection with the Extension Amendment, we have approximately
 111,740,624 in our trust account that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into account the 3,018,750
of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account). 

19 

We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within
a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business
because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete
several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success
may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
 or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
they could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

We
may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares
will own or acquire less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such
business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business
combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties
in connection with financing our initial business combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target.
However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could
own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders
may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares
than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the
target business. 

20 

We
are dependent upon our officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. In addition, reputational
harm to our officers and directors could have adverse consequences on our ability to operate or consummate a business combination. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that
our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination.
In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will
have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations
and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our
directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect
on us. 

In
addition, certain of our officers and directors are currently, and may in the future be, a party to litigation, regulatory and other
government investigations and enforcement actions. This includes enforcement proceedings initiated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA) against Credit Suisse in September 2020, which covers the period during which certain of our officers and directors
were executives of Credit Suisse. Whether or not such proceedings are determined adversely to our officers and directors, the negative
publicity and reputational harm associated with such proceedings may divert resources and the attention of management from our business
and adversely impact our ability to consummate a business combination. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of
our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target
business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the
management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial
business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be
unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources
helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

In
addition, the directors and officers of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The
departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be
ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain
associated with the post-combination company following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management
of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination,
and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may
provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could
make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such
individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman
Islands law. 

21 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary
to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly,
any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer
a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in
value. 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business
combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The
role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the post-combination business following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

We
may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder
shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders
and likely present other risks. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par
value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preferred shares, par value 0.0001
per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 165,500,000 and 11,375,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B
ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amounts do not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise
of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically
convertible into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination,
initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities related to our initial business
combination. As of December 31, 2022, there were no preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon
conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result
of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or in connection with
the redemption of our public warrants. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other
things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof
to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be
amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preferred shares may: 

significantly
 dilute the equity interest of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, which dilution would
 increase in the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares result in the issuance
 of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class
 B ordinary shares; 

22 

subordinate
 the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights
 senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

cause
 a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which
 may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

have
 the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership
 or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

adversely
 affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

not
 result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

Unlike
some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary
shares if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

The
founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of
our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection
with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal,
in the aggregate, 20 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions
of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or
issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with the consummation
of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible
into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private
placement warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion
of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

Resources
could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts
to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders
may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The
investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents
and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants
and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed
transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of
reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially
adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for
distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

23 

Our
public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote,
holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though
a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder
approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder
approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us,
solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the
transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our founder
shares will participate in the vote on such approval and have agreed to vote in favor of our initial business combination. Accordingly,
we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our ordinary shares do not approve of the business
combination we complete. 

Your
only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial
business combination. While we will hold a shareholder vote to approve our proposed Business Combination with Complete Solaria, if the
Business Combination is not consummated and we seek to effectuate a business combination with another target business, our board of directors
may complete such business combination without seeking shareholder approval, and then public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity
to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to effect your investment
decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which
will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our
initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in
favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Our
initial shareholders own approximately 43.4 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (after giving effect to the redemption of
23,256,504 Class A ordinary shares in connection with the Extension Amendment). Our initial shareholders and management team also may
from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial business combination
will be approved if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of
the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, including the founder shares. As a result, in addition to our
initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 1,309,249, or 11.6 , of the 11,243,496 Class A ordinary shares to be voted
in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder
approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial shareholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial
business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive an ordinary resolution, being the requisite shareholder approval
for such initial business combination. 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum
cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate
purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination
even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for
all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to
the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business
combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we
instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

24 

We
have amended our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the time to consummate an initial business combination,
and we cannot assure you that we will not seek to further amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing
instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. 

In
order to effectuate a business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions
of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, we have amended our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association to extend the time to consummate an initial business combination, and other special purpose acquisition
companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and, with respect to their warrants, amended
their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of
a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (other than amendments
relating to the rights of holders of Class B ordinary shares to appoint or remove directors, which may be amended by a special resolution
passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting), and amending our warrant agreement will require
a vote of holders of at least 65 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement
warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, at least 65 of the then outstanding
private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination during the Extension
Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of the securities offered through our
initial public offering, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you
that we will not seek to further amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments or extend
the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

The
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and
corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of
holders of not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (or 65 of our ordinary
shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company with respect to amendments to the trust agreement governing the release
of funds from our trust account), which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies.
It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and trust agreement to facilitate
the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity
(including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants into the
trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders
as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of
a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (other than amendments
relating to the rights of holders of Class B ordinary shares to appoint or remove directors, which may be amended by a special resolution
passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting), and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement
governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares who attend
and vote at a general meeting of the company. Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 43.4 of our ordinary shares
(after giving effect to the redemption of 23,256,504 Class A ordinary shares in connection with the Extension Amendment), may participate
in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and have the discretion to
vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association that govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and
this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against
us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

25 

Our
initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose
any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated
an initial business combination during the Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class
A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes,
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these
agreements and, as a result, will not have the right to approve any waiver to these agreements and will not have the ability to pursue
remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders
would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target or prevent us from completing
the most desirable business combination or optimizing our capital structure. 

In
connection with the Extension Amendment, our public shareholders elected to redeem 23,256,504 Class A ordinary shares. After giving effect
to those redemptions, we have approximately 111,740,624 in our trust account (after taking into account the 3,018,750 of deferred underwriting
commissions being held in the trust account). The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not
be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination and such amount of deferred underwriting discount
is not available for us to use as consideration in an initial business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than
 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained
in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests
would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion
of our initial business combination, we would not proceed with such redemption of our public shares and the related business combination,
and we may instead search for an alternate business combination. If we do not consummate the proposed Business Combination with Complete
Solaria and we seek to effectuate a business combination with another target, then we may seek to enter into a business combination transaction
agreement with a minimum cash requirement. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in
the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, then the probability that our
initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, then
we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Alternatively,
we may seek to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third-party financing.
Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B ordinary shares results
in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time
of our initial business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business
combination transaction with us. If we are able to consummate an initial business combination, the per-share value of shares held by
non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit
our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

If
our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate
the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such
time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. You may suffer a material loss on your
investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are
able to sell your shares in the open market. 

26 

Because
we must furnish our shareholders with the target business s financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise
advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and
pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer
documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in
accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP or
international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS depending
on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of
potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to
disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
frame. 

The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination during the Extension Period may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business
combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial
business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete
our initial business combination during the Extension Period. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we
may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the
timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination
on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

If
the funds available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements are insufficient to allow us to operate
for at least the Extension Period, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete
our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete
our initial business combination. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 72,923 available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. On each of April
1, 2022 and June 6, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of up to 500,000 to our sponsor; on December 14, 2022,
we issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of up to 325,000 to Tidjane Thiam, the Company s Executive Chairman, Adam
Gishen, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Edward Zeng, a director of the Company, and Abhishek Bhatia, a board observer of
the Company (collectively, the Convertible Notes ). The Convertible Notes may be drawn down from time to time until we complete
our initial business combination for general working capital purposes, as further described in Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. In addition, on February
28, 2023, we issued to our sponsor an unsecured promissory note in the amount of up to 2,100,000, 1,600,000 of which was drawn
down immediately, 400,000 of which may be drawn down, with the mutual consent of us and our sponsor, if we wish to
extend the date by which we will consummate a business combination beyond June 2, 2023, and 100,000 of which may be drawn down on an
as-needed basis at the discretion of our sponsor, to be used for general working capital purposes, as further described in Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Recent Developments Promissory
Note. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at
least the Extension Period; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a
portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use
a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements
designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more
favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current
intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from
a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not
have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

27 

We
have in the past and may in the future need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may
be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance
funds to, or invest in, us in such circumstances. Any such loans may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from
funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. After giving effect to the 1,325,000 principal amount of Convertible
Notes, up to 675,000 of additional loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post-business combination entity
at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior
to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights
to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient
funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may
only receive an estimated 10.00 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination. 

The
market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and
our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged
for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue
into the future. 

The
increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify
its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or
accept less favorable terms. Furthermore, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse
impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In
addition, after completion of any initial business combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from
claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to such initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our
directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity
and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

We
target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire solely with the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from
the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public shareholders and pay deferred underwriting commissions,
we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such
financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed
to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular
business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in
connection with the closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion
of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our
initial business combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution
to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete
our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure
to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None
of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business
combination. 

28 

We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination during the Extension Period, in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We
may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination during the Extension Period. Our ability
to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt
markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and,
while the extent of the impact of the pandemic on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial
business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being
unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact businesses we may seek to
acquire. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject, in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the
other requirements of applicable law. 

You
are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an
initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company
under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 as of the completion of
our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and we filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited
balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies,
such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means
our units were immediately tradable and we have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies
subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would have prohibited the release of
any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection
with our completion of an initial business combination. 

29 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive
only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

We
expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may
be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for
the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than
we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the
number of blank check companies looking for business combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many of these blank
check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing business combinations. While we
believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the
sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are
sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing
the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem
their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target
companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available
for distribution to public shareholders, which may only be 10.00 per share or possibly less in certain circumstances, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies increases, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial
business combination. This could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our
inability to find a suitable target for our initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies have
entered into business combinations with special purpose acquisition companies, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies
seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently in
registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to
identify a suitable target for an initial business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate
targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a
suitable target for and/or complete our initial business combination. 

Subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our
securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify
all material issues that may be present with a particular target business that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through
a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise.
As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment
or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected
risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though
these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature
could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate
net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue
of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any shareholders or
warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the
value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

30 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the funds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit
of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented
from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility
or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with
respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement
waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably
available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement
would be in the best interests of the company under the circumstances. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm,
and certain underwriters of our initial public offering will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in
the trust account. 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we have not completed our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise
of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors
that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount
received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of
such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than Marcum
LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third
party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or
not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such
indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available
for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to substantially less than 10.00 per public share. In such event,
we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with
any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without
limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. 

We
have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have
agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against
the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i)
we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify
our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

31 

The
securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value
of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The
proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less
or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they
have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in
recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt
similar policies in the United States. In the event that we do not to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share
of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income earned thereon (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest
income to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share
redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

If,
after we distribute the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such
proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith,
thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. 

If,
before distributing the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority
over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

If,
before distributing the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the funds held in the trust account could be subject to
applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with
priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that
would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in
the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In
the event that the funds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine
whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent
directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible
that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in
any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative
to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors
choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public
shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

32 

The
SEC has recently issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures
that we, a potential business combination target or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase
our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete
an initial business combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the
Trust Account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. 

On
March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals relating, among other things, to disclosures
in SEC filings in connection with business combination transactions between special purpose acquisition companies such as us and private
operating companies; the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections
by special purpose acquisition companies in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential
liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which special purpose acquisition
companies could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide special purpose
acquisition companies a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a special purpose
acquisition company s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The SPAC Rule Proposals have not yet been
adopted, and may be adopted in the proposed form or in a different form that could impose additional regulatory requirements on special
purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target or others may determine to
undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Rule Proposals,
may increase the costs and time of negotiating and completing an initial business combination, and may constrain the circumstances under
which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals may cause us to liquidate
the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. Were we to liquidate, our
warrants would expire worthless, and our securityholders would lose the investment opportunity associated with an investment in the combined
company, including potential price appreciation of our securities. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. To mitigate the
risk of being deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may instruct trustee of the trust account
to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and instead hold all funds in the trust account in a bank deposit account. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our
 initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements,
 including: 

registration
 as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations
 that we are currently not subject to. 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete
a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses
or assets with a view to resell or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive
investor. 

33 

As
described further above, the SPAC Rule Proposals relate, among other matters, to the circumstances in which special purpose acquisition
companies such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals
would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A)
of the Investment Company Act, provided that a special purpose acquisition company satisfies certain criteria, including a limited time
period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals
would require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company
for a business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering.
The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the
registration statement for its initial public offering. 

There
is currently some uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a special purpose acquisition company. We
completed our initial public offering in March 2021 and have operated as a blank check company searching for a target business with which
to consummate a business combination since such time. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating
as an unregistered investment company. 

The
amounts held in the trust account have, since our initial public offering and until the 24-month anniversary of our initial public offering,
been invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The longer that the funds in the trust account are held
in U.S. government securities or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, the greater risk that we may be considered
an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate. To mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been
operating as an unregistered investment company, prior to the 24-month anniversary of the consummation of our initial public
offering, we instructed Continental, the trustee with respect to the trust account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations
or money market funds held in the trust account and to hold all funds in the trust account in cash in a bank deposit account. Interest
on the bank deposit account is variable and yields materially less than the trust account s prior investments in U.S. government
treasury obligations and money market funds. 

If
we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional
expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that
are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. The trust account is intended as a holding
place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination during the Extension Period or (B)
with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or
(iii) absent an initial business combination during the Extension Period, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public
shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. 

Our
warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

On
April 12, 2021, the Acting Director of the Division of Corporation Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the SEC together issued a statement
regarding the accounting and reporting considerations for warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies entitled Staff
Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies (the SEC Statement ).
Specifically, the SEC Statement focused on certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers following a business
combination, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our warrants. 

34 

As
a result, included on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 contained elsewhere in this Annual Report are
derivative liabilities related to embedded features contained within our warrants. Accounting Standards Codification 815,
 Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance
sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the
statements of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations
may fluctuate quarterly based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect
that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses
could be material. 

We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely
affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose
any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

As described elsewhere in this Annual Report, we determined that a
material weakness exists in our internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex financial instruments,
accrued expenses and accounts payable, and foreign exchange transactions. As a result of this material weakness, our management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. This material weakness resulted in a material
misstatement of our warrant liabilities, change in fair value of warrant liabilities, additional paid-in capital, accumulated deficit
and related financial disclosures. 

To
respond to this material weakness, we have devoted, and plan to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation
and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable
accounting requirements, we are enhancing these processes to better evaluate our research and understanding of the nuances of the complex
accounting standards that apply to our financial statements, including providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials
and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting
applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives
will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Any
failure to maintain such internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations
on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our
operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations
by the stock exchange on which our ordinary shares are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could result
a material adverse effect on our business. Failure to timely file will cause us to be ineligible to utilize short form registration statements
on Form S-3 or Form S-4, which may impair our ability to obtain capital in a timely fashion to execute our business strategies or issue
shares to effect an acquisition. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities. 

We
can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified
or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement
and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful
in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify
irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 

35 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

In connection with our assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have determined that if we are unable to complete
a business combination during the Extension Period, then we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date
for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution, as well as our liquidity condition, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial
statements contained elsewhere in this report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going
concern. 

We may face litigation and other risks as a
result of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

As a result of the material weakness described
in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures, we face potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others,
claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the restatement and material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date of this Annual Report,
we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not
arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an
accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered
public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company
makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because
a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve
compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements,
our business combination may be contingent on our ability to comply with certain laws and regulations and any post-business combination
company may be subject to additional laws and regulations. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be
difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to
time, including as a result of changes in economic, political, social and government policies, and those changes could have a material
adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.
In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could
result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information
systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the
cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early
stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences.
We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents.
It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial
loss. 

36 

Risks Associated with Our Securities and Redemption 

The NYSE may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
are listed on the NYSE. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our
initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must
maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, following our initial public offering, we must maintain a
minimum amount in Shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public
holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s
initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain
the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, in order for our Class A ordinary shares to be listed upon the consummation of
our initial business combination, at such time, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our global
market capitalization would be required to be at least 200 million, the aggregate market value of publicly-held shares would be required
to be at least 100 million and we would be required to have at least 400 round lot holders. We cannot assure you that we will be able
to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If the NYSE delists any of our securities from
trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities
could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we cou ld
face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will
 require brokers trading in our Class A ord inary shares to adhere to more stringent
 rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading
 market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because our units and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the NYSE, our units,
Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating
the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and,
if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case.
While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies,
other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers,
or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer
listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in
each state in which we offer our securities. 

37 

Our initial shareholders control a substantial
interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do
not support. 

Our initial shareholders own approximately 20 
of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares and only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint or remove directors
in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Accordingly, our initial
shareholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support,
including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchase any additional
Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial
shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities. Factors
that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary
shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each
of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold
an annual general meeting to appoint or remove new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case
all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual
general meeting prior to our initial business combination, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a
minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position,
will control the outcome. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination
without the prior written consent of NextG. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion
of our initial business combination. 

We may not hold an annual general meeting until
after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to appoint directors. 

In accordance with NYSE corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE.
There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we
hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs
with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and
each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first general meeting) serving a three-year term. In addition, as holders
of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the
consummation of our initial business combination. 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best
interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of
and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that
otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Our letter agreement with our initial shareholders,
sponsor, officers and directors, subscription agreements, and registration rights agreement may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Our letter agreement with our initial shareholders,
sponsor, officers and directors contains provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares and private placement warrants,
indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the trust account.
The letter agreement, subscription agreements, and the registration rights agreement may be amended, and provisions therein may be waived,
without shareholder approval. On June 6, 2022, we amended our letter agreement to permit us to pay China Bridge Capital, which is an affiliate
of NextG, for certain advisory services and investment banking services to us in connection with a potential business combination. 

38 

You will not have any rights or interests in
funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to
sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only
in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations and on the
conditions described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business
combination during the Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or
pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business
combination during the Extension Period, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public
shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the funds held
in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares
or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of
our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for
submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender
offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with
these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such shareholder may not
become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will
furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that
must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public
shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer
agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy
materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination.
In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption
of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote
in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any
other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. See the section of this
Annual Report entitled Item 1. Business Delivering Share Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the
shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However,
we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial
business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business
combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally,
you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as
a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to
sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

39 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business
combination within the allotted time period, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond the Extension Period before redemption
from our trust account. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business
combination within the allotted time period, the funds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held
in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the
redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected
automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we
are required to wind-up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part
of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies
Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the allotted time period before the redemption proceeds of our trust account
become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the funds from our trust account. We have no obligation
to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business
combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and only then in cases where
investors have properly sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders
be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period and do not
amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior thereto. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims
by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation,
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date
on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result,
a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company
to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that
claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted
any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of 18,293 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants
unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available. 

If the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares
upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable
state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire
worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price
solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. 

We have not registered, and will not register
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time.
However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business
days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration
statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of
the warrants and thereafter will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days
following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrants until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in
the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference
therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. 

If the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to
exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis, in which
case the number of Class A ordinary shares that the holders of warrants will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula
subject to a maximum number of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 

40 

In no event will warrants be exercisable for cash
or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance
of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption
from registration or qualification is available. 

If our Class A ordinary shares are at the time
of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security 
under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants
to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in
the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares
underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable
efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is
not available. 

In no event will we be required to net cash settle
any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the warrants
in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state
securities laws. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial
shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and
the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant to an agreement that was entered into
concurrently with the consummation of our initial public offering, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand
that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, holders of our private placement
warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working
capital loans may demand that we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants.
We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for
trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence
of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders
of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the
negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders,
holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered
for resale. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in
a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public
warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of
Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants are issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but
requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects
the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse
to a holder of public warrants if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although
our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited,
examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants
into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

41 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make
it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If (i) we issue additional ordinary shares or
equity-linked securities for capital-raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued
Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of
the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and
(iii) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value of our Class
A ordinary shares is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal
to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively.
This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding
warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, if, among other things,
the last reported sales price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending
on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value ).
If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the
underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants as described above could
force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so,
(ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal
redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the
Market Value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsors
or their permitted transferees. 

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the
outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among
other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise
their warrants prior to redemption for a number of our Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market
value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would
have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate
the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 of our Class A
ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the
market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We have issued warrants to purchase 8,625,000
Class A ordinary shares and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate
of 6,266,667 private placement warrants, at 1.50 per warrant. In addition, as described in Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources, our sponsor and its affiliates
made working capital loans to us in the aggregate amount of 1,325,000, which are convertible into 883,333 private placement warrants,
at a price of 1.50 per warrant. If our sponsor makes any additional working capital loans, it may convert those loans into up to an additional
450,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. To the extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a business
transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants
could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued
and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction.
Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

42 

Because each unit contains one-fourth of one
redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition
companies. 

Each unit contains one-fourth of one redeemable
warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole warrants
will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise,
round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from
other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established
the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination
since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-fourth of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole
warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive business combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless,
this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller
reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth
company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our
Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would
no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities
less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of
our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less
active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when
a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted
out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
did not exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal
year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30.
To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other
public companies difficult or impossible. 

43 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to
applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including
under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive
forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions
in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of our warrant agreement,
is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
(a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the
personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such
court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant
holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant
holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant
holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage
such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect
to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters
in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result
in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of
the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal
courts may be limited. 

We are an exempted company incorporated under
the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon
our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time)
and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders
to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under
Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived
in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose
courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary
responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent
in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the
United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law.
In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United
States. 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder, our
Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts
of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state;
and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions
of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature.
In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the
courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without
retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation
to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman
Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty,
inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner,
or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive
or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent
proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

44 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders
may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or
controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

After our initial business combination, it is
possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside
the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after our initial business
combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside
of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their
legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated
upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

Risks Associated with Conflicts of Interest 

Certain members of our management team may be
involved in and have a greater financial interest in the performance of other entities with which they are affiliated, and such activities
may create conflicts of interest in making decisions on our behalf. 

Certain members of our management team may be
subject to a variety of conflicts of interest relating to their responsibilities to our sponsor and other entities with which they are
affiliated. Such individuals may serve as members of management or a board of directors (or in similar such capacity) to various other
affiliated entities. Such positions may create a conflict between the advice and investment opportunities provided to such entities and
the responsibilities owed to us. The other entities in which such individuals may become involved may have investment objectives that
overlap with ours. Furthermore, certain of our principals and employees may have a greater financial interest in the performance of such
other affiliated entities than our performance. Such involvement may create conflicts of interest in sourcing investment opportunities
on our behalf and on behalf of such other entities. 

Our officers and directors will allocate their
time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This
conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors are not required to,
and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. Our officers may engage in other business endeavors for which he
or she may be entitled to, or otherwise expect to receive, substantial compensation or other economic benefit, and our officers are not
obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board
members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts
of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs, which
may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers 
and directors other business affairs, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
Directors and Executive Officers. 

45 

Our officers and directors presently have, and
any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial business combination,
we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Certain of our officers and directors presently
have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including NextG and other
entities affiliated with NextG, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity
to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior
to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer
shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an
opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer on
the one hand, and us, on the other. 

In addition, our sponsor and our officers and
directors may sponsor, form, invest in or otherwise become involved with other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or
may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies,
businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not
believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

For a complete discussion of our officers 
and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers, Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Party Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Our officers, directors, security holders and
their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment
to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business
combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers. Nor do we have a policy that expressly
prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such
persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The personal and financial interests of our directors
and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination.
Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in
a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate
and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter
of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders 
rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

46 

We may engage in a business combination with
one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our initial shareholders, officers, directors
or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers
and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our initial shareholders, officers,
directors or existing holders, including businesses affiliated with NextG. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for
other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
 Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. We may enter into a business
combination with an entity affiliated with our initial shareholders, officers, directors or existing holders if we determine that such
affiliated entity meets our criteria and guidelines for a business combination as set forth in Item 1. Business Effecting
our Initial Business Combination Sources of Target Businesses and such transaction is approved by a majority of our independent
and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or a valuation or
appraisal firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic
or international businesses affiliated with our initial shareholders, officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of
interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders
as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Moreover, we may, at our option, pursue an affiliated
joint acquisition opportunity with one or more affiliates of NextG or with other entities to which an officer or director has a fiduciary,
contractual or other obligation or duty. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business
combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing equity to any such parties, which may give rise
to certain conflicts of interest. 

Since our sponsor, officers and directors will
lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they
may acquire), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our
initial business combination. 

On December 30, 2020, our sponsor paid 25,000,
or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain offering costs in exchange for 8,625,000 founder shares (retroactively adjusting for
the issuance of 1,437,500 founder shares resulting from a share dividend effected by the Company on February 25, 2021). The purchase price
of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued.
Our initial shareholders collectively own approximately 20 of our issued and outstanding shares. Our sponsor currently owns 8,502,500
founder shares and the independent directors each received 25,000 founder shares. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete
an initial business combination. 

In addition, our sponsor has purchased an aggregate
of 6,266,667 private placement warrants for an aggregate purchase price of 9,400,000, or 1.50 per warrant. The private placement warrants
will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our officers and
directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination
and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the deadline
nears for our completion of an initial business combination. 

Our initial shareholders stand to make a substantial
profit on the founder shares even if an initial business combination subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public
shareholders, and may have an incentive to recommend such an initial business combination to our shareholders. 

Our initial shareholders paid an aggregate of
 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per founder share. As a result of the low acquisition cost of our founder shares, our initial shareholders
could make a substantial profit even if we select and consummate an initial business combination with an acquisition target that subsequently
declines in value or is unprofitable for our public shareholders. Thus, they may have more of an economic incentive for us to enter into
an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker-performing or financially unstable business, or an entity lacking an established
record of revenues or earnings, than would be the case if such parties had paid the full offering price for their founder shares. 

Risks Associated with Tax Matters 

We believe that we were a passive foreign investment
company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

Because we are a blank check company, with no
current active business, we believe that we were a PFIC for our 2020, 2021 and 2022 taxable years. If we were a PFIC for any taxable year
(or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. investor that is a holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants,
the U.S. investor may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements.
We will endeavor to provide to a U.S. investor such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including
a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. investor to make and maintain a qualified electing fund 
election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable
with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application
of the PFIC rules. For a more detailed explanation, see the description under the caption Taxation United States Federal
Income Tax Considerations Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules in our final prospectus filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on March 1, 2021 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act (File No. 333-252940). 

47 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. 

We may, in connection with our initial business
combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target
company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable
income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is
a tax transparent entity (or may otherwise result in adverse tax consequences). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders
or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect
to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

There may be tax consequences to our business
combinations that may adversely affect us or our shareholders. 

While we expect to undertake any merger or acquisition
so as to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or asset and us, such business combination might not meet the statutory requirements
of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of shares or assets. A merger
or acquisition that does not qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. tax purposes could result in the imposition of substantial
taxes. 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign
Countries 

If we effect our initial business combination
with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us. 

If we pursue a target company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with
investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would
be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

In addition, we would be subject to risks associated
with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination,
conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies
and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial business combination
with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international
setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

48 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges in managing and staffing international operations; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks and wars, including the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately address these
additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such
initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

If our management following our initial business
combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws,
which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business combination, our
management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time
of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities
laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar
with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our
operations. 

After our initial business combination, substantially
all of our assets may be located in foreign countries and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such
countries. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and
social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the countries in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the countries in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could
be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the
future such countries economies experience a downturn or grow at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending
in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find
an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and, if we effect our initial business combination,
the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

49 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies
may cause a target business s ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all
revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency or several foreign currencies, and the dollar equivalent of our net
assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of such foreign currencies. The value of the
currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any
change in the relative value of such currencies against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or,
following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency
appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as
measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements
and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In connection with our initial business combination,
we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the
laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing
laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce
or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 

We are subject to changing laws and regulations
regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and regulations by various
governing bodies, including, for example, the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are charged with the protection of investors and
the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our
efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general
and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and
standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available.
This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions
to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may
be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 

We employ a mail forwarding service, which may
delay or disrupt our ability to receive mail in a timely manner. 

Mail addressed to the Company and received at
its registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by the Company to be dealt with. None of the Company,
its directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides registered office services in the Cayman
Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused in mail reaching the forwarding address, which may impair your ability
to communicate with us. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Property 

We currently maintain our executive offices at
14 Wall Street, 20 th Floor, New York, NY 10005. The cost for the space is included in the up to 10,000 monthly fee that we
pay our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no
material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their
capacity as such. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

50 

PART II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) Market
Information 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
are each traded on the NYSE under the symbols FACT.U, FACT and FACT WS, respectively. Our units
commenced public trading on February 26, 2021. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on April 19, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

On April 3,
2023, there was 1 holder of record of our units, 2 holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares, 6 holders of record of our Class
B ordinary shares and 2 holders of record of our warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may
be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance
Graph 

Not applicable. 

(f) Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

On December 30, 2020, our sponsor paid 25,000,
or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain offering costs in exchange for 8,625,000 founder shares (retroactively adjusting for
the issuance of 1,437,500 founder shares resulting from a share dividend effected by the Company on February 25, 2021). Our sponsor transferred
25,000 founder shares each to Noreen Doyle, William Janetschek and David Poritz and an aggregate of 47,500 founder shares to certain employees
and consultants. On April 8, 2022, David Poritz resigned from our board of directors and returned his 25,000 founder shares to our sponsor.
On May 10, 2022, Nell Cady-Kruse was appointed to our board of directors, and our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to her. As
a result, our sponsor now owns 8,502,500 founder shares. 

The founder shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one
basis, subject to certain adjustments. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed
issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder
shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving
effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued,
or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection
with the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable
for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination
and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that
such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. The term equity-linked securities refers
to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing
transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. 

51 

With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares
are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor,
each of whom are subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business
combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the ordinary shares equals or
exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination,
or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A
ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Our sponsor purchased 6,266,667 private placement
warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant in a private placement that occurred concurrently with the closing of our initial public offering
and generated gross proceeds of 9,400,000. Each private placement warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of
 11.50 per share. The proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants were added to the net proceeds from the initial public
offering held in the trust account. If we do not complete a business combination during the Extension Period, the private placement warrants
will expire worthless. The private placement warrants are non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held
by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. The sale of the private placement warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Use of Proceeds 

On March 2, 2021, we consummated our initial public
offering of 34,500,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of approximately 345.0 million. 

In connection with our initial public offering,
we incurred offering costs of approximately 19.18 million, inclusive of approximately 12.08 million in deferred underwriting commissions.
Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation fees related to our initial public offering. After deducting the underwriting
discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial business combination,
if consummated) and our initial public offering expenses, 345.0 million of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and certain
of the proceeds from the private placement of the private placement warrants (or 10.00 per unit sold in our initial public offering)
was placed in the trust account. The net proceeds of our initial public offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement
warrants are held in the trust account and invested as described elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

There has been no material change in the planned
use of the proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement as is described in the Company s final prospectus (File
No. 333-252940) dated February 26, 2021, which was declared effective by the SEC on February 25, 2021. 

(g) Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

52 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes thereto
which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. Certain information contained
in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a
Cayman Islands exempted company on December 23, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Our sponsor is Freedom Acquisition I LLC, a Cayman Islands
limited liability company. 

The registration statement for our initial public
offering (the Initial Public Offering became effective on February 25, 2021. On March 2, 2021, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 34,500,000 units, which included the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 4,500,000
units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments (the Units , and, with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares included in the Units, the Public Shares and, with respect to the one-fourth of one redeemable warrant included in
the Units, the Public Warrants ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 345.0 million, and incurring offering
costs of approximately 19.18 million, inclusive of approximately 12.08 million in deferred underwriting commissions. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 6,266,667 warrants (each, a Private
Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants and, together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants ),
at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant with the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 9.4 million. 

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement, approximately 345.0 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain
of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States with
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and, until the 24-month anniversary of the consummation of our initial
public offering, invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. To mitigate the risk of us being
deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company, prior to the 24-month anniversary of the consummation of
our initial public offering, we instructed Continental to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held
in the trust account and to hold all the funds in the trust account in cash in a bank deposit account, until the earlier of: (i) the completion
of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

If we have not completed a business combination
during the Extension Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to our obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to our outstanding Warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate a business combination within
the Combination Period. 

53 

Recent Developments 

Second Amendment
to the Business Combination Agreement 

On January 17, 2023, the Company, Complete Solaria,
First Merger Sub and Second Merger Sub entered into that certain Second Amendment to Business Combination Agreement (the Second
Amendment amending the Business Combination Agreement. 

The Second Amendment provides that, if the Company
and Complete Solaria determine in good faith by January 1, 2023 that it is probable that the Business Combination will be consummated
after March 1, 2023, the Company will be required to prepare (with the reasonable cooperation of Complete Solaria) and file with the SEC
a proxy statement pursuant to which it will seek the approval of its shareholders for proposals to amend the Company s organizational
documents to extend the time period for the Company to consummate its initial business combination for (x) up to an additional six (6)
months, from March 2, 2023 to September 2, 2023 (the original Business Combination Agreement provided for an extension from March 1, 2023
to September 2, 2023) or (y) such other period of time as the Company and Complete Solaria may mutually agree (the original Business Combination
Agreement contemplated no such prong (y)). In addition, the Second Amendment amends the Business Combination Agreement by changing the
latest permitted Agreement End Date (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) from September 1, 2023 to September 2, 2023. 

Amendment
to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles 

On February 28, 2023, Freedom held the Extraordinary
General Meeting of shareholders, at which holders of 35,373,848 ordinary shares, comprised of 26,773,848 Class A ordinary shares
and 8,600,000 Class B ordinary shares, were present in person or by proxy, representing approximately 82.02 of the voting power
of the 43,125,000 Outstanding Shares of Freedom entitled to vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting at the close of business on January
23, 2023, which was the Record Date for the Extraordinary General Meeting. The Outstanding Shares on the Record Date were comprised of
34,500,000 Class A ordinary shares and 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares. 

At the Extraordinary General Meeting, the shareholders
approved, by special resolution, the Extension Amendment Proposal, which extended the date by which Freedom must (i) consummate a merger,
amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, which Freedom refers
to as its initial business combination, (ii) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such initial
business combination, and (iii) redeem all of the Class A ordinary shares, included as part of the units sold in the initial public offering,
for an additional three months, from March 2, 2023 to June 2, 2023, and thereafter to up to three (3) times by an additional one month
each time (or up to September 2, 2023). The voting results for such proposal were as follows: 

For 
 Against 
 Abstain 
 
 35,047,305 
 326,543 
 0 

In connection with the Extension Amendment, public
shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 23,256,504 Class A ordinary shares at a redemption price of 10.21 per share, representing
approximately 67.41 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 237,372,952.
Following such redemptions, approximately 114,759,374 remained in the trust account and 11,243,496 Class A ordinary shares remain outstanding. 

At the Extraordinary General Meeting, the public
shareholders also approved the proposal to amend the Trust Agreement, by and between Freedom and Continental, as trustee, to reflect the
Extension Amendment. The amendment to the Trust Agreement provides that Continental shall commence liquidation of the trust account only
and promptly (x) after its receipt of the applicable instruction letter delivered by Freedom in connection with either the consummation
of an initial business combination or Freedom s inability to effect an initial business combination within the time frame specified
in Freedom s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or (y) upon the date that is the later of the end of the
Extension Period and such later date as may be approved by Freedom s shareholders in accordance with the amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, if the aforementioned termination letter has not been received by Continental prior to such date. The voting
results for such proposal were as follows: 

For 
 Against 
 Abstain 
 
 35,047,305 
 326,543 
 0 

54 

Promissory Note 

On February 28, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory
note in the amount of up to 2,100,000 to our sponsor. The proceeds of such promissory note, 1,600,000 of which was drawn down immediately, 400,000 of which may be drawn down, with the mutual consent of us and our sponsor, if we wish to extend the
date by which we will consummate a business combination beyond June 2, 2023, and 100,000 of which may be drawn down on an as-needed basis
at the discretion of our sponsor, will be used for general working capital purposes. Such promissory note bears no interest and is payable
in full upon the consummation of our business combination. A failure to pay the principal within five business days of the date specified
above or the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the promissory
note may be accelerated. The promissory note shall be forgiven by our sponsor if we are unable to consummate a business combination within
the time frame specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as amended from time to time), except to
the extent of any funds held outside of the trust account established in connection with our initial public offering. The issuance of
the promissory note was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. 

Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future
Events 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated
any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our Initial
Public Offering and identifying a target company for our initial business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues
until after completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and
cash equivalents held in the Trust Account and through changes in the fair value of our warrant liabilities. We incur expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had
net income of 5,982,340, which consisted of an unrealized gain on change in fair value of our warrant liabilities of 5,509,917,
interest income of 4,821,632 on our amounts held in the Trust Account, reduction of transaction costs incurred in
connection with IPO of 271,687, offset by 4,407,058 of operating costs consisting mostly of general and administrative expenses,
foreign currency exchange loss of 17,638 and change in the fair value of convertible notes of 196,200. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had
net income of 5,128,650, which consisted of an unrealized gain on change in fair value of our warrant liabilities of 9,381,750,
interest income of 105,681 on our amounts held in the Trust Account, offset by 3,782,028 of operating costs consisting mostly of
general and administrative expenses, foreign currency exchange loss of 1,475 and offering expenses related to warrant issuance of
 575,278. 

We classify the Warrants issued in connection
with our Initial Public Offering and Private Placement as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the warrant instruments to fair
value at each reporting period. These liabilities are subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any
change in fair value is recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. As part of the reclassification to warrant
liability, we recorded a portion of the offering costs associated with the Initial Public Offering as expense in the consolidated
statements of operations in the amount of 575,278 based on a relative fair value basis. For the period from the Initial Public
Offering to December 31, 2022, the change in fair value of the Warrants was a decrease in the liability of 14,147,084. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash outside the Trust Account of 72,923
in its operating bank accounts, 349,927,313 in marketable securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a business combination,
or to repurchase or redeem its stock in connection therewith, and a working capital deficit of 5,493,215. As of December 31, 2022, none
of the amount in the Trust Account was available to be withdrawn as described above. 

On each of April 1, 2022 and June 6, 2022, we
issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of up to 500,000 to our sponsor (the Sponsor Notes ). On December 14,
2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of up to 325,000 to Tidjane Thiam, Adam Gishen, Edward Zeng, and Abhishek
Bhatia (collectively, the Payees (such note, together with the Sponsor Notes, the Convertible Notes ). The
proceeds of the Convertible Notes, which may be drawn down from time to time until we consummate our initial business combination, will
be used for general working capital purposes. The Convertible Notes bear no interest and are payable in full upon the earlier to occur
of (i) twenty-four (24) months from the closing of our initial public offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with
the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) or (ii) the consummation of our business combination. A
failure to pay the principal within five business days of the date specified above or the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy
action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the Convertible Notes may be accelerated. Prior to our first payment of all
or any portion of the principal balance of the Convertible Notes in cash, our sponsor and the Payees, as applicable, have the option to
convert all, but not less than all, of the principal balance of the Convertible Notes into private placement warrants (the Conversion
Warrants ), each warrant exercisable for one of our ordinary shares at an exercise price of 1.50 per share. The terms of the Conversion
Warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Our sponsor and the Payees shall be entitled to certain registration rights
relating to the Conversion Warrants. The issuances of the Convertible Notes were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had drawn a total of 1,225,000 on
the Convertible Notes. 

55 

In addition, on February 28, 2023, we issued an
additional unsecured promissory note in the amount of up to 2,100,000 to our sponsor, as further described under Recent
Developments Promissory Note. 

We may raise additional capital through loans
or additional investments from the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor or certain of its directors and officers. The sponsor may, but
is not obligated to, lend us funds, from time to time in whatever amounts it deems reasonable in its sole discretion, to meet our working
capital needs. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing, however. Moreover, we may need to obtain
additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of its
public shares upon consummation of its business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously
with the completion of its business combination. 

If we are unable to raise additional capital,
it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing
operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new
financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 

Going Concern 

In connection with our assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements
 Going Concern, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, we have until the end of the Extension Period
to consummate a business combination. If a business combination is not consummated during the Extension Period, we will have a mandatory
liquidation and subsequent dissolution. Although we intend to consummate a business combination during the Extension Period, it is uncertain
that we will be able to do so. This, as well as our liquidity condition, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate at the end
of the Extension Period. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt obligations,
capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities other than described below. 

We have an agreement to pay the sponsor a total
of up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services. We began incurring these fees
on February 25, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the business combination and
our liquidation. 

We have an agreement to pay the underwriters
of our Initial Public Offering a deferred fee of 12,075,000 in the aggregate, which will become payable to them from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. As of October 25, 2022, and November 2, 2022, respectively, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
have waived their portions of the deferred underwriting fee which is reflected in the consolidated statement of operations and the
consolidated statement of changes in shareholders deficit as a reduction of transaction costs incurred in connection
with IPO. Therefore, the deferred underwriting fee was reduced by 9,056,250, of which 271,687 is shown in the consolidated statement of operations as a reduction of transaction
costs incurred in connection with the IPO and 8,784,563 is charged to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated statement of changes
in shareholders deficit. As a result of the reductions, the outstanding deferred underwriting fee payable was reduced to 3,018,750. 

56 

Critical Accounting Policies 

This management s discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On
an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued
expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies as discussed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by us
with the SEC on April 13, 2022. 

Our critical accounting policies are presented below: 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Redemption 

We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A
ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder
or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At
all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders deficit. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, 34,500,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity,
outside of the shareholders deficit section of our consolidated balance sheets. 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities 

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge
exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued share purchase
Warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480
and ASC 815-15. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or
as equity, is reassessed at the end of each reporting period. 

We account for our 14,891,667 Warrants issued
in connection with our Initial Public Offering (8,625,000) and Private Placement (6,266,667) as derivative warrant liabilities in accordance
with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value
at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in
fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants has been estimated using binomial lattice simulations at each measurement date. The fair value of the Public Warrants was initially estimated using Monte Carlo simulations.
After the Public Warrants were separately traded, the measurement of the Public Warrants used an observable market quote in an active
market. 

Net Income per Ordinary Share 

We have two classes of shares, which are referred
to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares.
The 14,891,667 potential ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants were excluded from diluted earnings per share for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because the Warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met.
As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the periods presented. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other
Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial
conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining
to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible
debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings
per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective
January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1,
2021. The guidance was adopted starting January 1, 2022. Adoption of the ASU did not impact our financial position, results of operations
or cash flows. 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our consolidated
financial statements. 

57 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have
any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

JOBS Act 

The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012
(the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public
companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting
pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or
revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which
adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the financial statements may not be comparable
to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating
the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth
in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among
other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory
audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements
(auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive
compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply
for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth
company, whichever is earlier. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of
this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

58 

We determined that a material weakness exists in our internal control
over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex financial instruments, accrued expenses and accounts payable, and foreign
exchange transactions. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Notwithstanding the determination that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective and that there was a material weakness as identified in this Annual Report, we believe that our consolidated financial
statements contained in this Annual Report fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the years covered
hereby in all material respects. 

As required by Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15
(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company; 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022 due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described above. 

To respond to this material weakness, management
has devoted, and plans to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of our internal control
over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we are enhancing
our system of evaluating and implementing the accounting standards that apply to our financial statements, including through enhanced
analyses by our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of
our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the
intended effects. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than as discussed herein, there were no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

59 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Tidjane Thiam 
 
 60 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 
 Adam Gishen 
 
 48 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Nell Cady-Kruse 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Noreen Doyle 
 
 73 
 
 Director 
 
 William Janetschek 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Edward Zeng 
 
 60 
 
 Director 

Our directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Tidjane Thiam, Executive Chairman 

Tidjane Thiam has served as our Executive Chairman
since our inception in December 2020. Since June 2020, Mr. Thiam has been a Director and the Chair of the Audit Committee of Kering S.A.,
the French luxury group. From 2015 to 2020, Mr. Thiam was Chief Executive Officer of Credit Suisse Group AG. From 2014 to 2019, Mr. Thiam
was a Director of 21st Century Fox and served on its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Thiam previously served at Prudential
plc, a global insurance company based on London, as the Group Chief Executive from 2009 to 2015, a Director from 2008 to 2015 and Group
Chief Financial Officer from 2008 to 2009. Mr. Thiam holds an MBA from INSEAD and graduated from Ecole Nationale Superieure des Mines
de Paris in 1986 and from Ecole Polytechnique in Paris in 1984. We believe Mr. Thiam s extensive leadership experience, broad network
and deep understanding of the financial services sector make him a valuable addition to our board of directors. 

Adam Gishen, Chief Executive Officer and Board
Observer 

Adam Gishen has served as our Chief Executive
Officer since February 2021 and serves as one of our initial board observers. From 2015 to 2020, Mr. Gishen served in several senior roles
at Credit Suisse Group AG, including Global Head of Investor Relations, Corporate Communications and Marketing and Branding. Prior to
2015, Mr. Gishen was a partner at Ondra Partners, a financial advisory firm and previous to this worked as a Managing Director at Nomura
and at Lehman Brothers in the area of Equity Capital Markets. Mr. Gishen graduated from the University of Leeds. 

Nell Cady-Kruse, Director 

Nell Cady-Kruse has served on our board of directors
since May 2022. Ms. Cady-Kruse is non-executive director of Barclays US LLC and Barclays Bank Delaware (appointed in December 2017 and
September 2016, respectively) and serves as Chair of both Board Risk Committees. In 2022, Ms. Cady-Kruse joined as an Independent Director
of Varagon Capital Corporation, a business development company. She also serves as an Advisory Board member of FutureBank, a fintech startup.
Ms. Cady-Kruse s executive career includes most recently the Global Chief Risk Officer, Wholesale Banking for Standard Chartered
Bank, based in Singapore. She retired from Standard Chartered in 2014. Prior to Standard Chartered, she spent nine years at Credit Suisse,
where her most recent role was Chief Risk Officer of the Asia Pacific region. Ms. Cady-Kruse received her MBA from Cornell SC Johnson
Graduate School of Management in 1985. She received her B.S. with Honors in Agricultural Economics from Cornell University. We believe
Ms. Cady-Kruse s extensive leadership experience, global network, and deep expertise across the financial services sector make her
a valuable addition to our board of directors. 

Noreen Doyle, Director 

Noreen Doyle has served on our board of directors
since our initial public offering. Ms. Doyle retired in April 2021 as Chair of the Board of Directors of Newmont Corporation, the world s
largest gold producer. She joined the Newmont Board in 2005 and since 2016 served as Chair of the Board and of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee. Previously she served as Chair of the Audit Committee. From 2004 to 2017, she served on the Board of Directors of
Credit Suisse Group AG, including as Vice Chair and Senior Independent Director from 2014 to 2017. Ms. Doyle has also served on the boards
of Rexam PLC and QinetiQ plc. In her executive career, Ms. Doyle was First Vice President of the European Bank for Reconstruction and
Development (EBRD) from 2001 to 2005, having previously served as head of Risk Management and of Syndications. Prior to EBRD, Ms. Doyle
was a senior officer at Bankers Trust Company (now Deutsche Bank) specializing in leveraged finance and natural resources. Ms. Doyle holds
an MBA from Tuck School at Dartmouth, where she served on its Board of Overseers, and a B.A. from the College of Mount Saint Vincent,
where she served on and chaired its Board of Trustees. We believe Ms. Doyle is well qualified to serve on our board of directors based
on her experience and network in the financial services industry. 

60 

William Janetschek, Director 

William Janetschek has served on our board of
directors since our initial public offering. Mr. Janetschek joined KKR in 1997 and retired in 2020 as a Partner and its Chief Financial
Officer. Mr. Janetschek was also a member of KKR s Balance Sheet Committee, Global Valuation Committee and Risk and Operations Committee.
Prior to joining KKR, he was a Tax Partner at Deloitte Touche LLP. Mr. Janetschek serves on the board of directors of Bilander Acquisition
Corp. He also serves as a sponsor and member of a variety of non-profit organizations including Student Sponsor Partners and St. Brigid
Catholic Church. Mr. Janetschek holds a M.S. from Pace University and a B.S. from St. John s University, where he is now the Chairman
of the Board of Trustees. We believe Mr. Janetschek s finance and operations experience makes him well qualified to serve on our
board of directors. 

Edward Zeng, Director 

Edward Zeng has served on our board of directors
since June 2022. Mr. Zeng is the Managing Director of China Bridge Capital, an independent investment bank, focusing on China-based, integrated
financial bridge and emerging technologies, and with locations in China and the United States. Mr. Zeng has been a technological entrepreneur
in China and has founded several internet-related Chinese companies, including Sparkice Inc. and Qianlong.com. Mr. Zeng holds a B.A. in
Applied Mathematics and a M.A. in Economic Management from Tsinghua University and a M.A. in Financial Economics from University of Toronto. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors consists of five members
and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those
directors appointed prior to our first general meeting) serving a three-year term. 

In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on the NYSE. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Nell Cady-Kruse, will expire at our first annual general
meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Noreen Doyle and William Janetschek, will expire at the second
annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Tidjane Thiam and Edward Zeng, will expire at
the third annual general meeting. 

Only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have
the right to appoint or remove directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to the rights of holders of Class B ordinary shares to appoint
or remove directors may be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general
meeting. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific
terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. 

Director Independence 

The rules of the NYSE require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director is defined
generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company
(either directly or as a partner, shareholder, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our
board of directors has determined that Nell Cady-Kruse, Noreen Doyle, and William Janetschek are independent directors as
defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only
independent directors are present. 

61 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has three standing committees:
an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of our audit committee, compensation
committee, and nominating and corporate governance committee is composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules, the
rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors, and the rules of the NYSE require that the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee of
a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board
of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website at
https://freedomac1.com/investor-resources/#resources/. 

Nell Cady-Kruse, Noreen Doyle, and William Janetschek
serve as the members and William Janetschek serves as chair of the audit committee. Nell Cady-Kruse, Noreen Doyle, and William Janetschek
are independent of and unaffiliated with our sponsor. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on
the audit committee must be independent. 

Nell Cady-Kruse, Noreen Doyle, and William Janetschek
are financially literate and our board of directors has determined that William Janetschek qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which
details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements,
(3) our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal
audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight
of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by
us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered
public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent
registered public accounting firm all relationships the registered public accounting firm has with us in order to evaluate their continued
independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report,
at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting
firm s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review,
or peer review, of the independent registered public accounting firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional
authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to
deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent
registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be
disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

62 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports
that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards
or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Nell Cady-Kruse, Noreen Doyle, and William Janetschek
serve as the members of the compensation committee, and Nell Cady-Kruse serves as chair of the compensation committee. Under the NYSE
listing standards, all the directors on the compensation committee must be independent. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
which details the purpose and responsibilities of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer s compensation,
evaluating our chief executive officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our chief executive officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and
equity based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers
and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above,
other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of up to 10,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, utilities, secretarial
and administrative support, other expenses and obligations of our sponsor and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind,
including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their
respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination.
Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible
for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other advisor
and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such advisor. However, before engaging
or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other advisor, the compensation committee will consider
the independence of each such advisor, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. 

63 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The members of our nominating and corporate governance
committee are Nell Cady-Kruse, Noreen Doyle, and William Janetschek. Noreen Doyle serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance
committee. Under the NYSE listing standards, all the directors on the nominating and corporate governance committee must be independent. 

We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance
committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board of
directors, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual general meeting or to fill
vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management
in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

The charter also provides that the nominating
and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used
to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other retention terms. 

We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our
business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders.
Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination
to our board of directors. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, or in the
past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes
in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based
solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022 there were no delinquent filers. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. You can review this document by accessing our public filings at the SEC s
web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of the committees of our board
of directors are provided on our website at https://freedomac1.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/Freedom-Acquisition-I-Corp.-Code-of-Ethics.pdf.
If we make any amendments to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments,
or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions requiring
disclosure under applicable SEC or NYSE rules, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website. 

64 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers
owe the following fiduciary duties: 

(i) duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

(ii) duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

(iii) directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

(iv) duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

(v) duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests;
and 

(vi) duty to exercise independent judgment. 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a
duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having
both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried
out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to
put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of
their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance
by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the memorandum
and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer
shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an
opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer on
the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or
directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Below is a table summarizing the other entities
to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual 
 
 Entity/Organization 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Tidjane Thiam 
 
 Kering S.A. 
 
 Luxury goods 
 
 Director and Chair of Audit Committee 

Publicis Group 
 
 Marketing and communications 
 
 Director and Member of Audit Committee 
 
 Adam Gishen 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 Nell Cady-Kruse 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 Noreen Doyle 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 William Janetschek 
 
 Bilander Acquisition Corp. 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Director 
 
 Edward Zeng 
 
 China Bridge Capital 
 
 Investment Bank 
 
 Managing Director 

There are also other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. Each
of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers
are not obligated to contribute any specified amount of time to our affairs. 

65 

Our initial shareholders purchased founder shares and private placement warrants. Our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally,
our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will
expire worthless. Furthermore, our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any
of any founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof) until the earlier to occur of: (i) one
year after the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the date following the completion of our initial business combination
on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having
the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last reported
sales price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lockup. 

The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will
not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our officers and directors
will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular
target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial business combination. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or completing the business combination
through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete an
initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, a committee of independent and
disinterested directors would consider, review and approve the transaction. Additionally, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested
directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or a valuation or appraisal firm that such an initial business
combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.
Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid
by the company any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the completion of our initial business combination. Further, we have agreed to pay our sponsor or an affiliate thereof up to 10,000 per
month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team and other expenses
and obligations of our sponsor. 

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned
conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

In the event that we submit our initial business
combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder
shares held by them, and they have agreed to vote any founder shares and public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to
which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the
extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification
against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred
in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We have purchased a policy of
directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement
or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. We have
also entered into indemnity agreements with them. 

66 

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse
against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us
if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. 

Our indemnification obligations may discourage
shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have
the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful,
might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent
we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the insurance
and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our officers or directors have received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We pay our sponsor or an affiliate thereof up to 10,000 per month for office space,
utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our management team and other expenses and obligations
of our sponsor. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor,
officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds
held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional
controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments
and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor,
officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials
furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount
of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be
responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended
to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority
of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure
that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although
it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after
our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with
us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability
of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for
benefits upon termination of employment. 

67 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares available to us at April 3, 2023, with respect
to our ordinary shares held by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our officers and directors; and 

all our officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned by them.
The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable
within 60 days of April 3, 2023. 

On December 30, 2020, our sponsor paid 25,000,
or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain offering costs in exchange for founder shares such that our sponsor owned 8,625,000
founder shares (retroactively adjusting for the issuance of 1,437,500 founder shares resulting from a share dividend effected by the Company
on February 25, 2021). Our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares each to Noreen Doyle, William Janetschek and David Poritz and an
aggregate of 47,500 founder shares to certain employees and consultants. On April 8, 2022, David Poritz resigned from our board of directors
and returned his 25,000 founder shares to our sponsor. On May 10, 2022, Nell Cady-Kruse was appointed to our board of directors, and our
sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to her. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company
had no assets, tangible or intangible. 

In connection with the Extension Amendment, 23,256,504
Class A ordinary shares were redeemed and 11,243,496 Class A ordinary shares remain outstanding after giving effect to such redemptions,
as further described in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Recent
Developments Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles. 

Class A ordinary shares 
 Class B ordinary shares(2) 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of 
Class 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of 
Class 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of 
Ordinary 
 Shares 
 
 Freedom Acquisition I LLC(3) 

8,502,500 
 98.6 
 42.8 
 
 Entities affiliated with Glazer Capital, LLC(4) 
 1,244,800 
 11.1 

6.3 
 
 Entities affiliated with Polar Asset Management Partners Inc.(5) 
 1,961,121 
 17.4 

9.9 
 
 Tidjane Thiam 

Adam Gishen 

Nell Cady-Kruse 

25,000 

Noreen Doyle 

25,000 

William Janetschek 

25,000 

Edward Zeng 

All directors and executive officers of FACT as a group (six individuals) 

75,000 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following is 14 Wall Street, 20th Floor, New York, 10005. 

(2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into
Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment. 

68 

(3) Freedom Acquisition I LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of such shares. Mr. Thiam, Mr. Gishen and Mr. Bhatia are the three managers
of our sponsor s board of managers. Each manager of Freedom Acquisition I LLC has one vote, and the approval of a majority of the
members of the board of managers is required to approve an action of Freedom Acquisition I LLC. Under the so-called rule of three, 
if voting and dispositive decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by three or more individuals, and a voting and dispositive
decision requires the approval of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s
securities. This is the situation with regard to Freedom Acquisition I LLC. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no individual manager of
Freedom Acquisition I LLC exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by Freedom Acquisition I LLC even those
in which he directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such
shares and, for the avoidance of doubt, expressly disclaims any such beneficial interest to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may
have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(4) The information in the table above is based solely on information contained in this shareholder s Schedule 13G/A under
the Exchange Act filed by such shareholder with the SEC on March 10, 2023. Glazer Capital, LLC Glazer Capital and Paul
J. Glazer, who serves as the managing member of Glazer Capital, have shared voting and dispositive power with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares held by certain funds and managed accounts to which Glazer Capital serves as investment manager (collectively, the Glazer
Funds ). The address for the Glazer Funds and Paul J. Glazer is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019. 

(5) The information in the table above is based solely on information contained in this shareholder s Schedule 13G under the Exchange
Act filed by such shareholder with the SEC on February 9, 2023, which was prior to the redemption of 23,256,504 Class A ordinary shares
in connection with the Extension Amendment, as further described in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations Recent Developments Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles. 
Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Ontario, Canada, serves as the investment advisor to Polar
Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company, which holds 1,961,121 Class A ordinary shares, and has sole voting and
dispositive power with respect to such shares. The address for Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto,
ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

Our sponsor and our directors beneficially own
approximately 20 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint
and remove directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Holders
of our public shares will not have the right to appoint or remove any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial business
combination. Because of this ownership block, our sponsor and our directors may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other
matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. 

In connection with our initial public offering,
our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,266,667 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at
 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per warrant, 9,400,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement that occurred
simultaneously with the closing of our initial offering. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold in our offering
except that the private placement warrants, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) will not be redeemable
by us (except as described in the registration statement for our initial public offering), (ii) will be subject to the transfer restrictions
described below, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. If we do
not complete our initial business combination during the Extension Period, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. 

Freedom Acquisition I LLC, our sponsor, and our
officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence for additional information regarding our relationships
with our promoters. 

69 

Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants 

The founder shares, private placement warrants
and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up
provisions in the agreement entered into by our sponsor and management team. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are
not transferable or salable (i) in the case of the founder shares, until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial
business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the last reported sales price of the Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination
and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange
or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion
or exercise thereof, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination except in each case (a) to our officers or
directors, any affiliate or family member of any of our officers or directors, any affiliate of our sponsor or to any member of the sponsor
or any affiliates of such members and funds and accounts advised by such members, (b) in the case of an individual, as a gift to such
person s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such person s immediate family, an affiliate
of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death
of such person; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers
made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection with the consummation of a business combination
at prices no greater than the price at which the shares or warrants were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman
Islands or our sponsor s limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of our sponsor, (g) in the event of our liquidation
prior to our consummation of our initial business combination; or (h) in the event that, subsequent to our consummation of an initial
business combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders
having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property; provided, however, that in the case
of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions
and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the (i) founder shares, which were
issued in a private placement prior to the closing of our initial public offering, (ii) private placement warrants, which were issued
in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such
private placement warrants and (iii) private placement warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans are entitled
to registration rights to require us to register the resale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement.
The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

As of December 31, 2022, we had no compensation
plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities were authorized for issuance. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

On December 30, 2020, our sponsor paid 25,000,
or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain offering costs in exchange for founder shares such that our sponsor owned 8,625,000
founder shares (retroactively adjusting for the issuance of 1,437,500 founder shares resulting from a share dividend effected by the Company
on February 25, 2021). Our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares each to Noreen Doyle, William Janetschek and David Poritz and an
aggregate of 47,500 founder shares to certain employees and consultants. On April 8, 2022, David Poritz resigned from our board of directors
and returned his 25,000 founder shares to our sponsor. On May 10, 2022, Nell Cady-Kruse was appointed to our board of directors, and our
sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to her. As such, our sponsor now owns 8,502,500 founder shares. Our sponsor and our directors
collectively own approximately 20 of our issued and outstanding shares as of our initial public offering. 

70 

In connection with our initial public offering,
our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,266,667 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at
 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per warrant, or 9,400,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement that
closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold
in our initial public offering except that the private placement warrants, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees,
(i) will not be redeemable by us (except as described in the registration statement for our initial public offering), subject to certain
limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination,
(iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. 

We currently utilize office space at 14 Wall Street,
20th Floor, New York, 10005 as our executive offices. We pay our sponsor or an affiliate thereof up to 10,000 per month for office space,
utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our management team and other expenses and obligations
of our sponsor. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly,
in the event the consummation of our initial business combination takes until 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering,
our sponsor will be paid an aggregate of up to approximately 240,000 10,000 per month) for office space, administrative and support
services, and other expenses and obligations of our sponsor and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. 

No compensation of any kind, including finder s
and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services
rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made
by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

Our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 under
an unsecured promissory note to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. These loans were non-interest bearing
and unsecured, and were repaid upon completion of the initial public offering out of the offering proceeds that had been allocated for
the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions) not held in the trust account. The value of our sponsor s
interest in this loan transaction corresponded to the principal amount outstanding under any such loan. 

On each of April 1, 2022 and June 6, 2022, we
issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of up to 500,000 to our sponsor (the Sponsor Notes ). On December 14,
2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of up to 325,000 to Tidjane Thiam, Adam Gishen, Edward Zeng, and Abhishek
Bhatia (collectively, the Payees (such note, together with the Sponsor Notes, the Convertible Notes ). The
proceeds of the Convertible Notes, which may be drawn down from time to time until we consummate our initial business combination, will
be used for general working capital purposes. The Convertible Notes bear no interest and are payable in full upon the earlier to occur
of (i) twenty-four (24) months from the closing of our initial public offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with
the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of Association) or (ii) the consummation of our business combination. A
failure to pay the principal within five business days of the date specified above or the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy
action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the Convertible Notes may be accelerated. Prior to the Company s first
payment of all or any portion of the principal balance of the Convertible Notes in cash, our sponsor and the Payees, as applicable, have
the option to convert all, but not less than all, of the principal balance of the Convertible Notes into private placement warrants (the
 Conversion Warrants ), each warrant exercisable for one ordinary share of the Company at an exercise price of 1.50 per share.
The terms of the Conversion Warrants would be identical to the warrants issued by the Company to the sponsor in a private placement that
was consummated in connection with our initial public offering. Our sponsor and the Payees shall be entitled to certain registration rights
relating to the Conversion Warrants. The Convertible Notes were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

71 

In addition, on February 28, 2023, we issued an
additional unsecured promissory note in the amount of up to 2,100,000 to our sponsor, as described under Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Recent Developments Promissory Note. The proceeds
of such promissory note, 1,600,000 of which was drawn down immediately, 400,000 of which may be drawn down, with
the mutual consent of us and our sponsor, if we wish to extend the date by which we will consummate a business combination beyond June
2, 2023, and 100,000 of which may be drawn down on an as-needed basis at the discretion of our sponsor, will be used for general working
capital purposes. Such promissory note bears no interest and is payable in full upon the consummation of our business combination. A failure
to pay the principal within five business days of the date specified above or the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy
action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the promissory note may be accelerated. The promissory note shall be forgiven
by our sponsor if we are unable to consummate a business combination within the time frame specified in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (as amended from time to time), except to the extent of any funds held outside of the trust account established
in connection with our initial public offering. The issuance of the promissory note was made pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or
certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us additional funds as may be required on a non-interest basis.
If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 675,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement warrants
of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical
to the private placement warrants described above. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek
loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such
funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

Any of the foregoing payments to our sponsor,
repayments of loans from our sponsor or repayments of working capital loans prior to our initial business combination will be made using
funds held outside the trust account. 

After our initial business combination, members
of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all
amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender
offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up
to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration rights agreement
with respect to the founder shares and private placement warrants, which is described under the heading Item 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Registration Rights. 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The audit committee of our board of directors
has adopted a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification of related party transactions. 
A related party transaction is any consummated or proposed transaction or series of transactions: (i) in which the company
was or is to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds (or is reasonably expected to exceed) the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of
the average of the company s total assets at year end for the prior two completed fiscal years in the aggregate over the duration
of the transaction (without regard to profit or loss); and (iii) in which a related party had, has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest. Related parties under this policy will include: (i) our directors, nominees for director
or officers; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities; (iii) any immediate family member
of any of the foregoing if the foregoing person is a natural person; and (iv) any other person who maybe a related person 
pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee will consider (i) the relevant
facts and circumstances of each related party transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be
obtained in arm s-length dealings with an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction,
(iii) whether the transaction contravenes our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes the relationship
underlying the transaction to be in the best interests of the company and its shareholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may
have on a director s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board s committees.
Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances
relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the
transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy will not permit any director or officer to participate
in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party. 

72 

Director Independence 

The rules of the NYSE require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director is defined
generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company
(either directly or as a partner, shareholder, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our
board of directors has determined that Nell Cady-Kruse, Noreen Doyle and William Janetschek are independent directors as
defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only
independent directors are present. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The firm of Marcum LLP, or Marcum, acts as our
independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees. During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 144,458 and 125,918, respectively,
for the services Marcum performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering and the audit of our December 31, 2022 financial statements
included in this Annual Report. 

Audit-Related Fees. During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to
the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. 

Tax Fees . During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and
tax planning. 

All Other Fees . During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting
firm other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee,
and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be
performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described
in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

73 

PART IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part
of this Annual Report: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-7 F-24 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be accessed on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, by and among the Company, Jupiter Merger Sub I Corp., Jupiter Merger Sub II LLC, Complete Solaria Holding Corporation, and the Solaria Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2022). 
 
 2.2 
 
 First Amendment to Business Combination Agreement, dated December 26, 2022, by and among the Company, Jupiter Merger Sub I Corp., Jupiter Merger Sub II LLC, and Complete Solaria, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 28, 2022). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Second Amendment to Business Combination Agreement, dated January 17, 2023, by and among the Company, Jupiter Merger Sub I Corp., Jupiter Merger Sub II LLC, and Complete Solaria, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 17, 2023). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 
 
 4.2 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 
 
 10.1 
 
 A Letter Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, among the Company and its officers and directors and Freedom Acquisition I, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Letter Agreement dated February 25, 2021, dated June 6, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 8, 2022). 

74 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment to Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 28, 2023, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, between the Company and certain security holders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, between the Company and Freedom Acquisition I LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated December 2, 2020, between the Company and Freedom Acquisition I LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Promissory Note, dated April 1, 2022, issued to Freedom Acquisition I LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Promissory Note, dated June 6, 2022, issued to Freedom Acquisition I LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 8, 2022). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Promissory Note, dated December 14, 2022, issued to Tidjane Thiam, Adam Gishen, Abhishek Bhatia, and Edward Zeng (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2022). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Promissory Note, dated February 28, 2023, issued to Freedom Acquisition I LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2023). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Company Subscription Agreement, dated October 3, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2022). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated October 3, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2022). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Company Stockholder Support Agreement, dated October 3, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2022). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

75 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on April 6, 2023. 

Freedom Acquisition I Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ Adam Gishen 

Name: 
 Adam Gishen 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacity and on the
dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Tidjane Thiam 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 
 April 6, 2023 
 
 Tidjane Thiam 

/s/ Adam Gishen 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Board 
 
 April 6, 2023 
 
 Adam Gishen 
 
 Observer 

/s/ Nell Cady-Kruse 
 
 Director 
 
 April 6, 2023 
 
 Nell Cady-Kruse 

/s/ Noreen Doyle 
 
 Director 
 
 April 6, 2023 
 
 Noreen Doyle 

/s/ William Janetschek 
 
 Director 
 
 April 6, 2023 
 
 William Janetschek 

/s/ Edward Zeng 
 
 Director 
 
 April 6, 2023 
 
 Edward Zeng 

76 

FREEDOM ACQUISITION I CORP. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 F-24 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Freedom Acquisition I Corp. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet s of Freedom Acquisition I Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in shareholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan
is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are
not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit s . We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

April 6, 2023 

F- 2 

FREEDOM ACQUISITION I CORP. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses - short term 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses - long term 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Redeemable Ordinary Shares and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Convertible promissory note related party 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriters discount payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 7) 

Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption shares subject to possible redemption at redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 
 () 

Total Liabilities, Redeemable Ordinary Shares and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

FREEDOM ACQUISITION I
CORP. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Foreign currency exchange loss 

Interest income on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Reduction
of transaction costs incurred in connection with IPO 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of convertible note 

Offering expenses related to warrant issuance 

Total other income, net 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

FREEDOM ACQUISITION I CORP. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Sale of Units on March 2, 2021 through public offering 

Excess of the fair value of private placement warrants over cash received 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Proceeds received on convertible note less than fair value 

Accretion portion net against additional paid-in-capital 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Reduction of deferred underwriting fee payable 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

() 
 () 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

FREEDOM ACQUISITION I
CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of convertible note 

Change in deferred underwriting fee 

Offering costs allocated to warrants 

Changes in current assets and current liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from Initial Public Offering, net of underwriters discount 

Proceeds from issuance of Private Placement Warrants 

Proceeds from issuance of Convertible Promissory Note 

Repayment of promissory note to related party 

Payments of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning 

Cash Ending 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities: 

Initial value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Initial value of warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriters discount payable charged to additional paid-in capital 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Deferred offering costs paid under promissory note 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

FREEDOM ACQUISITION I CORP. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered,
the public share ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 4. 

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of per Private Placement
Warrant, which is discussed in Note 5. 

, consisting of of
underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. Of the total transaction
cost, was expensed as non-operating expenses in the consolidated statement of operations with the rest of the offering cost
charged to shareholders deficit for the year ended December 31, 2021. The transaction costs were allocated based on the relative
fair value basis, compared to the total offering proceeds, between the fair value of the public warrant liabilities and the Class A ordinary
shares. 

from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
was placed in a trust account Trust Account ). The funds in the Trust Account have, since the IPO and until the 24-month anniversary
of the consummation of the IPO, been invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund
meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company. To mitigate the risk of
the Company being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company, prior to the 24-month anniversary of
the consummation of the IPO, the Company instructed Continental, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S.
government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and to hold all the funds in the Trust Account in cash
in a bank deposit account. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company
to pay its tax obligations, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the private placement units will not be released from the Trust
Account until the earliest of (a) the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any public
shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
and (c) the redemption of the Company s public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination during
the Combination Period (as defined below), subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject
to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public shareholders. 

F- 7 

of the balance in the Trust Account
(net of taxes payable) at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete
a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). 

either
immediately prior to or upon consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of
the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

of the outstanding
public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company, divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further described in the registration statement, and then seek to
dissolve and liquidate. 

per public share
and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less
than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not
apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in
the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the
underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). However, the Company has not asked its Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently
verified whether its Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Company s Sponsor s
only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that its Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

F- 8 

available for working capital needs. All remaining cash held in the Trust Account is generally unavailable for the Company s
use prior to an initial Business Combination and is restricted for use either in a Business Combination or to redeem ordinary shares.
The Company may elect to withdraw from the interest income earned on the trust account to pay the Company s tax obligations. As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had interest income earned on the trust account of . 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly-traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly-traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased
at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 9 

. 

Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2022 (unaudited) 

Total Liabilities 

Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Net Income (Loss) 

Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) per shares, Class A Ordinary Shares

Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) per shares, Class B Ordinary Shares

Condensed Statement of Operations for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2022 (unaudited) 

Operational Costs 

Net Income (Loss) 

Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) per shares, Class A Ordinary Shares

Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) per shares, Class B Ordinary Shares

Condensed Statement of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2022 (unaudited) 

Operational Costs 

Net Income (Loss) 

Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) per shares, Class A Ordinary Shares

Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) per shares, Class B Ordinary Shares

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2022 (unaudited) 

Net Income (Loss) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

F- 10 

F- 11 

in a money market fund with a maturity of 180 days or less. Following the
maturity of the U.S. Treasury Securities on December 1, 2022, the Company immediately reinvested the entirety of the Trust Account
into a money market fund. The money market fund is disclosed at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31,
2021, investment in the Company s Trust Account consisted of in cash and in U.S. Treasury
Securities. All of the U.S. Treasury Securities (the T-bills matured on March 3, 2022 and the Company purchased new
T-bills. The Company considers all investments with original maturities of more than three months but less than one year to be
short-term investments. The carrying value approximates the fair value due to its short-term maturity. The carrying value, excluding
gross unrealized holding losses and fair value of held to maturity securities on December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

U.S. Treasury Securities 

F- 12 

. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented
at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s consolidated balance
sheets, respectively. 

potential
ordinary shares for outstanding warrants to purchase the Company s shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met.
As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the periods presented. The table
below presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net income per share for each class
of ordinary share: 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

F- 13 

have been charged to temporary equity (consisting of of underwriting fees,
 of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs). Of the total transaction cost,
 was recorded as a non-operating expense in the consolidated statements of operations, with the rest of the offering
cost charged to temporary equity. The transaction costs were allocated based on the relative fair value basis, compared to the total
offering proceeds, between the fair value of the public warrant liabilities and the Class A ordinary shares. As of October 25, 2022,
and November 2, 2022, respectively, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. have waived their portions of the
deferred underwriting fee which is reflected in the consolidated statement of operations and the consolidated statement of changes
in shareholders deficit as a reduction of transaction costs incurred in connection with IPO. Therefore, the deferred underwriting fee was
reduced by , of which is shown in the consolidated statement of operations as a reduction of transaction
costs incurred in connection with the IPO and is charged to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated statement of changes in shareholders deficit. As a result of the reductions, the outstanding deferred underwriting fee payable was reduced to
 . 

ordinary shares warrants
issued in connection with its Initial Public Offering ) and Private Placement ) as derivative warrant liabilities
in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the
instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised,
and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the Private
Placement Warrants has been estimated using Monte Carlo simulations at each measurement date. The fair value of the Public Warrants was
initially estimated using Monte Carlo simulations. After the Public Warrants were separately traded, the measurement of the Public Warrants
used an observable market quote in an active market. 

F- 14 

Units, (at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A Ordinary shares, par value
 per share one-fourth of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one share of Class A Ordinary shares at a price of per share. 

Class A ordinary share sold as part of the Units
in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company s liquidation,
if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to
the Company s certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments,
which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares
subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Ordinary share issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Contingently redeemable ordinary share as of December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Contingently redeemable ordinary share as of December 31, 2022 

F- 15 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant in
the aggregate), each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of per
share. A portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from our Initial Public Offering to
be held in the Trust Account. 

,
or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for Class B ordinary
shares, par value per share (the Founder Shares ). On February 25, 2021, the Company effected a share dividend
whereby the Company issued Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of Class B ordinary
shares outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share dividend. 

per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial Business Combination
which results in its shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the Founder Shares
will be released from the Lock-up. 

shares to one of the Company s directors following the departure of a previous director. The transfer of the Founders Shares is
in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based
compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. 

shares transferred to the Company s
director was or per share. The transfer of the shares was granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence
of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable
of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date
a Business Combination is considered probable in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares times the transfer date fair value per
share (unless subsequently modified). Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A shares at a one-to-one ratio upon completion
of a Business Combination. The Founder Shares will receive no distributions if the Company is liquidated prior to a Business Combination.
In addition, the holders of the Founder Shares are restricted from transferring the Founder Shares and the Class A shares received upon
conversion until nine months to a year after a Business Combination. 

F- 16 

to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Promissory Note ).
This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2022 or the completion of the IPO. 

of additional Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post Business
Combination entity at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement
Warrants. Prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination, the Company does not expect to seek loans from parties other than
the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor as the Company does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide
a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Company s Trust Account. 

and , respectively, to the Sponsor. On December 14, 2022, the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of up to to Tidjane Thiam, Adam Gishen, Abhishek Bhatia and Edward
Zeng (collectively, the Payees (such promissory note, together with the unsecured promissory notes issued on April 1, 2022
and June 6, 2022, the Notes ). The Notes bear no interest and are payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) twenty-four
(24) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) or (ii) the consummation of the Business Combination. A failure to pay the
principal within five business days of the date specified above or the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall
be deemed an event of default, in which case the Notes may be accelerated. Prior to the Company s first payment of all or any portion
of the principal balance of the Notes in cash, the Sponsor and the Payees, as applicable, have the option to convert all, but not less
than all, of the principal balance of the Notes into private placement warrants (the Conversion Warrants ), each warrant
exercisable for one ordinary share of the Company at an exercise price of per share. The terms of the Conversion Warrants would
be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. The Sponsor and the Payees shall be entitled to certain registration rights relating to
the Conversion Warrants. The issuances of the Notes were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act. 

and borrowings, respectively, related to the Notes. 

to the Sponsor, as further described in Note 11. 

per month for office space and administrative support services. These were paid on a monthly
basis via invoices, and there was no amount due under the Administrative Services Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 17 

. Additionally, a deferred underwriting discount of per Unit, or in
the aggregate, will be payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company
completes an initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. As of October 25, 2022, and November
2, 2022, respectively, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. have waived their portions of the deferred
underwriting fee which is reflected in the consolidated statement of operations and the consolidated statement of changes in
shareholders deficit as a reduction of transaction costs incurred in connection with IPO. Therefore, the deferred
underwriting fee was reduced by , of which is shown in the consolidated statement of operations as a reduction of transaction costs incurred in connection with the IPO and is charged to additional paid-in capital in the
consolidated statement of changes in shareholders deficit. As a result of the reductions, the outstanding deferred
underwriting fee payable was reduced to . 

per share, of the Company Freedom Common Stock or comparable equity awards that are settled or are exercisable
for shares of Freedom Common Stock; and 

F- 18 

in Available Acquiror Cash (as such term is defined in the Business
Combination Agreement); 

as of immediately prior to the Closing; 

on or before January 16, 2023; or 

million; 

F- 19 

preference shares at par value of each. At December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares at par value of each. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares outstanding, all of which is subject to possible redemption. 

Class B ordinary shares at par value of each. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion
(after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by Public Shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary
shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued,
by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller
in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of
Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

per share on the later of from the closing of the IPO and 30 days after the completion of the initial Business
Combination; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits
holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are
registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. The
warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 20 

F- 21 

Total Investments held in Trust Account 

Warrant liabilities Public warrants 

Warrant liabilities Private warrants 

Convertible Note April 1, 2022 

Convertible Note June 6, 2022 

Convertible Note December 14, 2022 

Total Warrant liabilities 

F- 22 

Investments held in trust account- U.S. Treasury Securities 

Total Investments held in Trust Account 

Warrant liabilities Public warrants 

Warrant liabilities Private warrants 

Total Warrant liabilities 

. There was a transfer of from Level 1 to Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy for Public Warrants during the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

Strike price 

Term (in years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

F- 23 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognized gains in connection with changes in the fair value of warrant
liabilities of within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

Transfer to Level 1 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

F- 24 

ordinary shares, comprised
of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, were present in person or by proxy, representing
approximately of the voting power of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Freedom entitled to vote at the Extraordinary
General Meeting at the close of business on January 23, 2023, which was the record date (the Record Date for the Extraordinary
General Meeting (such shares, the Outstanding Shares ). The Outstanding Shares on the Record Date were comprised of 
Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. 

Class A ordinary shares at a redemption price of per share, representing
approximately of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately .
Following such redemptions, approximately remained in the trust account and Class A ordinary shares remain outstanding. 

to the Sponsor. The proceeds of such promissory note, of which was drawn
down immediately, of which may be drawn down, with the mutual consent of the Company and the Sponsor, if the
Company wishes to extend the date by which it will consummate a business combination beyond June 2, 2023, and of which may be
drawn down on an as-needed basis at the discretion of our sponsor, will be used for general working capital purposes. Such promissory
note bears no interest and is payable in full upon the consummation of our business combination. A failure to pay the principal within
five business days of the date specified above or the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an
event of default, in which case the promissory note may be accelerated. The promissory note shall be forgiven by the Sponsor if the Company
is unable to consummate a business combination within the time frame specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association (as amended from time to time), except to the extent of any funds held outside of the trust account established in connection
with our initial public offering. The issuance of the promissory note was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

F-24 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_freedomacq1.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

Exhibit 4.1 

Description of Securities Registered Pursuant
to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Amended 

The following description sets forth certain material
terms and provisions of the securities of Freedom Acquisition I Corp. Freedom, we, us or our that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following
description of our securities is not complete and may not contain all the information you should consider before investing in our securities.
This description is summarized from, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association and our warrant agreement, which are incorporated herein by reference. The summary below is also qualified by reference to
the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had three classes
of securities registered under the Exchange Act: our Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share public shares 
warrants to purchase shares of our Class A ordinary shares and units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fourth of
one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share. In addition, this Description of Securities also contains a description
of our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share founder shares ), which are not registered pursuant to Section
12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible into shares of the Class A ordinary shares. The description of the founder shares is necessary
to understand the material terms of the Class A ordinary shares. 

Units 

Public Units 

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share
and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price
of 11.50 per share. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s
Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. 

The Class A ordinary shares and warrants began
separate trading on April 19, 2021 and holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. 

Ordinary Shares 

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to
one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B
ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law 
provided that only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint and remove directors in any general meeting held
prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, meaning that holders of Class A ordinary shares will
not have the right to appoint and remove any directors until after the completion of our initial business combination. Unless specified
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable
stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter
voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the
affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and
pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association such actions include amending our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors
is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed
in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than
50 of the Class B ordinary shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors prior to our initial business
combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds
legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination,
we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we
are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval
in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors
being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a
three-year term. 

In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors.
We may not hold an annual general meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. We will provide our public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to
the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions
described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will
distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the
underwriters. Our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which
they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike some special purpose acquisition companies that hold shareholder votes and
conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares
for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required
by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with
the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require
these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is
required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many special purpose acquisition
companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender
offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
of the company. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions,
if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate
their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes
will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association require that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary
shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However,
we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial
business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete
our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares
on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we
complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 
and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares
and public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders 
founder shares, we would need 1,309,249, or 11.6 , of the 11,243,496 public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination
in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). Additionally, each public shareholder
may elect to redeem their public shares without voting and, if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed
transaction. 

2 

On February 28, 2023, Freedom held an extraordinary
general meeting of shareholders (the Extraordinary General Meeting ), at which holders of 35,373,848 ordinary shares, comprised
of 26,773,848 Class A ordinary shares and 8,600,000 Class B ordinary shares, were present in person or by proxy, representing
approximately 82.02 of the voting power of the 43,125,000 issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Freedom entitled to vote at the Extraordinary
General Meeting at the close of business on January 23, 2023, which was the record date (the Record Date for the Extraordinary
General Meeting (such shares, the Outstanding Shares ). The Outstanding Shares on the Record Date were comprised of 34,500,000
Class A ordinary shares and 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares. 

At the Extraordinary General Meeting, the shareholders
approved, by special resolution, the proposal (the Extension Amendment Proposal to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association to extend the date by which Freedom must (i) consummate a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, which Freedom refers to as its initial business combination, (ii) cease
its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such initial business combination, and (iii) redeem all of
the Class A ordinary shares, included as part of the units sold in the initial public offering, for an additional three months, from March
2, 2023 to June 2, 2023, and thereafter to up to three (3) times by an additional one month each time (or up to September 2, 2023) (the
 Extension Amendment, and such period, as may be extended, the Extension Period ). 

In connection with the Extension Amendment, shareholders
elected to redeem an aggregate of 23,256,504 Class A ordinary shares. Following such redemptions, 11,243,496 Class A ordinary shares remain
outstanding. 

If we have not completed our initial business
combination during the Extension Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable
and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for
claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. Our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination during
the Extension Period. However, if our sponsor or management team acquire public shares after our initial public offering, they will be
entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business
combination within the prescribed time period. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business
combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of
liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders
have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per-share price equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination,
subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. 

3 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary
shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our initial public offering,
and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject
to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights 
(iii) our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
agreed to (A) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them
in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (x) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we have not consummated an initial business combination during the Extension Period or (y) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, (C) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination during
the Extension Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares
they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period and (D) vote any founder shares and public shares
held by them in favor of our initial business combination, (iv) the founder shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary
shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject
to adjustment as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and (v) only holders of Class
B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint or remove directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination. 

The founder shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject
to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity- linked securities are issued
or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of
all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion
(after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary
shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued, by the
Company in connection with the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued, to any seller in the initial
business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital
loans provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. The term equity-linked
securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares
issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement
of equity or debt. 

With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares
are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor,
each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial
business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the last reported sales price of the Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination,
and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange
or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. 

4 

Register of Members 

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register
of members and there will be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the
shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights
of shares of each member 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the
register as a member and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members
of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact
on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman
Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. The shareholders recorded in the register
of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where
an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal
position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified
where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification
of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination
by a Cayman Islands court. 

Preferred Shares 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association authorize 1,000,000 preferred shares and provide that preferred shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series.
Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating,
optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series.
Our board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preferred shares with voting and other rights that could adversely
affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our
board of directors to issue preferred shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a
change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred shares outstanding at the date hereof. Although we
do not currently intend to issue any preferred shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Warrants 

Public Shareholders Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder
to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing
on the later of one year from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination,
except as described below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class
A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be
issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least four units, you will
not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination,
at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to deliver any Class
A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration
statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a current
prospectus relating thereto is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances
specified in the warrant agreement). No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon
exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to
be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions
in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled
to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any
warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such
warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

5 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but
in no event later than fifteen (15) business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially
reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within
60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current
prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement.
If a registration statement covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective
by the sixtieth (60th) business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there
is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding
the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such
that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option,
require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and
in the event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue
sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering each such
warrant for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the
number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (as defined
below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject
to adjustment). The fair market value as used above shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary
shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant
agent. 

Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A
Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00 

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem
the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in whole and not in part 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of
redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class
A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption
to the warrant holders (which we refer to as the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share
sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and as described under the heading Anti-dilution
Adjustments below). 

If and when the warrants become redeemable by
us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable
state securities laws. However, we will not redeem the warrants unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering
the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those
Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. 

We have established the last of the redemption
criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise
price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled
to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. Any such exercise would not be done on a cashless 
basis and would require the exercising warrant holder to pay the exercise price for each warrant being exercised. However, the price of
the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and as described under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below)
as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

6 

Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A
Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00 

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem
the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior
written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption
and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market
value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) 

if, and only if, the Reference Value (as defined above under
 Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00 equals or exceeds 10.00
per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and as described
under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below) and 

if the Reference Value is less than 18.00 per share (as
adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and as described under the heading
 Anti-dilution Adjustments below) the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption
on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 

The numbers in the table below represent the number
of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant
to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption
date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these
purposes based on volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date
on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date
precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final
fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. 

Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references
above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have
been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. 

The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted
when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following
our initial business combination. 

7 

The share prices set forth in the column headings
of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price
of the warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares
issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately
prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after such adjustment
and the denominator of which is the price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the number of shares
in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable
upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon
exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted as a result of the fifth paragraph under the heading
 Anti-dilution adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will be multiplied by a fraction,
the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution
Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00. 

Fair
 Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 Redemption Date (period
 to expiration of warrants) 
 10.00 
 11.00 
 12.00 
 13.00 
 14.00 
 15.00 
 16.00 
 17.00 
 18.00 
 
 60 months 
 0.261 
 0.281 
 0.297 
 0.311 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.361 
 
 39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.361 
 
 36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.361 
 
 33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.361 
 
 30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.361 
 
 27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.361 
 
 24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.361 
 
 21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.361 
 
 18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.361 
 
 15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.361 
 
 12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.361 
 
 9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.361 
 
 6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.361 
 
 3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 
 
 0 months 

0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

The exact fair market value and redemption date
may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption
date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will
be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and
the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume-weighted
average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants,
holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each
whole warrant. 

8 

For an example where the exact fair market value
and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during
the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50
per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption
feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable
in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 

This redemption feature is structured to allow
for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may
be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this
redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share
threshold set forth above under Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00. 
Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number
of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of our initial public offering.
This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have
certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will
be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow
us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem
the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay
the redemption price to the warrant holders. As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading
at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital
structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the
applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise
price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received
if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading
at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be
issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to
the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants
are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the
surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants
become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the Company (or surviving company) will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. 

Redemption Procedures . A holder of a warrant
may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such
warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant
agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the Class A ordinary
shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

9 

Anti-dilution Adjustments . If the number
of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of
ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, split-up or similar event, the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary
shares. A rights offering to holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the
 historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of Class A ordinary shares
equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity
securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient
of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes
(i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable
for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount
payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class
A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class
A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants
are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A ordinary
shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described
above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions
paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does
not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and other similar transactions) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or
less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed
initial business combination or certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or (d) in connection
with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price
will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of
any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary
shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar
event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class
A ordinary shares. 

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares
purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying
the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A
ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will
be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

10 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class
A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price
to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders or their affiliates,
without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance)
(the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity
proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted
average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on
which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise
price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described above under Redemption of warrants when the
price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A
ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of the
Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization
of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary
shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in
which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our issued and outstanding
Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of
us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter
have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the
Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind
and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization,
merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received
if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right
of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such merger or consolidation, then the kind and
amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of
the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such merger or consolidation that affirmatively make such election, and if a
tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer
made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed
initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion
of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under
the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule
12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within
the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a
warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have
been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer,
accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange
offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the
adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. Additionally, if less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class
A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading
on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted
immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following
public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes
Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. 

11 

The purpose of such exercise price reduction is
to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants
pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. 

The warrants are issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or curing, correcting
or supplementing any defective provision contained in the warrant agreement or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to
matters or questions arising under such agreement as the warrant agent and us may deem necessary or desirable and that the warrant agent
and us deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the holders, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then
outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The warrant holders do not have the rights or
privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares.
After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held
of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation
of the units and only whole warrants will trade. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise
of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest
whole number, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

Exclusive Forum Provision . Our warrant
agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way
to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction
will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that
such courts represent an inconvenient forum. This provision does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the
federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private Placement Warrants 

The private placement warrants (including the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the
completion of our initial business combination (except, as described under Principal Shareholders Transfers of Founder Shares
and Private Placement Warrants, including to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor)
and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees (except as described above
under Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals
or Exceeds 18.00 ). The sponsor or its permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless
basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement
warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in
our initial public offering. 

12 

Except as described under Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00, if holders of the private placement warrants elect
to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class
A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the excess of the historical fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (defined below) over the exercise
price of the warrants by (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, the historical fair market value will
mean the average reported last reported sales price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading
day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these
warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees is because it is
not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their
ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders
from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to
sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly,
unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in
the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities.
As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

Except as described above, the private placement
warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may
be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and
warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and
employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for
any liability due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies
Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable
to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions
of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements . In certain
circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands
exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where the merger or consolidation is between two
Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed
information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 662/3 
in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company or (b) such other authorization, if
any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger
between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary
company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court
waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes
certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign
company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company
are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out
below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign
company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of
those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed
and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions (iii)
that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the
foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement
has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended
or restricted. 

13 

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands
exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that,
having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able
to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of
the foreign company (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving
or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived (b) the transfer is permitted
by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction
of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with (iii) that the foreign company will, upon
the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction 
and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. 

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies
Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the
merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows (a) the shareholder must give
his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including
a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote 
(b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must
give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of
such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other
details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the
period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever
is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder
to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price
within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount and (e) if the company
and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires,
the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and
such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair
value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the
fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the
fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until
the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example,
to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer
quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on
a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

14 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory
provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally
be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as
a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme
of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate
a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and
creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders
or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that
purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman
Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved,
the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope
of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting
in question 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably
approve and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned
under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as
described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive
payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders
of United States corporations. 

Squeeze-out Provisions . When a takeover
offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates is made within four months, the offeror may, within
a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be
made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion
or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction
and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital
exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements, of an operating business. 

Shareholders Suits . Maples and Calder,
our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative
actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions.
In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our
officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities,
which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing
principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond
the scope of its authority 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the
authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud
on the minority. 

15 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action
against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities . The Cayman
Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally,
Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder, our
Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts
of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state 
and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions
of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature.
In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the
courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without
retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation
to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman
Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty,
inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner,
and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive
or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent
proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies .
We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies
and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands
may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary
company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return
of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies 

an exempted company s register of members is not open
to inspection 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting 

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the
imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance) 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in
another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company 
and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio
company. 

Limited liability means that the
liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances,
such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which
a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

16 

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association 

The Business Combination Article of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to
our initial public offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. 

These provisions cannot be amended without a special
resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either
(i) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders
at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given 
or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s
shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either
by at least two-thirds of our shareholders (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law) (other than amendments relating
to the rights of holders of Class B ordinary shares to appoint or remove directors, which may be amended by a special resolution passed
by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our
shareholders. 

Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially
own approximately 20 of our ordinary shares, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide, among other things, that: 

If we have not completed our initial business combination
during the Extension Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest income earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable
and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for
claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on our initial
business combination 

In the event that we enter into a business combination with
a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested
directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or a valuation or appraisal firm that such a business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view 

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination
is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public
shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act 

We must complete one or more business combinations having
an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) 

17 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination
during the Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class
A ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely
with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide we will not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than 5,000,001. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or
other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop
arrangements we may enter into following our initial public offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets
requirement. 

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution. A company s
articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority
is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum
and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering,
structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these
provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or
waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association 

Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares
and preferred shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate
purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized
but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preferred shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 43,125,000 ordinary
shares issued and outstanding. After giving effect to the redemption of 23,256,504 Class A ordinary shares in connection with the Extension
Amendment described above, 19,868,496 ordinary shares remain issued and outstanding. Of these shares, the 11,243,496 Class A ordinary
shares are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one
of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 8,625,000 founder shares and all 6,266,667
private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a
public offering, and are subject to transfer restrictions as set forth in the prospectus for our initial public offering. 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially
owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is
not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are
subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports
under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding
the sale. 

18 

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted
shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding,
a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only
a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares then outstanding,
which is currently equal to 112,434 Class A ordinary shares or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A
ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also
limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former
Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities
initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously
a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company
has ceased to be a shell company 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports
and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required
to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer
filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our initial shareholders will be
able to sell their founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after
we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder shares, private placement
warrants and any warrants that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a
registration rights agreement requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make
up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain
 piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under
the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (1) in the case of the founder
shares, on the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business
combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share
splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion
of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other
similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property, and (2) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying
such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
are listed on NYSE under the symbols FACT U, FACT and FACT WS, respectively. 

19 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_freedomacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Adam Gishen, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Freedom Acquisition I Corp. (the Company ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 6, 2023 

/s/ Adam Gishen 

Adam Gishen 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_freedomacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Adam Gishen, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Freedom Acquisition I Corp. (the Company ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 6, 2023 

/s/ Adam Gishen 

Adam Gishen 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_freedomacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Adam Gishen, Chief Executive Officer of Freedom Acquisition I Corp.
(the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 6, 2023 

/s/ Adam Gishen 

Adam Gishen 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed
to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent
that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_freedomacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Adam Gishen, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Financial Officer)
of Freedom Acquisition I Corp. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 6, 2023 

/s/ Adam Gishen 

Adam Gishen 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed
to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent
that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fact-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fact-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fact-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fact-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fact-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

