<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230606_10-K_edgar_data_939930_0000939930-23-000052.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16799894</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>270187</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2969942</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5590041</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3985832</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3694755</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000939930-23-000052.hdr.sgml : 20230606
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230606070033
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000939930-23-000052
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		139
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230606
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230606

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PYXUS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000939930
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-FARM PRODUCT RAW MATERIALS [5150]
		IRS NUMBER:				541746567
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25734
		FILM NUMBER:		23994855

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6001 HOSPITALITY COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			MORRISVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27560-2009
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9193794300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6001 HOSPITALITY COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			MORRISVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27560-2009

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLIANCE ONE INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050516

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIMON INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000939930-23-000052.txt : 20230606

10-K
 1
 pyx-20230331.htm
 10-K

pyx-20230331 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2023 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _______ TO _______. (Commission File Number) 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common Stock (no par value) 
 (Title of Class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transaction period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No 
 
 As of September 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million based on the closing price of the common stock as reported on the OTC Pink Marketplace. 
 
 As of May 31, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents Page No. Part I Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 
 Item 2. Properties 
 16 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 17 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 79 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 79 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 79 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 80 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 80 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 81 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 81 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 82 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 82 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 82 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 85 
 Signatures 
 86 

3 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Company Overview 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this "Annual Report") is being filed by Pyxus International, Inc. (the "Company," "Pyxus," "we," or "us"). Pyxus is a global agricultural company with 150 years of experience delivering value-added products and services to businesses and customers. The Company is a trusted provider of responsibly sourced, independently verified, sustainable, and traceable products and ingredients. The Company has one reportable segment for financial reporting purposes: Leaf. See " Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies " to the "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 
 
 Leaf Tobacco Operations 
 Our leaf tobacco revenues are principally comprised of sales of processed leaf tobacco and fees charged for processing and related services to manufacturers of tobacco products. Our leaf tobacco operations deal primarily in flue-cured, burley, and oriental tobaccos that are used in international cigarette brands. 
 
 We purchase tobacco on five continents and ship to customers globally . We primarily purchase tobacco directly from suppliers. In those instances, we assume the risk of matching the quantities and grades required by our customers to the entire crop we must purchase under contract. 
 
 Our arrangements with suppliers vary depending on our predictions of future supply and demand, local historical practice and availability of capital. In some locales, we purchase seeds, fertilizer, pesticides, and other products related to growing tobacco, which represent prepaid inventory, and issue them to suppliers with whom we have purchase contracts. The suppliers then utilize these inputs to grow tobacco, which we are contractually obligated to purchase as long as the supplier meets our specifications. The advances of inputs for the current crop generally include the original cost of the inputs plus a mark-up and interest as it is earned. Where contractually permitted, we charge interest to the suppliers during the period the current crop advance is outstanding. We account for our advances to tobacco suppliers using a cost accumulation model, which results in us reporting our advances at the lower of cost or recoverable amounts excluding the mark-up and interest. The mark-up and interest on our advances are recognized when the tobacco is delivered as a decrease in our cost of the current crop. Upon delivery of tobacco, part of the purchase price paid to the supplier is paid in cash and part through a reduction of the advance balance. The advances applied to the delivery are reclassified out of advances and into unprocessed inventory. Under longer-term arrangements with suppliers, we may advance or guarantee financing on suppliers' capital assets, which are also recovered through the delivery of tobacco to us by our suppliers. 
 
 As a result of various factors including weather, not all suppliers are able to settle the entire amount of advances through delivery of tobacco in a given crop year. Throughout the crop cycle, we monitor events that may impact the suppliers ability to deliver tobacco. If we determine we will not be able to recover the original cost of the advances with deliveries of the current crop, or future crop deliveries, the unit cost of tobacco actually received is increased when unrecoverable costs are within a normal range or expensed immediately when they are above a normal range. The normal range is based on our historical results. We account for the unrecoverable costs in this manner to ensure only costs within a normal range are capitalized in inventory and costs that are above a normal range are expensed immediately as current period charges. 
 
 We process tobacco to meet each customer's specifications as to quality, yield, chemistry, particle size, moisture content and other characteristics. Unprocessed tobacco is a semi-perishable commodity. The processing of leaf tobacco facilitates shipping and prevents spoilage and is an essential service to our customers because the quality of processed leaf tobacco substantially affects the quality of the manufacturer s end product. Accordingly, we have located our production facilities in proximity to our principal sources of tobacco. We process tobacco in Company-owned and third-party facilities around the world, including in Argentina, Brazil, China, Guatemala, India, Indonesia, Jordan, Macedonia, Malawi, Tanzania, Thailand, Turkey, United States, and Zimbabwe. These facilities encompass leading export locations of flue-cured, burley and oriental tobaccos. After processing, whole leaves, bundles, strips or stems, and scrap where applicable, are separately packed in cases, bales, cartons or hogsheads for storage and shipment. Packed flue-cured, burley and oriental tobacco generally is transported in the country of origin by truck or rail, and exports are moved by ship. 
 
 During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, approximately 65 and 64 of our total purchases for the respective period were from Brazil, China, Turkey, and the Africa region. We have entered into contracts, joint ventures and other arrangements for the purchase of tobacco grown in substantially all other countries that produce export-quality flue-cured and burley tobacco. 
 
 Key Customers 
 In our leaf tobacco business, our primary customers are major consumer tobacco product manufacturers. Refer to " Note 26. Segment Information " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information regarding customers, and 
 4 

their respective affiliates, that account for more than 10 of our annual revenues. Pyxus delivered approximately 31 of its tobacco sales to customers in Europe, approximately 18 to customers in China, and approximately 12 to customers in the United States for year ended March 31, 2023. The remaining sales of leaf tobacco are to customers located in Asia, Africa, and other geographic regions of the world. 
 
 Competition 
 Leaf tobacco industry competition is based primarily on the price charged for products and services as well as the merchant's ability to meet customer specifications in the buying, processing, residue compliance and financing of tobacco. The Company is one of only two global, publicly held leaf tobacco merchants. We hold a leading position in most major tobacco growing regions in the world, including the principal export markets for flue-cured, burley and oriental tobacco. In addition to the primary global independent leaf tobacco merchants, there are a number of other independent global, regional or national competitors. Local independent leaf merchants with low fixed costs and overhead also supply cigarette manufacturers. 
 
 Seasonality 
 The purchasing and processing activities of our leaf tobacco business are seasonal. Tobacco purchases vary by market and tobacco variety. Tobacco grown in North America is purchased, processed, and marketed generally during the five-month period beginning in July and ending in November. Tobacco grown in South America is usually purchased, processed, and marketed from January through July and, for tobacco grown in Africa, from April through September. Other tobacco markets around the world have similar purchasing periods, although at different times of the year. During the purchasing, processing and marketing seasons, inventories of unprocessed tobacco, inventories of redried tobacco, and trade accounts receivable normally reach peak levels in succession. Current liabilities, particularly advances from customers, and short-term notes payable to banks, normally reach their peak in this period as a means of financing the seasonal expansion of current assets. At March 31, the end of our fiscal year, the seasonal components of our working capital reflect primarily the operations related to foreign-grown tobacco. 
 
 Track and Trace Technology 
 In connection with our leaf tobacco operations, the Company uses a proprietary "track and trace" platform, which we have branded as the SENTRI , which we believe provides transparency into the lifecycle of agricultural products by monitoring information and obtaining data related to the growth, cultivation, harvest, processing, formulation, testing, and release of individual batches of products. By obtaining data on products at each stage of the supply chain, SENTRI permits proactive decision-making for both the Company and its leaf tobacco customers. The key features of the SENTRI includes: 
 
 Product Tracking : Data collection and tracking at various stages in the product lifecycle permits customers to gain an understanding of where products originate from, how they were produced, and the product testing data in order to understand ingredients and the product journey. 
 Control and Visibility : With access to increased data regarding the supply chain, we are able to monitor quality control at various points in the product route to market. 
 Sustainability Commitments : SENTRI incorporates visibility into the practices and procedures of the product supply chain. 
 Lot Number Tracking : We are able to track specific products through the manufacturing process by lot number with full visibility to our customers. This permits us and our customers to discover more about the product, its origin and other information relevant to quality control and product transparency. 
 Agronomic Services : SENTRI utilizes an experienced team of agronomists to track data and insights regarding growing practices. 
 
 Regulation 
 See " Item 1A. Risk Factors " for a discussion of applicable government regulation of leaf tobacco. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 Our workforce is one of our most important stakeholder groups and is critical to achieving our purpose to transform people s lives so that together we can grow a better world. The attraction, development and retention of talent enables us to make progress against our business strategy, and it is essential that we create and maintain a culture of conducting business in an ethical and responsible manner. It is for these reasons that we dedicate resources to employee engagement, focus on creating a safe workplace and recognizing employees for the results that they deliver. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we employed approximately 3,000 p eople, excluding seasonal employees, in our worldwide operations. We maintain positive relationships with the Company s employees and their respective organizations. We have collective bargaining agreements in place in many of the countries in which we operate and we have long-term agreements in-place in certain jurisdictions to resolve disputes through binding arbitration. 
 5 

Oversight and Management 
 Our Human Resources department is responsible for managing employment-related matters, including recruiting and hiring, onboarding, compensation design and implementation, performance management, advancement and succession planning, and professional and learning development. Our Board of Directors provides oversight of various matters pertaining to our workforce. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for executive compensation matters and oversight of the risks and programs related to talent management. Our Human Rights Policy and Code of Business Conduct highlight our commitment to diversity, inclusion, fairness, safety and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. 
 Supply Chain Human Rights Matters 
 We support efforts to address human rights concerns in the tobacco supply chain. For example, in our tobacco supply chain, we use on-farm good agricultural practices assessments to assess suppliers compliance with labor practices. Our subsidiaries establish contract terms and conditions with tobacco suppliers related to issues such as forced and child labor, and they conduct social compliance due diligence throughout our tobacco-growing regions. 
 Environmental Compliance 
 We are aware of the impact our business activities have on the environment, and we understand that climate change will have a long-term impact on our business, our employees, suppliers and the communities in which they live. We have committed to reducing our environmental impact from our operations and working with our contracted growers to apply sustainable agricultural methods and practices. Additional information regarding our activities related to our sustainability strategy can be found in our Sustainability Report, which is published on our website. 
 Currently, there are no material estimated capital expenditures related to environmental control facilities. In addition, there is no material effect on capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position anticipated as a result of compliance with current or pending federal or state laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment. 
 Available Information 
 Our website is www.pyxus.com . Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge at http://investors.pyxus.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The information contained on our website shall not be deemed part of this annual report on Form 10-K. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 Development of the Business 
 A description of the general development of the Company's business is included in Item 1 of Part I of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10- K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 under the heading "Company Overview" and the paragraph immediately preceding such heading, which description is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, our operating results, our financial condition, and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Leaf Tobacco Operations 
 
 Our reliance on a small number of significant customers may adversely affect our financial results. 
 The customers of our leaf tobacco business are manufacturers of cigarette and other tobacco products. Several of these customers individually may account for a significant portion of our sales in a normal year. For the year ended March 31, 2023, Philip Morris International Inc., China Tobacco International Inc., and British American Tobacco each accounted for more than 10 of our revenues from continuing operations. In addition, tobacco product manufacturers have experienced consolidation and further consolidation among our customers could decrease such customers demand for our leaf tobacco or processing services. The loss of any one or more of our significant customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 
 Vertical integration by our customers could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Demand for our leaf tobacco or processing services could be materially reduced if cigarette manufacturers make the decision to significantly vertically integrate their operations, either through acquisition of our competitors, establishing new operations or contracting directly with suppliers. In general, our results of operations have not been adversely affected by vertical integration initiatives, and some customers have reversed certain aspects of their previous vertical integration of operations. However, further vertical integration by our customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 
 6 

Global shifts in sourcing customer requirements may negatively affect our organizational structure and asset base. 
 Shifts in sourcing of tobacco may occur as a result of currency fluctuations, including changes in currency exchange rates against the United States Dollar ("USD"), the imposition of tariffs and other changes in international trade policies. We may not be able to timely or efficiently adjust to shifts in sourcing origins, and adjusting to shifts may require changes in our production facilities in certain origins and changes in our fixed asset base. We have incurred, and may continue to incur, restructuring charges as we continue to adjust to shifts in sourcing. Adjusting our capacity and adjusting to shifts in sourcing may have an adverse impact on our ability to manage our costs and could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 
 Our financial results will vary according to growing conditions, customer indications, and other factors, which significantly impacts our ability to forecast our quarterly and annual financial performance. 
 Our financial results may be significantly affected by fluctuations in tobacco growing seasons and crop sizes, which affect the supply of tobacco. Crop sizes may be affected by, among other things, crop infestation and disease, the volume of annual tobacco plantings and yields realized by suppliers, and suppliers' elections to grow crops other than tobacco. The cultivation period for tobacco is dependent upon a number of factors, including the weather and other natural events, such as hurricanes or tropical storms, and our processing schedule and results of operations for any quarterly period can be significantly altered by these factors. The unpredictability may be exacerbated by the effects of climate change, which could increase the likelihood or severity of disruptive weather events. 
 
 The cost of acquiring tobacco can fluctuate greatly due to crop sizes and increased competition in certain markets in which we purchase tobacco. For example, short crops in periods of high demand translate into higher average green prices, higher throughput costs and less volume to sell. Furthermore, large crops translate into lower average green prices, lower throughput costs and excess volume to sell. 
 
 The timing and unpredictability of customer indications, orders, and shipments cause us to keep tobacco in inventory, increase our risk, and result in variations in financial results. The timing of shipments can be materially impacted by shortages of containers and vessels for shipping, increased spot-prices for shipping leading vessel operators to reduce cargo allocations of our customers' containers covered by lower-priced, long-term shipping arrangements, as well as infrastructure and accessibility issues in ports we use for shipment. We may, from time to time in the ordinary course of business, keep a significant amount of processed tobacco in inventory for our customers to accommodate their inventory management and other needs. Sales recognition by us and our subsidiaries is based on the passage of ownership, usually with shipment of product. Because individual shipments may represent significant amounts of revenue, our financial results may vary significantly depending on our customers needs and shipping instructions. These fluctuations result in varying volumes and sales in given periods, which also reduces your ability to compare our financial results in different periods or in the same periods in different years. 
 
 Loss of confidence in us by our customers and suppliers may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 If our customers and suppliers lose confidence in us, they may seek to establish alternative commercial relationships. In addition, in such circumstances, our suppliers, farmers, vendors, counterparties and service providers may seek to renegotiate the terms of our agreements, attempt to terminate their relationships with us or require financial assurances from us. If our suppliers, farmers, vendors, and other providers require stricter terms and conditions, we may not find these terms and conditions acceptable. Failure to timely obtain suitable inventory at competitive prices could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 Suppliers who have historically grown tobacco may elect to grow other crops instead of tobacco, which affects the world supply of tobacco and may impact our financial performance. 
 Increases in the prices for other crops have led and may in the future lead suppliers who have historically grown tobacco to elect to grow these other, more profitable, items instead of tobacco. A decrease in the volume of tobacco available for purchase may increase the purchase price of such tobacco. As a result, we could experience an increase in tobacco crop acquisition costs, which may impact our financial performance. 
 
 Our advancement of inputs to tobacco suppliers could expose us to losses. 
 Our arrangements with suppliers vary depending on our predictions of future supply and demand, local historical practice and availability of capital. In some locales, we purchase seeds, fertilizer, pesticides, and other products related to growing tobacco, which represent prepaid inventory, and issue them to suppliers with whom we have purchase contracts. The suppliers then utilize these inputs to grow tobacco, which we are contractually obligated to purchase if they meet our specifications. These advances to tobacco suppliers are settled as part of the consideration paid upon the suppliers delivering us unprocessed tobacco at market prices. Two primary factors determine the market value of the tobacco suppliers deliver to us: the quantity of tobacco delivered and the quality of the tobacco delivered, both of which are subject to factors outside of our control at the time we make advances to suppliers. Unsatisfactory quantities or quality of the tobacco delivered could result in losses with respect to advances to our tobacco suppliers or the deferral of those advances. 
 
 7 

When we purchase tobacco directly from suppliers, we bear the risk that the tobacco will not meet our customers quality and quantity requirements. 
 In countries where we contract directly with tobacco suppliers, we bear the risk that the tobacco delivered will not meet quality and quantity requirements of our customers. If the tobacco does not meet such market requirements, we may not be able to sell the tobacco we agreed to buy and may not be able to meet all of our customers orders, which would have an adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. 
 
 Weather and other conditions can affect the marketability of our inventory, and climate change may adversely alter weather patterns in tobacco-growing regions. 
 Like other agricultural products, the quality of tobacco is affected by weather and the environment, which can change the quality or size of the crop. If a weather event is particularly severe, such as a major drought or hurricane, the affected crop could be destroyed or damaged to an extent that it would be less desirable to our customers, which would result in a reduction in revenues. If such an event is also widespread, it could affect our ability to acquire the quantity of products required by customers. In addition, the potential impact of climate change is uncertain and may vary by geographic region. The possible effects, as described in various public accounts, could include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature levels, all of which may be of greater permanence than typical weather fluctuations. Some or all of these impacts could adversely affect the ability of farmers in the regions in which we source leaf tobacco to continue to produce crops of acceptable quality and in sufficient quantities. Their inability to do so could materially adversely affect our operations, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, other items can affect the marketability of tobacco, including, among other things, the presence of: 
 non-tobacco related material; 
 genetically modified organisms; and 
 excess residues of pesticides, fungicides and herbicides. 
 
 A significant event impacting the condition or quality of a large amount of the tobacco crops we buy could make it difficult for us to sell such tobacco or to fill our customers orders. 
 
 Competition could erode our earnings. 
 The leaf tobacco industry is highly competitive. Competition is based primarily on the prices charged for products and services as well as the merchant s ability to meet customer specifications in the buying, processing, and financing of tobacco. The loss or substantial reduction of any large or significant customer could reduce our earnings. Although we are one of only two primary global independent publicly held leaf tobacco merchants, cigarette manufacturers also buy tobacco directly from local and regional suppliers. We also face increasing competition from new local and regional independent leaf merchants with low fixed costs and overhead and good local customer connections, where the new entrants have been able to capitalize in the global transition to those markets. Any of these sources of new competition may result in less tobacco available for us to purchase and process in the applicable markets. 
 
 Continued high inflation may adversely affect our profitability and the demand for our leaf tobacco products. 
 The economies of the United States and other nations have recently experienced the highest levels of consumer price inflation in decades. Continued inflationary pressures may continue to increase our costs, including the cost of leaf tobacco that we purchase. If these increased costs cannot successfully be passed on to our customers, many of which have significant negotiating power, our profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, since our leaf tobacco products are used in the manufacturing of tobacco consumer goods, consumer behavior that deprioritizes the purchase of tobacco consumer goods in response to inflationary increases in the price of such goods could result in reduced overall demand for consumer tobacco products and consequently for the leaf tobacco we provide to manufacturers, which could materially adversely affect our profitability, results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Risks Related to the Scope of Our International Operations 
 
 We face increased risks of doing business due to the extent of our international operations. 
 Some of the countries we do business in do not have stable economies or governments. Our international operations are subject to international business risks, including unsettled political conditions, uncertainty in the enforcement of legal obligations, including the collection of accounts receivable, fraud risks, expropriation, import and export restrictions, exchange controls, inflationary economies, currency risks, and risks related to the restrictions on repatriation of earnings or proceeds from liquidated assets of foreign subsidiaries. These risks are exacerbated in countries where we have advanced substantial sums or guaranteed local loans or lines of credit for the purchase of tobacco from suppliers. 
 
 In 2006, as a result of the political environment, economic instability, foreign currency controls, and governmental regulations in Zimbabwe, we deconsolidated our Zimbabwe subsidiary, Mashonaland Tobacco Company LTD ("MTC"). Subsequently, we determined that the significant doubt about our ability to control MTC was eliminated and reconsolidated MTC as of March 31, 
 8 

2016. The Company utilizes the Zimbabwe RTGS system for local transactions. RTGS is a local currency equivalent that is exchanged at a government specified rate with USD. To convert these units to USD, the Company must obtain foreign currency resources from the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, which are subject to the monetary and exchange control policy in Zimbabwe. If the foreign exchange restrictions and government-imposed controls become severe, we may have to reassess our ability to control MTC. 
 
 In recent years, economic problems in certain countries where we have international operations have received wide publicity related to devaluation and appreciation of the local currency and inflation, including the classification of the Argentina, Turkey, and Zimbabwe economies as highly inflationary. Devaluation and appreciation of the local currency and inflation can affect our purchase costs of tobacco and our processing costs. In addition, we conduct business with suppliers and customers in countries that have recently had or may be subject to dramatic political regime change. In the event of such dramatic changes in the government of such countries, we may be unable to continue to operate our business, or adequately enforce legal obligations, after the change in a manner consistent with prior practice. 
 
 Further, the imposition of governmental sanctions or other restrictions may preclude us from continuing to sell to certain customers or to source leaf tobacco from certain jurisdictions. For example, governmental sanctions imposed in response to the invasion of Ukraine by Russia have adversely affected sales to customers impacted by the sanctions. Similarly, the imposition of sanctions with respect to other jurisdictions, including sanctions imposed in response to conflict or threat of conflict in other regions could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial position. 
 
 We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA") and we operate in jurisdictions that pose a high risk of potential FCPA violations. 
 We are subject to the FCPA, which generally prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business and/or other benefits. We operate in a number of jurisdictions that pose a high risk of potential FCPA violations. Although our corporate policy prohibits foreign bribery and we have adopted procedures to promote compliance, we cannot assure you that our policy or procedures will work effectively all of the time or protect us against liability under the FCPA for actions taken by our agents, employees, and intermediaries with respect to our business or any businesses that we acquire. Failure to comply with the FCPA, other anti-corruption laws and other laws governing the conduct of business with government entities (including local laws) could lead to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures (including further changes or enhancements to our procedures, policies, and controls, the imposition of a compliance monitor at our expense and potential personnel changes and/or disciplinary actions), any of which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Any investigation of any potential violations of the FCPA or other anti-corruption laws by U.S. or foreign authorities also could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our exposure to foreign tax regimes, and changes in U.S. or foreign tax regimes, could adversely affect our business. 
 Our global exposure to tax regimes could adversely affect our business. We do business in countries that have tax regimes in which the rules are not clear, are not consistently applied and are subject to sudden change. Our earnings could be changed by the uncertain and changing nature of these tax regimes. Certain of our subsidiaries are and may in the future be subject to audit, investigation, or other tax controversies. While the outcome of such matters cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently expect that such matters will have a material adverse effect on our business or financial position. However, should one or more of these matters be resolved in a manner adverse to our current expectation, the effect on our results of operations for a particular fiscal reporting period could be material. 
 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We conduct our business in many countries around the world. Our business is generally conducted in USD, as is the business of the leaf tobacco industry as a whole. We generally must purchase tobacco in non-U.S. countries using local currency. As a result, local country operating costs, including the purchasing and processing costs for tobaccos, are subject to the effects of exchange fluctuations of the local currency against the USD. When the USD weakens against foreign currencies, our costs for purchasing and processing tobacco in such currencies increases. Although we operate in many non-U.S. countries and are exposed to fluctuations in the currencies of numerous foreign countries, exchange fluctuation in the Brazilian Real against the USD has the greatest potential for impact on our financial results. We attempt to reduce such currency risks by matching the timing of our working capital borrowing needs against the tobacco purchasing and processing funds requirements in the currency of the country where the tobacco is grown. Fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies can significantly affect our operating results. 
 
 In addition, the devaluation of foreign currencies has resulted and may in the future result in reduced purchasing power from customers whose capital resources are denominated in those currencies. We may incur a loss of business as a result of the devaluation of these currencies now or in the future. 
 
 9 

Risks Related to Other Aspects of Our Operations 
 
 We rely on internal and externally hosted information technology systems and disruption, failure, or security breaches of these systems could adversely affect our business. 
 We rely on information technology ("IT") systems, including systems hosted by service providers. For example, our enterprise resource planning system and our domestic employee payroll system are hosted by external service providers. Although we have disaster recovery plans and several intrusion preventive mitigating tools and services in-place, which are active inline services or are tested routinely, our portfolio of hardware and software products, solutions and services and our enterprise IT systems, including those hosted by service providers, may be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control, such as catastrophic events, power outages, natural disasters, computer system, or network failures, computer viruses or other malicious software programs, and cyber-attacks, including system hacking and other cyber-security breaches. The failure or disruption of our IT systems to perform as anticipated for any reason could disrupt our business and result in decreased performance, significant remediation costs, transaction errors, loss of data, processing inefficiencies, downtime, litigation, and the loss of suppliers or customers. A significant disruption or failure could have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial performance, and financial condition. 
 
 We cannot assure you that material weaknesses will not be identified in the future. 
 In certain prior years, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Although we intend to continue to aggressively monitor and improve our internal controls, we cannot assure you that other material weaknesses will not occur in the future. Failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in misstatements in our financial statements in amounts that could be material. Ineffective internal controls could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the value of our common stock and could also require additional restatements of our prior reported financial information. In addition, because we are not an "accelerated filer" under applicable SEC regulations, we are not required to obtain and present a report of our independent accounting firm with respect to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and we have not obtained such a report with respect to an evaluation of our internal controls as of March 31, 2023 and, accordingly, no such report is included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Regulations regarding environmental matters may affect us by substantially increasing our costs and exposing us to potential liability. 
 We are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate. Such regulations govern, among other things, emissions of pollutants into the air, wastewater discharges, waste disposal, the investigation and remediation of soil and groundwater contamination, and the health and safety of our employees. For example, our products and the raw materials used in its production processes are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations. We may be required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain of its current or proposed operations. We may not have been, nor may be able to be at all times, in full compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. If we violate or fail to comply with these laws, regulations or permits, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. 
 
 As with other companies engaged in similar activities or that own or operate real property, we face inherent risks of environmental liability at our current and historical production sites. Certain environmental laws impose strict and, in certain circumstances, joint and several liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of the investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous substances as well as liability for related damages to natural resources. In addition, we may discover new facts or conditions that may change our expectations or be faced with changes in environmental laws or their enforcement that would impose additional liabilities. Furthermore, our costs of complying with current and future environmental, health, and safety laws, or our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, regulated materials, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from governments, as well as other stakeholders such as investors and customers, with respect to our environmental, social and governance ("ESG") policies, including sustainability policies, may impose additional costs on us or expose us to additional risks. 
 Governments, the non-governmental community, and industry increasingly understand the importance of implementing comprehensive environmental, labor, and governance practices. We are committed to implementing a robust sustainability management system, and we continue to implement what we believe are responsible ESG practices. Government regulations, however, could result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and disclosures. These may lead to increased expenditures for environmental controls, land use restrictions, reporting, and other conditions, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 In addition, a number of governments have implement or are considering implementing due diligence procedures to ensure strict compliance with environmental, labor, and government regulations. The European Union has proposed broad due diligence reporting requirements for all industries operating within Europe. The United States has called for a broader and more 
 10 

robust approach to labor compliance in foreign jurisdictions, which could include some of our strategic origins. Due to general uncertainty regarding the timing, content, and extent of any such regulatory changes in the United States or abroad, we cannot predict the impact, if any, that these changes could have to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our e-liquids business faces inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, regulatory action, and litigation if its products are alleged to have caused significant loss, injury, or death. 
 As a manufacturer and distributor of products that are ingested or otherwise consumed by humans, our e-liquids business faces the risk of exposure to product liability claims, regulatory action and litigation (including class proceedings and individual proceedings) if its products are alleged to have caused loss, injury or death. Our e-liquids business may be subject to these types of claims due to allegations that its products caused or contributed to injury, illness or death, made false, misleading or impermissible claims, failed to include adequate labeling and instructions for use or failed to include adequate warnings concerning possible side effects or interactions with other substances. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from human consumption of these e-liquids products alone or in combination with other medications or substances could also occur. In addition, the manufacture and sale of any ingested or consumable product involves a risk of injury to consumers due to tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination. Our e-liquids business may in the future have to recall certain of its products as a result of potential contamination and quality assurance concerns. A product liability claim or regulatory action against our e-liquids business could result in increased costs and could adversely affect its reputation and goodwill with its consumers. We cannot assure you that product liability insurance can be maintained on acceptable terms or with adequate coverage against potential liabilities. Such insurance is expensive and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage on reasonable terms or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims could result in the Company's becoming subject to significant liabilities that are uninsured. 
 
 The risk of class-based litigation (and individual litigation) for manufacturers and distributors of e-liquids and other vaping products, and others involved in the vaping industry, is significant, particularly in the face of increasing health and marketing concerns, the potential for product recalls or other product-related issues. The United States has a highly active plaintiffs bar. Recent years have seen a number of purported class action lawsuits in the United States against manufacturers and distributors of e-liquids and other vaping products. These circumstances create enhanced risk and exposure for the Company given the nature of its operations, the products it manufactures, distributes and sells, and its business environment. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Capital Structure 
 
 We may be unable to continue to access short-term operating credit lines to fund local operations on terms that are acceptable or at all. 
 We have historically financed our non-U.S. local leaf tobacco operations with short-term operating credit lines at the local level. These operating lines are typically seasonal in nature, corresponding to the tobacco crop cycle in that location. Certain of these facilities are uncommitted in that the lenders have the right to cease making loans or demand payment of outstanding loans at any time. Moreover, as these facilities mature, local lenders may not renew them or otherwise offer replacement financing facilities. If local lenders lose confidence in us, they may cease making loans or demand payment of outstanding loans with respect to uncommitted facilities or, with respect to committed facilities, decline to renew or extend existing facilities, or require stricter terms and conditions with respect to future facilities. We may not find these terms and conditions acceptable or they may overly restrict our ability to conduct our businesses successfully. An inability to maintain adequate financing to fund our non-U.S. local leaf tobacco operations in any significant location could result in a significant decline in our revenues, profitability and cash flow and may require us to exit operations in that jurisdiction. 
 
 We may not continue to have access to the capital markets to obtain long-term and short-term financing on acceptable terms and conditions. 
 We access the short-term capital markets and, from time to time, the long-term markets to obtain financing. Our access to, and the availability of acceptable terms and conditions of, such financing are impacted by many factors, including: (i) our credit ratings; (ii) the liquidity and volatility of the overall capital markets; and (iii) the current state of the economy, including the tobacco industry. There can be no assurances that we will continue to have access to the capital markets on terms acceptable to us. 
 
 We have substantial debt which may adversely affect us by limiting future sources of financing, interfering with our ability to pay interest, and principal on our indebtedness and subjecting us to additional risks. 
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness and debt service obligations. As of March 31, 2023, we had approximately 1,001.0 million in aggregate principal amount of indebtedness. Our substantial debt could have important consequences, including: 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our senior credit obligations and our other obligations; 
 11 

requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available for operations, working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, product development, and other purposes; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing on satisfactory terms and to otherwise fund working capital, capital expenditures, debt refinancing, acquisitions, and other general corporate requirements; 
 hampering our ability to adjust to changing market conditions; 
 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt or are less leveraged; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business, and the industries in which we operate; 
 restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or exploiting business opportunities; and 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as borrowings under a substantial portion of our debt are subject to variable interest rates. 
 
 We require a significant amount of cash to service our indebtedness. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 We require a significant amount of cash to service our indebtedness and a substantial portion of our cash flow is required to fund the interest payments on our indebtedness. Our ability to service our indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures depends on our ability to generate cash. This is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control, including the continuing impact of shipping constraints related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Also, a substantial portion of our debt, including borrowings under our ABL credit facility, bears interest at variable rates. If market interest rates increase, variable-rate debt will create higher debt-service requirements, which would adversely affect our cash flow. We cannot assure you that our businesses will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. 
 
 Despite current indebtedness levels, we may still be able to incur substantially more debt. This could exacerbate further the risks associated with our significant leverage. 
 We may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future to the extent permitted under our existing credit arrangements. As of March 31, 2023, 414.3 million was available for borrowing under our short and long-term credit facilities. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the risks discussed above could intensify. 
 
 We may not be able to refinance or renew our indebtedness or be able to borrow under our ABL credit facility or other future credit facilities, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 We may not be able to renew or refinance our ABL credit facility or other indebtedness, including our senior secured indebtedness, on substantially similar terms, or at all, including as a result of volatility and disruption of global credit markets. We may have to pay additional fees and expenses that we might not have to pay under normal circumstances, and we may have to agree to terms that could increase the cost of our debt structure. If we are unable to renew or refinance our ABL credit facility and other senior secured indebtedness on terms which are not materially less favorable than the terms currently available to us or obtain alternative or additional financing arrangements, we may not be able to repay the ABL credit facility, our senior secured indebtedness, or certain of our other indebtedness, which may result in a default under other indebtedness. 
 
 Failure of foreign banks in which our subsidiaries deposit funds or the failure to transfer funds or honor withdrawals may affect our results of operations. 
 Funds held by our foreign subsidiaries are often deposited in their local banks. In addition, we maintain deposit accounts with numerous financial institutions around the world in amounts that exceed applicable governmental deposit insurance levels. Banks in certain foreign jurisdictions may be subject to a higher rate of failure or may not honor withdrawals of deposited funds. In addition, the countries in which these local banks operate may lack sufficient regulatory oversight or suffer from structural weaknesses in the local banking system. Due to uncertainties and risks relating to the political stability of certain foreign governments, these local banks also may be subject to exchange controls and therefore unable to perform transfers of certain currencies. If our ability to gain access to these funds was impaired, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to achieve our stated goals, which may adversely affect our liquidity. 
 We face a number of risks, such as changes in economic conditions, pandemics, changes in the leaf tobacco market, changes in regulations affecting the tobacco industry, other changes in demand for our products, and increasing expenses. We may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financing or other various means to fund our business, both at a holding-company level and the local short-term credit lines that fund the operating needs of our non-U.S. local leaf tobacco subsidiaries. Our access to necessary financing may be limited, if it is available at all. Therefore, adequate funds may not be available when needed or may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. 
 
 12 

Developments with respect to our liquidity needs and sources of liquidity could result in a deficiency in liquidity. 
 Our liquidity requirements are affected by various factors from our core tobacco leaf business, including crop seasonality, foreign currency and interest rates, green tobacco prices, customer mix and shipping requirements, crop size, and quality. Our leaf tobacco business is seasonal, and purchasing, processing, and selling activities have several associated peaks where cash on-hand and outstanding indebtedness may vary significantly during the fiscal year. We anticipate periods in the next twelve months during which our liquidity needs will approach the levels of our anticipated available cash and permitted borrowings under our credit facilities. Developments affecting our liquidity needs, including with respect to the foregoing factors, and sources of liquidity, including impacts affecting our cash flows from operations (including as a result of delays with respect to the anticipated timing of shipments of leaf tobacco, whether due to the impact of pandemics, customer preferences, or other reasons) and the availability of capital resources (including an inability to renew or refinance short-term operating lines of credit and other short-term indebtedness), may result in a deficiency in liquidity. To address a potential liquidity deficiency, we may continue to undertake plans to minimize cash outflows, which could include exiting operations that do not generate positive cash flow. It is possible that, depending on the occurrence of events affecting our liquidity needs and sources of liquidity, such plans may not be sufficient to adequately or timely address a liquidity deficiency. 
 
 Derivative transactions may expose us to potential losses and counterparty risk. 
 We may, from time to time, enter into certain derivative transactions, including interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts. Changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments that are not accounted for as cash flow hedges are reported as income, and accordingly could materially affect our reported income in any period. In addition, the counterparties to these derivative transactions may be financial institutions or affiliates of financial institutions, and we would be subject to risks that these counterparties default under these transactions. In some of these transactions, our exposure to counterparty credit risk may not be secured by any collateral. Global economic conditions over the last few years have resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions, including bankruptcy. If one or more of the counterparties to one or more of our derivative transactions not secured by any collateral becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we would become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at the time under those transactions. We cannot assure you of the financial stability or viability of our counterparties. 
 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 Certain shareholders have the ability to exercise controlling influence on various corporate matters. 
 Two shareholders and their respective affiliates, Glendon Capital Management LP (together with its affiliates, the "Glendon Investor") and Monarch Alternative Capital LP (together with its affiliates, the "Monarch Investor;" the Glendon Investor and the Monarch Investor are together referred to as the "Significant Shareholders") beneficially own in the aggregate approximately 56 of our issued and outstanding common stock and, therefore, have significant control on the outcome of matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including, but not limited to, electing directors and approving corporate transactions. Pursuant to the terms of a Shareholders Agreement dated as of August 24, 2020 among the Company and certain shareholders, including the Significant Shareholders, each of the Glendon Investor and the Monarch Investor has the right (depending on its continued ownership of a specified percentage of the outstanding shares of our common stock) to nominate up to two individuals for election as directors, and each of them and the other shareholders that are parties to the Shareholders Agreement have agreed to take all necessary action to elect such nominees as directors. Under our articles of incorporation, the affirmative vote of each of the Glendon Investor and the Monarch Investor, so long as it continues to maintain an Investor Percentage Interest (as defined in the Shareholders Agreement) of at least five percent, is required for the approval of any amendment to the articles of incorporation. It is our understanding that each of the Glendon Investor and the Monarch Investor hold a significant amount of our senior secured indebtedness. Circumstances may occur in which the interests of the Significant Shareholders could be in conflict with the interests of other shareholders, and the Significant Shareholders could have substantial influence to cause us to take actions that align with their interests. Should conflicts arise, we can provide no assurance that the Significant Shareholders would act in the best interests of other shareholders or that any conflicts of interest would be resolved in a manner favorable to our other shareholders. 
 
 The price of our common stock may be negatively impacted by factors that are unrelated to our operations. 
 Although our common stock is currently listed for quotation on the OTC Markets, we understand that no securities brokerage firm is making a market in the Company s common stock. Trading through the OTC Markets is frequently thin and may be highly volatile. There is no assurance that a sufficient market will continue in our stock, in which case it could be difficult for shareholders to sell their stock. The market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, including market perception of the markets in which our businesses operate, quarterly operating results of our competitors, trading volume in our common stock, changes in general conditions in the economy and the financial markets or other developments affecting our competitors or us. In addition, the stock market is subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant effect on the market price of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their operating performance and could have the same effect on our common stock. 
 
 13 

Risks Related to the Tobacco Industry 
 Reductions in demand for consumer tobacco products could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 The tobacco industry, both in the United States and abroad, continues to face a number of issues that may reduce the consumption of cigarettes and adversely affect our business, sales volume, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 These issues, some of which are more fully discussed below, include: 
 governmental actions seeking to ascribe to tobacco product manufacturers liability for adverse health effects associated with smoking and exposure to environmental tobacco smoke; 
 smoking and health litigation against tobacco product manufacturers; 
 increased consumer acceptance of electronic cigarettes; 
 tax increases on consumer tobacco products; 
 potential prohibition on the sale of menthol cigarettes in the United States; 
 current and potential actions by state attorneys general to enforce the terms of the Master Settlement Agreement, or MSA, between state governments in the United States and tobacco product manufacturers; 
 governmental and private banks and restrictions on smoking; 
 actual and proposed price controls and restrictions on imports in certain jurisdictions outside the United States; 
 restrictions on tobacco product manufacturing, marketing, advertising and sales; 
 the diminishing social acceptance of smoking; 
 increased pressure from anti-smoking groups; 
 other tobacco product legislation that may be considered by Congress, the states, municipalities and other countries; and 
 the impact of consolidation among multinational cigarette manufacturers. 
 Legislation and regulatory and other governmental initiatives could impose burdensome restrictions on the tobacco industry and reduce consumption of consumer tobacco products and demand for our services. 
 The Tobacco Control Act, which amended the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, extends the authority of the FDA to regulate tobacco products. This act authorizes the FDA to adopt product standards for tobacco products, including the level of nicotine yield and the reduction or elimination of other constituents of the products, along with provisions for the testing of products against these standards. The act imposes further restrictions on advertising of tobacco products, authorizes the FDA to limit the sales of tobacco products to face-to-face transactions permitting the verification of the age of the purchaser, authorizes a study to determine whether the minimum age for the purchase of tobacco products should be increased and requires submission of reports from manufacturers of tobacco products to the FDA regarding product ingredients and other matters, including reports on health, toxicological, behavioral, or physiologic effects of tobacco products and their constituents. The act also mandates warning labels and requires packaging to indicate the percentage of domestically grown tobacco and foreign grown tobacco included in the product, although the FDA has issued guidance to the industry announcing its intent to enforce the latter requirements until further notice. The FDA has adopted regulations under the act establishing requirements for the sale, distribution, and marketing of cigarettes, as well as package warnings and advertising limitations. 
 
 The act directs the FDA to promulgate regulations requiring that the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the manufacture, preproduction design validation, packing, and storage of a tobacco product conform to current good manufacturing practice. Regulations under the act do not apply to tobacco leaf that is not in the possession of a manufacturer of tobacco products, or to the producers of tobacco leaf, including tobacco suppliers, tobacco warehouses, and tobacco supplier cooperatives unless those entities are controlled by a tobacco product manufacturer, but do apply to our U.S. cut rag processing facility with respect to covered tobacco products. 
 
 On April 28, 2022, the FDA announced its proposals to adopt regulations to prohibit the manufacture, distribution, and sale in the United States of cigarettes having menthol as a characterizing flavor and all cigars having a characterizing flavor other than tobacco. According to the FDA s proposed rulemaking, sales of menthol-flavored cigarettes accounted for 34-36 of total cigarette sales in the U.S. in 2020. While we are unable to precisely estimate the portion of our sales of leaf tobacco in the U.S. that is used in the manufacture of menthol-flavored cigarettes, we believe a significant portion of our U.S. leaf tobacco sales are used for such purpose. In addition, a significant portion of the tobacco from our U.S. cut rag processing facility is used in the manufacture of flavored cigars. The FDA s proposed regulations are subject to public comment and may not be adopted exactly as proposed. In addition, if the proposed regulations are adopted, the extent of any reduction in consumer demand for tobacco products is uncertain, though such reduction could be significant. 
 
 The full impact of the act, including regulations adopted thereunder, the recently proposed regulations, and any further regulatory action to implement the act, is uncertain. However, if the effect of the act and FDA regulations under the act is a significant reduction in consumption of tobacco products, it could materially adversely affect our business, volume, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 14 

Reports with respect to the harmful physical effects of cigarette smoking have been publicized for many years, and the sale, promotion and use of cigarettes continue to be subject to increasing governmental regulation. Since 1964, the Surgeon General of the United States and the Secretary of Health and Human Services have released a number of reports linking cigarette smoking with a broad range of health hazards, including various types of cancer, coronary heart disease and chronic lung disease, and recommending various governmental measures to reduce the incidence of smoking. More recent reports focus upon the addictive nature of cigarettes, the effects of smoking cessation, the decrease in smoking in the United States, the economic and regulatory aspects of smoking in the Western Hemisphere, and cigarette smoking by adolescents, particularly the addictive nature of cigarette smoking in adolescence. Numerous state and municipal governments have taken and others may take actions to diminish the social acceptance of smoking of tobacco products, including banning smoking in certain public and private locations. 
 
 A number of foreign nations also have taken steps to restrict or prohibit cigarette advertising and promotion, to increase taxes on cigarettes and to discourage cigarette smoking. In some cases, such restrictions are more onerous than those in the United States. For example, advertising and promotion of cigarettes has been banned or severely restricted for a number of years in Australia, Canada, Finland, France, Italy, Singapore and other countries. Further, in February 2005, the World Health Organization ("WHO") treaty, the Framework Convention for Tobacco Control ("FCTC"), entered into force. This treaty, which the WHO reports has been signed or otherwise ratified by 181 nations, requires party nations to enact legislation that would require, among other things, specific actions to prevent youth smoking; restrict or prohibit tobacco product marketing; inform the public about the health consequences of smoking and the benefits of quitting; regulate the content of tobacco products; impose new package warning requirements including the use of pictorial or graphic images; eliminate cigarette smuggling and counterfeit cigarettes; restrict smoking in public places; increase and harmonize cigarette excise taxes; abolish duty-free tobacco sales; and permit and encourage litigation against tobacco product manufacturers. 
 Due to the present regulatory and legislative environment, a substantial risk exists that tobacco product sales may decline. A significant decrease in worldwide tobacco consumption brought about by existing or future governmental laws and regulations would reduce demand for tobacco products and services and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 The impact of potential regulations to prohibit the sale of cigarettes in the United States other than low-nicotine cigarettes, if they are adopted and become effective, is uncertain, but they could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In June 2022, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA") announced its plan to publish a proposed rule in 2023 that would prohibit the sale of cigarettes in the United States other than cigarettes having significantly reduced levels of nicotine. The definitive provisions of such a proposed rule have not yet been announced and any rule proposal is subject to public comment prior to being adopted by the FDA. Accordingly, the terms of any such final rule are uncertain and the date of effectiveness of such a rule is also uncertain. While the FDA announced that reducing the nicotine levels of cigarettes would reduce consumption of cigarettes by future generations and facilitate current smokers to stop consuming cigarettes, it is uncertain whether such potential regulations, if they are adopted and become effective, will have such effect. While the impact of such potential regulations on the Company is also uncertain, such regulations, if they are adopted and become effective, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Government actions can have a significant effect on the sourcing of tobacco. If some of the current efforts are successful, we could have difficulty obtaining sufficient tobacco to meet our customers requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our performance and results of operations. 
 A variety of government actions can have a significant effect on the sourcing and production of leaf tobacco. If some of the current proposed efforts are successful, we could have increased barriers to meeting our customers requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our performance and results of operations. 
 The WHO, through the FCTC, has specifically issued policy options and recommendations to promote crop diversification initiatives and alternatives to growing leaf tobacco in countries whose economies depend upon tobacco production. If certain countries were to follow these policy recommendations and seek to eliminate or significantly reduce leaf tobacco production, we could encounter difficulty in sourcing leaf tobacco from these regions to fill customer requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Certain recommendations by the WHO, through the FCTC, may also cause shifts in customer usage of certain styles of tobacco. In countries such as Canada and Brazil and in the European Union, efforts have been taken to eliminate certain ingredients from the manufacturing process for tobacco products. The FCTC and national governments have also discussed formulating a strategy to place limitations on the level of nicotine allowed in tobacco and tobacco smoke. Such decisions could cause a change in requirements for certain styles of tobacco in particular countries. Shifts in customer demand from one type of tobacco to another could create sourcing challenges as requirements move from one origin to another. 
 Regulations impacting our customers that change the requirements for leaf tobacco or restrict their ability to sell their products would inherently impact our business. We have implemented a proprietary "track and trace" system that gathers data on leaf 
 15 

product beginning at the farm level to assist our customers collection of raw material information to support leaf traceability and customer testing requirements. Additionally, given our global presence, we also have the ability to source different types and styles of tobacco for our customers should their needs change due to regulation. Despite our capabilities, the extent to which governmental actions will affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and demand for our products and services will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 In addition, continued government and public emphasis on environmental issues, including climate change, conservation, and natural resource management, could result in new or more stringent forms of regulatory oversight of industry activities, which may lead to increased levels of expenditures for environmental controls, land use restrictions affecting us or our suppliers, and other conditions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For example, certain aspects of our business generate carbon emissions. Regulatory restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions have been proposed in certain countries in which we operate. These may include limitations on such emissions, taxes or emission allowance fees on such emissions, various restrictions on industrial operations, and other measures that could affect land-use decisions, the cost of agricultural production, and the cost and means of processing and transporting our products. These actions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have been subject to governmental investigations into, and litigation concerning, leaf tobacco industry buying and other payment practices. 
 The leaf tobacco industry, from time to time, has been the subject of government investigations regarding trade practices. For example, we were the subject of an investigation by the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice into certain buying practices alleged to have occurred in the industry, we were named defendants in an antitrust class action litigation alleging a conspiracy to rig bids in the tobacco auction markets, and we were the subject of an administrative investigation into certain tobacco buying and selling practices alleged to have occurred within the leaf tobacco industry in some countries within the European Union, including Spain, Italy, Greece and potentially other countries. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are leased and are located in Morrisville, North Carolina. We own nine facilities in seven countries that are material to our leaf operations. We operate our leaf tobacco processing facilities for seven to nine months per year corresponding with the applicable harvesting seasons. We continually compare our production capacity and organization with the transitions occurring in global sourcing of tobacco. We believe our domestic production facilities and certain foreign production facilities have the capacity to process additional volumes of tobacco if required by customer demand. The following is a listing of the principal physical properties used in our leaf operations, which are owned by the Company as of March 31, 2023: 
 
 Location Use North America Wilson, North Carolina, USA Factory / Storage Farmville, North Carolina, USA Storage South America Venancio Aires, Brazil Factory / Storage Ararangua, Brazil Factory / Storage El Carril, Argentina Storage Africa Lilongwe, Malawi Factory / Storage Morogoro, Tanzania Factory / Storage Harare, Zimbabwe Factory / Storage Asia Ngoro, Indonesia Factory / Storage 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Refer to " Note 22. Contingencies and Other Information " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information with respect to legal proceedings, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Pyxus common stock is traded on the OTC Pink Marketplace maintained by the OTC Markets Group, Inc., under the symbol "PYYX". Over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. As of March 31, 2023, the outstanding shares of our common stock were held by one shareholder of record and there were approximately 800 beneficial holders of our common stock. 
 
 The declaration of future dividends by Pyxus is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and subject to our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, and other factors, as well as restrictions under applicable law, and our debt agreements. Refer to " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 Readers are cautioned that the statements contained in this report regarding expectations of our performance or other matters that may affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition are "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, which are based on current expectations of future events, may be identified by the use of words such as "strategy," "expects," "continues," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "will," "estimates," "intends," "projects," "goals," "targets," and other words of similar meaning. These statements also may be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, or if known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, or projected. Some of these risks and uncertainties include the risks, uncertainties, and other factors set forth in this Annual Report, including in " Item 1A. Risk Factors " and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statement is qualified by reference to these cautionary statements. It is not possible to predict or identify all risks and uncertainties relevant to these forward-looking statements. Consequently, the risks and uncertainties identified in this Annual Report should not be considered a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time except as may be required by law. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"). However, we use net debt, a non-GAAP financial measure, to evaluate our financial condition. We believe that the presentation of this non-GAAP financial measure, when viewed as a supplement to our indebtedness reflected on our balance sheets prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, provides useful information to investors in evaluating our indebtedness. In addition, this non-GAAP measure addresses questions we routinely receive from analysts and investors and, in order to ensure that investors have access to similar data, we make this data available to the public. This non-GAAP measure should not be considered as an alternative to total debt or any other measure derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This non-GAAP measure has important limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial measures presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The presentation of our non-GAAP financial measures may change from time to time, including as a result of changed business conditions, new accounting rules, or otherwise. Further, our use of "net debt" may vary from the use of similarly-titled measures by other companies due to the potential inconsistencies in the method of calculation and differences due to items subject to interpretation. 

Executive Summary 
 In fiscal year 2023, we experienced the third consecutive year of La Ni a weather patterns, which limited tobacco supplies and increased tobacco costs in certain markets. We utilized our global footprint to offset reduced production in these markets and were able to meet our customers' demand for sustainably grown compliant leaf in a short crop year. In addition, the Company overcame challenges with inflationary tobacco costs, increasing interest rates, and lingering geopolitical issues by growing revenue for the full year by 16.8 to 1.9 billion, improving gross margin per kilo by 13.0 to 0.61, and accelerating our operating cycle. We strategically utilized some of the funds generated by increased revenue and improvement in our operating 
 17 

cycle to partially repay the Company's outstanding indebtedness under the ABL Credit Facility as of March 31, 2023, which provides the Company with increased financial flexibility as we approach the buying cycle. 
 
 In February 2023, the Company successfully completed an exchange of its existing long-term debt with varying maturity dates for new long-term debt with maturity dates in 2027. Our new capital structure addresses approaching maturity dates, provides the Company with increased financial flexibility, and relief from certain restrictive covenants. 

Overview 
 Pyxus is a global agricultural company with 150 years of experience delivering value-added products and services to businesses and customers. The Company is a trusted provider of responsibly sourced, independently verified, sustainable, and traceable products and ingredients. The Company has one reportable segment for financial reporting purposes: Leaf. An All Other category is included for purposes of reconciliation of the results of the Leaf reportable segment to the consolidated results. See " Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies " to the "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 
 
 18 

Results of Operations 
 
 Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 Consolidated Year Ended March 31, 2023 Year Ended March 31, 2022 Change (in millions) Sales and other operating revenues 1,914.9 1,639.9 275.0 16.8 Cost of goods and services sold 1,653.9 1,412.8 241.1 17.1 Gross profit 261.0 227.1 33.9 14.9 Gross profit as a percent of sales 13.6 13.8 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 151.5 142.0 9.5 6.7 Other expense, net 11.0 3.1 7.9 254.8 Restructuring and asset impairment charges 4.7 8.0 (3.3) (41.3) Goodwill impairment 32.2 (32.2) (100.0) Operating income 93.8 41.7 52.1 124.9 Loss on deconsolidation/disposition of subsidiaries 0.6 10.7 (10.1) (94.4) Loss on pension settlement 2.6 2.6 100.0 Debt retirement expense 2.0 (2.0) (100.0) Interest expense, net 113.2 108.4 4.8 4.4 Income tax expense 34.1 12.6 21.5 170.6 Income from unconsolidated affiliates, net 18.5 10.0 8.5 85.0 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 0.9 0.1 0.8 800.0 Net loss attributable to Pyxus International, Inc. (39.1) (82.1) 43.0 52.4 Leaf: Sales and other operating revenues 1,812.2 1,531.8 280.4 18.3 Tobacco costs 1,474.0 1,233.7 240.3 19.5 Transportation, storage, and other period costs 98.9 92.2 6.7 7.3 Total cost of goods sold 1,572.9 1,325.9 247.0 18.6 Product revenue gross profit 239.3 205.9 33.4 16.2 Product revenue gross profit as a percent of sales 13.2 13.4 Kilos sold 387.8 381.0 6.8 1.8 Average price per kilo 4.67 4.02 0.65 16.2 Average cost per kilo 4.06 3.48 0.58 16.7 Average gross profit per kilo 0.61 0.54 0.07 13.0 Processing and other revenues 88.4 95.4 (7.0) (7.3) Processing and other revenues costs of services sold 64.0 65.9 (1.9) (2.9) Processing and other gross margin 24.4 29.5 (5.1) (17.3) Processing and other gross margin as a percent of sales 27.6 30.9 All Other: Sales and other operating revenues 14.3 12.6 1.7 13.5 Cost of goods and services sold 16.9 21.0 (4.1) (19.5) Gross loss (2.6) (8.4) 5.8 69.0 Gross loss as a percent of sales (18.2) (66.7) Dollar and percentage changes may not calculate exactly due to rounding 

19 

Sales and other operating revenues increased 275.0 million, or 16.8 , to 1,914.9 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 from 1,639.9 million for the year ended March 31, 2022. This increase was due to a 16.2 increase in average price per kilo driven by higher tobacco prices and a 1.8 increase in kilo volume primarily from Asia. 
 
 Cost of goods and services sold increased 241.1 million, or 17.1 , to 1,653.9 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 from 1,412.8 million for the year ended March 31, 2022. This increase was driven by a 16.7 increase in a verage cost per kilo primarily due to undersupply conditions and inflation. 
 
 Gross profit as a percent of sales decreased to 13.6 for the year ended March 31, 2023 from 13.8 for the year ended March 31, 2022. Average gross profit per kilo increased 13.0 primarily due to product mix in Asia and customer mix in North America. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 9.5 million, or 6.7 , to 151.5 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 from 142.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2022. This increase was primarily due to increased accrued bonus compensation, costs incurred in conjunction with the Debt Exchange Transactions, the normalization of travel expenses post-COVID, and rising healthcare costs. These increases were partially offset by lower legal and professional service fees driven by strategic cost cutting initiatives. Selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percent of sales decreased to 7.9 for the year ended March 31, 2023 from 8.7 for the year ended March 31, 2022. This decrease was related to increased sales and other operating revenues. 
 
 Operating income of 93.8 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 increased 52.1 million, or 124.9 , from operating income of 41.7 million for the year ended March 31, 2022. This increase was mainly due to higher leaf sales and other operating revenues and increased average leaf gross margin per kilo. 
 
 Other expense, net increased 7.9 million, or 254.8 , to 11.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 from 3.1 million for the year ended March 31, 2022. This increase was primarily due to higher utilization of securitization facilities. See " Note 4. Other Expense, Net " for additional information. 
 
 Goodwill impairment charges of 32.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2022 were from the full write-off of the carrying value of goodwill for each of the Company's reporting units. See " Note 13. Goodwill and Other Intangibles, Net " for additional information. 
 
 Income tax expense increased 21.5 million, or 170.6 , to 34.1 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 from 12.6 million for the year ended March 31, 2022. This increase was primarily due to 20.8 million of non-recurring expense associated with a valuation allowance for deferred assets recognized in conjunction with the Debt Exchange Transactions. See " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " for additional information regarding the debt exchange transactions completed in February 2023. 
 20 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations, short-term borrowings under our foreign seasonal lines of credit, availability under ABL Credit Facility (defined below), and cash collections from our securitized receivables. Our liquidity requirements are affected by various factors from our core tobacco leaf business, including crop seasonality, foreign currency and interest rates, green tobacco prices, customer mix, crop size, and quality. Our leaf tobacco business is seasonal, and purchasing, processing, and selling activities have several associated peaks where cash on-hand and outstanding indebtedness may vary significantly compared to year end. The first three quarters of our fiscal year generally represent the peak of our working capital requirements. 
 
 We believe our sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund our anticipated operating needs for the next twelve months. During such time our liquidity needs for operations may approach the levels of our anticipated available cash and permitted borrowings under our credit facilities. Unanticipated developments affecting our liquidity needs, including with respect to the foregoing factors, and sources of liquidity, including impacts affecting our cash flows from operations and the availability of capital resources (including an inability to renew or refinance seasonal lines of credit), may result in a deficiency in liquidity. To address a potential liquidity deficiency, we may undertake plans to minimize cash outflows, which could include exiting operations that do not generate positive cash flow. It is possible that, depending on the occurrence of events affecting our liquidity needs and sources of liquidity, such plans may not be sufficient to adequately or timely address a liquidity deficiency. 

Debt Financing 
 We continue to finance our business with a combination of short-term and long-term seasonal credit lines, the long-term debt instruments and securities, advances from customers, and cash from operations when available. See " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for a summary of our short-term and long-term debt. 
 
 We continuously monitor and, as available, adjust funding sources as needed to enhance and drive various business opportunities. From time to time we may take steps to reduce our debt or otherwise improve our financial position. Such actions could include prepayments, open market debt repurchases, negotiated repurchases, other redemptions or retirements of outstanding debt, and refinancing of debt. The amount of prepayments or the amount of debt that may be repurchased, refinanced, or otherwise retired, if any, will depend on market condition, trading levels of our debt, our cash position, compliance with debt covenants, and other considerations. 
 
 Senior Secured Debt 
 
 ABL Credit Facility 
 On February 8, 2022, our wholly owned subsidiary, Pyxus Holdings, Inc. ("Pyxus Holdings"), certain subsidiaries of Pyxus Holdings (together with Pyxus Holdings, the "Borrowers"), and the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Pyxus Parent, Inc. ("Pyxus Parent"), as guarantors, entered into an ABL Credit Agreement (as amended, the "ABL Credit Agreement"), dated as of February 8, 2022, by and among Pyxus Holdings, as Borrower Agent, the Borrowers and parent guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, to establish an asset-based revolving credit facility (the "ABL Credit Facility"), the proceeds of which may be used to provide for the ongoing working capital and general corporate purposes of the Borrowers, the Company, Pyxus Parent, and their subsidiaries. The ABL Credit Facility may be used for revolving credit loans and letters of credit from time to time up to an initial maximum principal amount of 100.0 million, subject to the limitations described below in this paragraph. The ABL Credit Facility includes a 20.0 million uncommitted accordion feature that permits Pyxus Holdings, under certain conditions, to solicit the lenders under the ABL Credit Facility to provide additional revolving loan commitments to increase the aggregate amount of the revolving loan commitments under the ABL Credit Facility not to exceed a maximum principal amount of 120.0 million. The amount available under the ABL Credit Facility is limited by a borrowing base consisting of certain eligible accounts receivable and inventory, reduced by specified reserves, as follows: 
 
 85 of eligible accounts receivable, plus 
 the lesser of (i) 85 of the book value of Eligible Extended Terms Receivables (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) and (ii) 5.0 million, plus 
 90 of eligible credit insured accounts receivable, plus 
 the lesser of (i) 70 of eligible inventory valued at the lower of cost (based on a first-in first-out basis) and market value thereof (net of intercompany profits) or (ii) 85 of the net-orderly-liquidation value percentage of eligible inventory, minus 
 applicable reserves. 
 
 At March 31, 2023, 75.0 million was available for borrowing under the ABL Credit Facility, after reducing availability by the aggregate borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility of 25.0 million outstanding on that date and the 20.0 million of 
 21 

Domestic Availability (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) required to be maintained. Weighted average borrowings outstanding under the ABL Credit Facility during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 were 70.2 million. 
 
 The ABL Credit Facility permits both base rate borrowings and borrowings based upon the Bloomberg-Short-Term Bank Yield Index rate ("BSBY"). Borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility bear interest at an annual rate equal to one, three, or six-month reserve-adjusted BSBY Rate plus 300 basis points or 200 basis points above base rate, as applicable, with a fee on unutilized commitments at an annual rate of 37.5 basis points. 
 
 The ABL Credit Agreement was amended on May 23, 2023, which extended the maturity of the ABL Credit Facility to February 8, 2027. The outstanding amount under the ABL Credit Facility is recorded as noncurrent as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 The ABL Credit Facility may be prepaid from time to time, in whole or in part, without prepayment or premium, subject to a termination fee upon the permanent reduction of commitments under the ABL Credit Facility of 300 basis points for terminations in the first year after entry into the ABL Credit Agreement, 200 basis points for terminations in the second year and 100 basis points for termination in the third year. In addition, customary mandatory prepayments of the loans under the ABL Credit Facility are required upon the occurrence of certain events including, without limitation, outstanding borrowing exposures exceeding the borrowing base, certain dispositions of assets outside of the ordinary course of business in respect of certain collateral securing the ABL Credit Facility and certain casualty and condemnation events. With respect to base rate loans, accrued interest is payable monthly in arrears and, with respect to BSBY loans, accrued interest is payable monthly and on the last day of any applicable interest period. 
 
 The Borrowers obligations under the ABL Credit Facility (and certain related obligations) are (a) guaranteed by Pyxus Parent, and the Company and all of Pyxus Holdings wholly owned domestic subsidiaries, and each of Pyxus Holdings future wholly owned domestic subsidiaries is required to guarantee the ABL Credit Facility on a senior secured basis (collectively, the "ABL Loan Parties") and (b) secured by the collateral, as described below, which is owned by the ABL Loan Parties. 
 
 Cash Dominion. Under the terms of the ABL Credit Facility, if (i) an event of default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) excess borrowing availability under the ABL Credit Facility (based on the lesser of the commitments thereunder and the borrowing base) (the "Excess Availability") falls below 10 of the total commitments under the ABL Credit Facility at such time, or (iii) Domestic Availability (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) being less than 20.0 million, the ABL Loan Parties will become subject to cash dominion, which will require daily prepayment of loans under the ABL Credit Facility with the cash deposited in certain deposit accounts of the ABL Loan Parties, including concentration accounts, and will restrict the ABL Loan Parties ability to transfer cash from their concentration accounts to their disbursement accounts. Such cash dominion period (a "Dominion Period") shall end when (i) if arising as a result of a continuing event of default, such event of default ceases to exist, (ii) if arising as a result of non-compliance with the Excess Availability threshold, Excess Availability shall be equal to or greater than 10 of the total commitments under the ABL Credit Facility for a period of 30 consecutive days and no event of default is continuing, or (iii) if arising as a result of Domestic Availability being less than 20.0 million, Domestic Availability is greater than 20.0 million for a period of 30 consecutive days and no event of default is continuing. 
 
 Covenants. The ABL Credit Agreement governing the ABL Credit Facility contains (i) a springing covenant requiring that the Company s fixed charge coverage ratio be no less than 1.10 to 1.00 during any Dominion Period and (ii) a covenant requiring Domestic Availability greater than 20.0 million at all times until audited financial statements for fiscal year ending March 31, 2023 are delivered under the ABL Credit Agreement. 
 
 The ABL Credit Agreement governing the ABL Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants (subject, in each case, to exceptions and qualifications) and events of defaults, including covenants that limit the Company s ability to, among other things: 
 
 incur additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; 
 make investments; 
 pay dividends and make other restricted payments; 
 sell certain assets; 
 create liens; 
 enter into sale and leaseback transactions; 
 consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
 designate subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement). 
 
 On March 31, 2023, the Borrowers were in compliance with all covenants under the ABL Credit Agreement. See " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 
 
 22 

Intabex Term Loans 
 Pursuant to (i) an exchange offer (the "DDTL Facility Exchange") made to, and accepted by, holders of 100.0 of the outstanding term loans (the "DDTL Term Loans") under the Amended and Restated Term Loan Credit Agreement, effectuated pursuant to that certain Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2022 (the "DDTL Credit Agreement"), by and among Intabex Netherlands B.V., as borrower ("Intabex"), the guarantors party thereto, the administrative agent and collateral agent thereunder, and the several lenders from time to time party thereto and (ii) an exchange offer (the "Exit Facility Exchange") made to, and accepted by, holders of 100.0 of the outstanding term loans (the "Exit Term Loans") under the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2020 (the "Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement"), by and among Pyxus Holdings, as borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the administrative agent and collateral agent thereunder, and the several lenders from time to time party thereto, on February 6, 2023, Pyxus Holdings entered into the Intabex Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2023 (the "Intabex Term Loan Credit Agreement"), by and among, Pyxus Holdings, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Alter Domus (US) LLC ("Alter Domus"), as administrative agent and senior collateral agent. The Intabex Term Loan Credit Agreement established a term loan credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of approximately 189.0 million (the "Intabex Credit Facility"), under which term loans in the full aggregate principal amount of the Intabex Credit Facility (the "Intabex Term Loans") were deemed made in exchange for (i) 100.0 million principal amount of the DDTL Term Loans, plus an additional 2.0 million on account of the exit fee payable under the DDTL Credit Agreement and (ii) approximately 87.0 million principal amount of Exit Term Loans, representing 40.0 of the outstanding principal amount thereof (including the applicable accrued and unpaid PIK interest thereon). 
 
 The Intabex Term Loans bear interest, at Pyxus Holdings option, at either (i) a term SOFR rate (subject to a floor of 1.5 plus 8.0 per annum or (ii) an alternate base rate plus 7.0 per annum. The Intabex Term Loans are stated to mature on December 31, 2027. 
 
 The Intabex Term Loans may be prepaid from time to time, in whole or in part, without prepayment or penalty. With respect to alternate base rate loans, accrued interest is payable quarterly in arrears on the last business day of each calendar quarter and, with respect to SOFR loans, accrued interest is payable on the last day of each applicable interest period but no less frequently than every three months. 
 
 The Intabex Term Loan Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants (subject, in each case, to exceptions and qualifications) and events of defaults, including covenants that limit the Company s and its restricted subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; make investments; pay dividends and make other restricted payments; sell certain assets; incur liens; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all their assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; designate subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; and, in the case of Intabex, undertake business activities and sell certain subsidiaries. 
 
 On March 31, 2023, Pyxus Holdings and the guarantors under the Intabex Term Loan Credit Agreement were in compliance with all covenants under the Intabex Term Loan Credit Agreement. See " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 
 
 Pyxus Term Loans 
 Pursuant to the Exit Facility Exchange, on February 6, 2023, Pyxus Holdings entered into the Pyxus Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2023 (the "Pyxus Term Loan Credit Agreement"), by and among, Pyxus Holdings, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Alter Domus, as administrative agent and senior collateral agent, to establish a term loan credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of approximately 130.5 million (the "Pyxus Credit Facility"), under which term loans in the full aggregate principal amount of the Pyxus Credit Facility (the "Pyxus Term Loans" and, together with the Intabex Term Loans, the "New Term Loans") were deemed made in exchange for 60.0 of the outstanding principal amount of Exit Term Loans (including the applicable accrued and unpaid PIK interest thereon). 
 
 The Pyxus Term Loans bear interest, at Pyxus Holdings option, at either (i) a term SOFR rate (subject to a floor of 1.5 plus 8.0 per annum or (ii) an alternate base rate plus 7.0 per annum. The Pyxus Term Loans are stated to mature on December 31, 2027. 
 
 The Pyxus Term Loans may be prepaid from time to time, in whole or in part, without prepayment or penalty. With respect to alternate base rate loans, accrued interest is payable quarterly in arrears on the last business day of each calendar quarter and, with respect to SOFR loans, accrued interest is payable on the last day of each applicable interest period but no less frequently than every three months. 
 
 The Pyxus Term Loan Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants (subject, in each case, to exceptions and qualifications) and events of defaults, including covenants that limit the Company s and its restricted subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or 
 23 

preferred stock; make investments; pay dividends and make other restricted payments; sell certain assets; incur liens; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all their assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; and designate subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. 
 
 On March 31, 2023, Pyxus Holdings and the guarantors under the Pyxus Term Loan Credit Agreement were in compliance with all covenants under the Pyxus Term Loan Credit Agreement. See " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 
 
 8.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 
 Pursuant to an exchange offer (the "Notes Exchange" and, together with the DDTL Facility Exchange and the Exit Facility Exchange, the "Debt Exchange Transactions") made by Pyxus Holdings and accepted by holders of approximately 92.7 of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 10.0 Senior Secured First Lien Notes due 2024 issued by Pyxus Holdings (the "2024 Notes") pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of August 24, 2020 (the "2024 Notes Indenture"), by and among Pyxus Holdings, the guarantors party thereto and the trustee, collateral agent, registrar and paying agent thereunder, on February 6, 2023, Pyxus Holdings issued approximately 260.5 million in aggregate principal amount of 8.5 Senior Secured Notes due December 31, 2027 (the "2027 Notes" and, together with the New Term Loans, the "New Secured Debt") to the exchanging holders of the 2024 Notes for an equal principal amount of 2024 Notes. The 2027 Notes were issued pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of February 6, 2023 (the "2027 Notes Indenture"), among Pyxus Holdings, the guarantors party thereto, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and Alter Domus, as collateral agent. 
 
 The 2027 Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.5 per annum, which interest is computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. Interest accrues on the 2027 Notes from the date of issuance and is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing on June 15, 2023. The 2027 Notes are stated to mature on December 31, 2027. 
 
 At any time from time to time, Pyxus Holdings may redeem the 2027 Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100.0 of the principal amount of 2027 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 
 The 2027 Notes Indenture contains customary affirmative and negative covenants (subject, in each case, to exceptions and qualifications) and events of defaults, including covenants that limit the Company s and its restricted subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; make investments; pay dividends and make other restricted payments; sell certain assets; incur liens; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all their assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; and designate subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. 
 
 On March 31, 2023, Pyxus Holdings and the guarantors of the 2027 Notes were in compliance with all covenants under the 2027 Notes Indenture. See " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 
 
 Guarantees and Collateral 
 The obligations of Pyxus Holdings under the ABL Credit Agreement and the New Secured Debt are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company, Pyxus Parent and all of the Company s domestic subsidiaries and certain of the Company s foreign subsidiaries, subject to certain limitations (the "Senior Secured Debt Obligors"). In addition, under the Intabex Term Loan Credit Facility, Intabex and Alliance One International Tabak B.V. (which were obligors under the DDTL Term Loans) also guarantee the Intabex Credit Facility (together, the "Specified Intabex Obligors") but do not guarantee the 2027 Notes, the Pyxus Term Loans or obligations under the ABL Credit Agreement. In addition, certain assets of the Specified Intabex Obligors (which were pledged as collateral for the DDTL Term Loans) are pledged as collateral to secure the Intabex Term Loans (the "Intabex Collateral") but do not secure the 2027 Notes, the Pyxus Term Loans or obligations under the ABL Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Senior Secured Debt Obligors obligations under the ABL Credit Agreement are secured by (i) a first-priority senior lien the ABL Priority Collateral (as defined in the ABL/New Secured Debt Intercreditor Agreement (as defined below)), which includes certain accounts receivable and inventory and certain related intercompany notes, cash, deposit accounts, related general intangibles and instruments, certain other related assets and proceeds of the foregoing of the Senior Secured Debt Obligors, and (ii) a junior-priority lien on substantially all assets of the Senior Secured Debt Obligors other than certain exclusions and the ABL Priority Collateral. The New Secured Debt is secured by (i) a first-priority senior lien on substantially all assets of the Senior Secured Debt Obligors other than certain exclusions and the ABL Priority Collateral and (ii) a junior-priority lien on the ABL Priority Collateral. The Intabex Term Loans are further secured by a first-priority lien on the Intabex Collateral. 
 
 The obligations under the New Secured Debt share a single lien, held by Alter Domus, as senior collateral agent (the "Senior Collateral Agent"), on the Collateral (as defined below) subject to the payment waterfall pursuant to the intercreditor 
 24 

arrangements described below. See " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 
 
 Intercreditor Agreements 
 The priority of the obligations under the ABL Credit Agreement and the New Secured Debt are set forth in the two intercreditor agreements entered into in connection with consummation of the DDTL Facility Exchange, the Exit Facility Exchange and the Notes Exchange. 
 
 ABL/New Secured Debt Intercreditor Agreement . On February 6, 2023, Pyxus Holdings, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as ABL Agent, Alter Domus, as Pyxus Term Loan Administrative Agent, Intabex Term Loan Administrative Agent and Senior Collateral Agent, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Senior Notes Trustee entered into an Amended and Restated ABL Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2023 (the "ABL/New Secured Debt Intercreditor Agreement") to provide for the intercreditor relationship between, (i) on one hand, the holders of obligations under the ABL Credit Facility, the guarantees thereof and certain related obligations and (ii) on the other hand, the holders of obligations under the New Secured Debt, the guarantees thereof and certain related obligations. Pursuant to the terms of the ABL/Term Loan/Notes Intercreditor Agreement, Pyxus Holdings obligations under the ABL Credit Facility, the guarantees thereof and certain related obligations have first-priority senior liens on the ABL Priority Collateral, which includes certain accounts receivable and inventory and certain related intercompany notes, cash, deposit accounts, related general intangibles and instruments, certain other related assets of the foregoing entities and proceeds of the foregoing, with the obligations under the New Secured Debt having junior-priority liens on the ABL Priority Collateral. Pursuant to the ABL/New Secured Debt Intercreditor Agreement, Pyxus Holdings collective obligations under the New Secured Debt, the guarantees thereof and certain related obligations have first-priority senior liens on the collateral that is not ABL Priority Collateral, including owned material real property in the United States, capital stock of subsidiaries owned directly by Pyxus Holdings or a guarantor (other than the Intabex Collateral), existing and after acquired intellectual property rights, equipment, related general intangibles and instruments and certain other assets related to the foregoing and proceeds of the foregoing, with the obligations under the ABL Credit Facility having junior-priority liens on such collateral, other than real property. The ABL Credit Facility is not secured by real property. 
 
 New Secured Debt Intercreditor Agreement . On February 6, 2023, the New Secured Debt Obligors, together with the representative for the holders of the New Secured Debt and the Senior Collateral Agent, entered into the Intercreditor and Collateral Agency Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2023 (the "New Secured Debt Intercreditor Agreement"), pursuant to which the Senior Collateral Agent, serves as joint collateral agent for the benefit of the holders of the 2027 Notes, the Pyxus Term Loans and the Intabex Term Loans with respect to all common collateral securing such indebtedness (the "Collateral"; which excludes Intabex Collateral). The New Secured Debt Intercreditor Agreement provides that Collateral or proceeds thereof received in connection with or upon the exercise of secured creditor remedies will be distributed (subject to the provisions described in the next paragraph) first to holders of the New Secured Debt on a pro rata basis based on the aggregate principal amount of each class of New Secured Debt, and then to holders of future junior debt secured by such Collateral on a pro rata basis based on the aggregate principal amount of each class of future junior debt (and in each case permitted refinancing indebtedness thereof). 
 
 Exercise of rights and remedies against the Collateral and certain rights in a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding (including the right to object to debtor-in-possession financing or to credit bid) by the Senior Collateral Agent will be controlled first by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the New Term Loans (including, in any event, each holder holding at least 20.0 of the New Term Loans as of February 6, 2023, provided such holder holds at least 15.0 of the New Term Loans as of the date of determination), second, after repayment in full of the New Term Loans, by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2027 Notes and last, after repayment in full of the New Term Loans and the 2027 Notes, by holders of a majority in principal amount of any future junior debt secured by the Collateral. Any such future junior debt will be subject to certain customary waivers of rights in a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding in favor of the Senior Collateral Agent, including, but not limited to, with respect to debtor-in-possession financing, adequate protection and credit bidding. See " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 The Company, Pyxus Parent and Pyxus Holdings (collectively, the "Holding Companies") entered into a Support and Exchange Agreement, effective as of December 27, 2022 (as amended, including by joinders thereto, the "Support Agreement"), with a group of creditors, including Glendon Capital Management LP, Monarch Alternative Capital LP, Nut Tree Capital Management, L.P., Intermarket Corporation and Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. on behalf of certain funds managed by them and/or certain of their advisory clients, as applicable (collectively, the "Supporting Holders"), holding in aggregate: 
 
 approximately 99.7 of the DDTL Term Loans outstanding under the DDTL Credit Agreement; 
 approximately 68.1 of the Exit Term Loans outstanding under the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement; and 
 25 

approximately 64.1 of the 2024 Notes outstanding under the 2024 Notes Indenture. 
 
 Pursuant to the Support Agreement, the Supporting Holders agreed to participate in the DDTL Facility Exchange, the Exit Facility Exchange and the Notes Exchange. Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023 by Glendon Capital Management, L.P. (the "Glendon Investor"), Glendon Opportunities Fund, L.P. and Glendon Opportunities Fund II, L.P., Glendon Capital Management, L.P. reported beneficial ownership of 7,938,792 shares of the Company s common stock, representing approximately 31.8 of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on January 23, 2023, by Monarch Alternative Capital LP (the "Monarch Investor"), MDRA GP LP and Monarch GP LLC, Monarch Alternative Capital LP reported beneficial ownership of 6,140,270 shares of the Company s common stock, representing approximately 24.6 of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022 by Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. and Jeffrey A. Altman, Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. is the investment manager of certain funds and reported beneficial ownership of 2,405,287 shares of the Company s common stock on December 31, 2021, representing approximately 9.6 of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. A representative of the Glendon Investor and a representative of the Monarch Investor served as directors of Pyxus at the time the Company and its applicable subsidiaries entered into the DDTL Credit Agreement, its predecessor agreement and the amendments thereto, and the Support Agreement, effected borrowings under the DDTL Credit Agreement and its predecessor agreement and commenced the Debt Exchange Transactions. The DDTL Credit Agreement, its predecessor agreement and the amendments thereto, any and all borrowings thereunder, the related guaranty transactions, the Support Agreement, the Debt Exchange Transactions, including the Intabex Term Loan Credit Agreement, the Intabex Term Loans, the Pyxus Term Loan Credit Agreement, the Pyxus Term Loans, the 2027 Notes and the 2027 Notes Indenture were approved, and determined to be on terms and conditions at least as favorable to the Company and its subsidiaries as could reasonably have been obtained in a comparable arm s-length transaction with an unaffiliated party, by a majority of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of Pyxus. See " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 
 
 2024 Notes 
 In conjunction with the Notes Exchange, Pyxus Holdings received consents from requisite holders of 2024 Notes to amend the 2024 Notes Indenture, the 2024 Notes and the related intercreditor and security documents to, among other things, (i) eliminate most of the restrictive covenants and certain of the affirmative covenants in the 2024 Notes Indenture, (ii) eliminate the change of control repurchase obligation in the 2024 Notes Indenture, (iii) subordinate the 2024 Notes in right of payment to existing and future senior indebtedness (including the New Secured Debt), (iv) eliminate certain events of default and (v) release all of the collateral securing the 2024 Notes. On February 6, 2023, the relevant parties to the 2024 Notes Indenture entered into the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 6, 2023 (the "2024 Notes Supplemental Indenture"), to the 2024 Notes Indenture, pursuant to which the 2024 Notes Indenture, the 2024 Notes and the related intercreditor and security documents were amended to effect these changes. 
 
 The 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of 10.0 per year, payable semi-annually in arrears in cash on February 15 and August 15 of each year. The 2024 Notes are stated to mature on August 24, 2024. At March 31, 2023, the remaining 2024 Notes outstanding is 19.9 million, net of a debt discount of 0.5 million. The total repayment amount due at maturity is 20.4 million. 
 
 On March 31, 2023, Pyxus Holdings and the guarantors of the 2024 Notes were in compliance with all covenants under the 2024 Notes Indenture, as amended by the 2024 Notes Supplemental Indenture. See " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 
 
 Foreign Seasonal Lines of Credit 
 Excluding its long-term credit arrangements, the Company has typically financed its non-U.S. operations with uncommitted short-term seasonal lines of credit arrangements with a number of banks. These operating lines are generally seasonal in nature, typically extending for a term of 180 to 365 days corresponding to the tobacco crop cycle in that location. These facilities are typically uncommitted in that the lenders have the right to cease making loans and demand repayment of loans at any time or at specified dates. These loans are generally renewed at the outset of each tobacco season. Certain of the foreign seasonal lines of credit are guaranteed by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. At March 31, 2023, the total borrowing capacity under individual foreign seasonal lines of credit range up to 131.8 million. At March 31, 2023, the aggregate outstanding borrowings of the Company under these seasonal credit lines was approximately 365.1 million and approximately 332.3 million was available for borrowing under these seasonal credit lines, subject to limitations as provided under the ABL Credit Agreement and the agreements governing the New Secured Debt. The weighted average variable interest rate for these seasonal lines of credit for the year ended March 31, 2023 was 6.8 . Certain of the foreign seasonal lines of credit, with aggregate outstanding borrowings at March 31, 2023 of approximately 84.6 million, are secured by trade receivables and inventories as collateral. At March 31, 2023, the Company and its subsidiaries were in compliance with the covenants associated with the short-term seasonal lines of credit. 
 26 

Seasonal liquidity beyond cash flow from operations is provided by our foreign seasonal lines of credit, advances from customers, and sales of accounts receivable. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, our average short-term borrowings, aggregated peak short-term borrowings outstanding, and weighted-average interest rate on short-term borrowings were as follows: 
 
 (in millions) March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 Average short-term borrowings (1) 
 456.4 393.1 Aggregated peak short-term borrowings outstanding (1) 
 690.6 559.4 Weighted-average interest rate on short-term borrowings 6.8 6.1 (1) The Company utilized borrowings under the DDTL Facility during the year ended March 31, 2022 to fund a portion of its tobacco purchasing commitments. 

Aggregated peak borrowings for the year ended March 31, 2023 occurred during the first q uarter, which represents peak timing for green tobacco purchases and repayments being made in Africa and South America, due to increased borrowing capacity in certain markets. Borrowings during the prior year and in the current year were repaid with cash provided by operating activities. For further information on our debt financing as of March 31, 2023, see " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 
 
 The following summarizes our total borrowing capacity at March 31, 2023 and 2022 under our short-term and long-term credit lines and letter of credit facilities and the remaining available amount after the reduction for outstanding borrowings and amounts reserved for outstanding letters of credit: 
 
 March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 (in millions) Total Borrowing Capacity Remaining Amounts Available Total Borrowing Capacity Remaining Amounts Available Senior Secured Credit Facilities: ABL Credit Facility 100.0 75.0 100.0 10.0 Foreign seasonal lines of credit 697.5 332.3 659.7 287.2 Other long-term debt 0.6 0.1 0.7 0.4 Letters of credit 18.6 6.9 13.5 4.5 Total 816.7 414.3 773.9 302.1 
 
 Net Debt 
 We refer to "Net debt", a non-GAAP measure, as total debt liabilities less cash and cash equivalents. We believe this non-GAAP financial measure is useful to monitor leverage and to evaluate changes to the Company's capital structure. A limitation associated with using net debt is that it subtracts cash and cash equivalents, and therefore, may imply that management intends to use cash and cash equivalents to reduce outstanding debt and that cash held in certain jurisdictions can be applied to repay obligations owing in other jurisdictions and without reduction for applicable taxes. In addition, net debt suggests that our debt obligations are less than the most comparable GAAP measure indicates. 
 
 (in millions) March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 Notes payable to banks 382.5 378.6 Current portion of long-term debt (1) 
 0.1 107.9 Long-term debt (2) 
 618.4 580.5 Total debt liabilities 1,001.0 1,067.0 Less: Cash and cash equivalents (3) 
 136.7 198.8 Net debt 864.3 868.2 (1) The decrease in the current portion of long-term debt is due to the refinancing of the DDTL Term Loans on a long-term basis. 
 (2) The increase in long-term debt is primarily due to the refinancing of the DDTL Term Loans on a long-term basis, partially offset by net repayments on the ABL Credit Facility. 
 (3) The decrease in cash and cash equivalents is driven by net repayments on the ABL Credit Facility. 

27 

Working Capital 
 The following summarizes our working capital: 
 
 Change (in millions except for current ratio) March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 138.9 200.9 (62.0) (30.9) Trade and other receivables, net 202.7 260.2 (57.5) (22.1) Inventories and advances to tobacco suppliers, net 817.4 798.4 19.0 2.4 Recoverable income taxes 5.8 7.9 (2.1) (26.6) Prepaid expenses and other current assets 55.7 60.3 (4.6) (7.6) Total current assets 1,220.6 1,327.6 (107.0) (8.1) Notes payable to banks 382.5 378.6 3.9 1.0 Accounts payable 170.3 179.0 (8.7) (4.9) Advances from customers 42.5 53.0 (10.5) (19.8) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 92.7 82.2 10.5 12.8 Current portion of long-term debt 0.1 107.9 (107.8) (99.9) Other current liabilities 27.0 13.7 13.3 97.1 Total current liabilities 715.1 814.4 (99.3) (12.2) Current ratio 1.7 to 1 1.6 to 1 Working capital 505.5 513.2 (7.7) (1.5) Amounts may not equal column totals due to rounding 

Working capital decreased 7.7 million, or 1.5 , to 505.5 million as of March 31, 2023 from 513.2 million as of March 31, 2022 due to a decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and a decrease in accounts receivable through higher utilization of securitization programs. Higher collections of cash through securitization facilities enabled us to purchase more expensive green tobacco inventories without significantly increasing borrowings under our seasonal foreign lines of credit, and the ability to partially repay the outstanding indebtedness under the ABL Credit Facility, which is classified as long-term debt. Current liabilities decreased mainly due to the refinancing of the DDTL Term Loans on a long-term basis. 

Inventories 
 The following summarizes inventory committed to a customer and uncommitted inventory balances for processed tobacco: 
 
 (in millions) March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 Committed 479.4 471.9 Uncommitted 19.0 45.7 Total processed tobacco 498.4 517.6 
 
 Processed tobacco decreased 19.2 million, or 3.7 , to 498.4 million as of March 31, 2023 from 517.6 million as of March 31, 2022 due to undersupply conditions in the global tobacco market and higher sales of inventories. See " Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies " and " Note 8. Inventories, Net " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for further information. 

Sources and Uses of Cash 
 We have typically financed our non-U.S. tobacco operations with uncommitted short-term foreign seasonal lines of credit. These foreign lines of credit are generally seasonal in nature, normally extending for a term of 180 to 365 days, corresponding to the tobacco crop cycle in that market. These short-term foreign seasonal lines of credit are typically uncommitted and provide lenders the right to cease making loans and demand repayment of loans. These short-term foreign seasonal lines of credit are typically renewed at the outset of each tobacco season. We maintain various other financing arrangements to meet the cash requirements of our businesses. See " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 
 
 We utilize capital in excess of cash flow from operations to finance accounts receivable, inventory, and advances to tobacco suppliers in foreign countries. In addition, we may periodically elect to purchase, redeem, repay, retire, or cancel indebtedness prior to stated maturity under our various foreign credit lines. 
 
 28 

As of March 31, 2023 our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash was 138.9 million, of which 76.5 million was held in foreign jurisdictions and subject to exchange controls and tax consequences that could limit our ability to fully repatriate these funds. Fluctuation of the U.S. dollar versus many of the currencies in which we incur costs may have an impact on our working capital requirements. We will continue to monitor and hedge foreign currency costs, as needed. 
 
 The following summarizes our sources and uses of our cash flows: 
 
 (in millions) Year Ended March 31, 2023 Year Ended March 31, 2022 Trade and other receivables (111.9) (261.9) Inventories and advances to tobacco suppliers (21.1) (31.5) Payables and accrued expenses 5.1 59.3 Advances from customers (10.7) 41.2 Other 0.8 (5.9) Net cash used in operating activities (137.8) (198.8) Collections from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables 165.3 189.4 Other (10.4) (8.2) Net cash provided by investing activities 154.9 181.2 Net proceeds of short-term borrowings 5.2 9.2 Proceeds from DDTL facility 117.6 Net (repayment of) proceeds from revolving loan facilities (65.0) 21.9 Other (23.2) (25.4) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (83.0) 123.3 Increase (decrease) from exchange rate changes on cash 3.5 (2.1) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (62.4) 103.6 
 
 The change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash decreased 166.0 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily from net repayments made on the outstanding indebtedness under the ABL Credit Facility in the current fiscal year, and proceeds from the DDTL Facility during the prior fiscal year that did not reoccur. These decreases were partially offset by improvements in trade accounts receivable due to higher sales and higher utilization of securitization facilities, which resulted in less cash used by operating activities. 
 
 Planned Capital Expenditures 
 We are estimating 21.1 million i n capital investments for fiscal 2024 for routine replacement of equipment, as well as investments in assets that will add value to the customer or increase efficiency. 
 
 Securitized Receivables 
 We sell trade receivables to unaffiliated financial institutions under multiple revolving trade accounts receivable securitization facilities. Under the first and second programs, we receive a discount from the face value of the receivable sold, less contractual dilutions which limit the amount that may be outstanding from any one particular customer and insurance reserves that also have the effect of limiting the risk attributable to any one customer. Our beneficial interests in the first and second facilities is subordinate to the purchaser of the receivables. Under the third and fourth programs, we receive an amount equal to the face value of the receivable sold, less a discount rate tied to a benchmark rate, which varies based on the invoice currency. See " Note 17. Securitized Receivables " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 
 
 29 

Aggregate Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The following summarizes our contractual cash obligations and other commercial commitments as of March 31, 2023 : 
 
 Payments / Expirations by Fiscal Year (in millions) Total 2024 Years 2025-2026 Years 2027-2028 After 2028 Long-Term Debt Obligations (1) 
 618.4 20.3 598.1 Short-Term Debt Obligations (2) 
 382.6 382.6 Interest on Debt Obligations (3) 
 321.8 69.6 135.7 116.5 Pension and Postretirement Obligations 68.0 7.0 13.8 13.4 33.8 Operating Lease Obligations 52.2 13.0 15.3 10.1 13.8 Tobacco and Other Purchase Obligations 658.6 658.6 Amounts Guaranteed for Tobacco Suppliers 152.0 152.0 Total Contractual Obligations and Other Commercial Commitments 2,253.6 1,282.8 185.1 738.1 47.6 (1) On May 23, 2023, the ABL Credit Agreement was amended to extend the maturity of the ABL Credit Facility to February 8, 2027. 
 (2) Short-term debt obligations consist of the current portion of long-term debt and our seasonal foreign credit lines. 
 (3) Interest obligations includes interest for long-term debt, including indebtedness under the ABL Credit Facility. The projected interest includes both fixed and variable rate debt. The variable rate used in the projections is the rate that was being charged on our variable rate debt as of March 31, 2023. 

Tobacco and Other Purchase Obligations 
 Tobacco purchase obligations result from contracts with suppliers, primarily in Africa, Europe, North America, and South America, to buy either specified quantities of tobacco or the supplier s total tobacco production. Amounts shown as tobacco purchase obligations are estimates based on projected purchase prices of the future crop tobacco. Payment of these obligations is net of our advances to these suppliers. Our tobacco purchase obligations do not exceed our projected requirements over the related terms and are in the normal course of business. Other purchase obligations consist primarily of purchase commitments of agricultural material. Tobacco and other purchase obligations increased 143.1 million, or 27.8 , from 515.5 million to 658.6 million primarily due to higher tobacco prices. 
 
 Amounts Guaranteed for Tobacco Suppliers 
 In Africa and South America, we provide guarantees to ensure financing is available to our tobacco suppliers. In the event these suppliers should default, we would be responsible for repayment of the funds provided to these suppliers. We also provide guarantees for the financing of certain unconsolidated subsidiaries in Asia and South America. See " Note 18. Guarantees " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 

Tax and Repatriation Matters 
 We are subject to income tax laws in the countries in which we do business through wholly owned subsidiaries and through affiliates. We regularly review of the income tax requirements of each of our operations, file appropriate returns, and make appropriate income tax planning analyses. 
 
 We regularly evaluate the status of the accumulated unremitted earnings of each of our foreign subsidiaries. If the undistributed earnings are needed in the U.S., we may be required to pay state income and/or foreign local withholding taxes upon repatriation. We provide deferred income taxes, net of creditable foreign taxes, if applicable, on earnings that are not indefinitely invested. See " Note 6. Income Taxes " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires the use of estimates and assumptions that have an impact on the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management considers an accounting estimate critical if it: (i) requires us to make judgments and estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain, (ii) it is important to an understanding of our financial condition or operating results, and (iii) has a material impact to the financial statements. 
 
 We base our estimates on currently available information, historical experience, and various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. Management has discussed the development, selection, and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 
 30 

Management believes the following accounting estimates are most critical to our business operations and to an understanding of our financial condition and results of operations and reflect the more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Our annual effective income tax rate is based on our jurisdictional mix of pretax income, statutory tax rates, exchange rates, and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws are complex, subject to change, and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. Significant judgment is required in determining our tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions including evaluating uncertainties under ASC 740. We record unrecognized tax benefits in multiple jurisdictions and evaluate the future potential outcomes of tax positions, based upon our interpretation of the country-specific tax law, and the likelihood of future settlement. We review our tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. 
 
 Deferred income tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. Such assets arise from temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the recoverability of these future tax deductions by assessing the impact from changes in or issuance of new tax law and the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. These sources of income inherently rely on estimates. To provide insight, we use our historical experience along with our short and long-range business forecasts. In addition, we make adjustments to historical data for objectively verifiable information where appropriate. 
 
 We believe it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred income tax assets may expire as unused and have established a valuation allowance against them. Although realization is not assured for the remaining deferred income tax assets, we believe it is more likely than not such remaining deferred tax assets will be fully recoverable within the applicable statutory expiration periods. However, deferred tax assets could be reduced in the near term if estimates of taxable income are significantly reduced or available tax planning strategies are no longer viable. See " Note 6. Income Taxes " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 
 
 Pensions and Postretirement Health Care and Life Insurance Benefits 
 The valuation of our pension and other postretirement health care and life insurance plans requires the use of assumptions and estimates that are used to develop actuarial valuations of expenses, assets and liabilities. These assumptions include discount rates, investment returns, projected salary increases, benefits, and mortality rates. The significant assumptions used in the calculation of pension and postretirement obligations are: 
 
 Discount rate: The discount rate is based on investment yields available at the measurement date on high-quality fixed income obligations, such as those included in the Moody s Aa bond index. 
 Salary increase assumption: The salary increase assumption reflects our expectations with respect to long-term salary increases of our workforce. Historical pay increases, expectations for the future, and anticipated inflation and promotion rates are considered in developing this assumption. 
 Cash balance crediting rate: Interest is credited on cash balance accounts based on the yield on one-year Treasury Constant Maturities plus 1 . The assumed crediting rate thus considers the discount rate, current treasury rates, current inflation rates, and expectations for the future. 
 Mortality rates: Mortality rates are based on gender-distinct group annuity mortality tables. 
 Expected return on plan assets: The expected return reflects asset allocations, investment strategy, and our historical actual returns. 
 Termination and retirement rates: Termination and retirement rates are based on standard tables reflecting past experience and anticipated future experience under the plan. No early retirement rates are used since benefits provided are actuarially equivalent and there are not early retirement subsidies in the plan. 
 Inflation: The inflation assumption is based on an evaluation of external market indicators, including real gross domestic product growth and central bank inflation targets. 
 Expected contributions: The expected amount and timing of contributions are based on an assessment of minimum requirements, cash availability, and other considerations (e.g., funded status, avoidance of regulatory premiums, and levies, and tax efficiency). 
 Health care cost trends: The health care cost trend assumptions are developed based on historical cost data, the near-term outlook, and an assessment of likely long-term trends. 
 
 Assumptions are set at each year end and are generally not changed during the year unless there is a major plan event such as a curtailment or settlement that would trigger a plan remeasurement. 
 
 31 

Management periodically reviews actual demographic experience as it compares to the actuarial assumptions. Changes in assumptions are made if there are significant deviations or if future expectations change significantly. Based upon anticipated changes in assumptions, pension and postretirement expense is expected to decrease by 3.1 million in the year ended March 31, 2024 as compared to March 31, 2023. The cash contribution to our employee benefit plans during the year ended March 31, 2023 was 11.3 million and is expected to be 7.0 mil lion in fiscal 2024. 
 
 The effect of actual results differing from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods. Changes in other assumptions and future investment returns could potentially have a material impact on our pension and postretirement expenses and related funding requirements. The effect of a change in certain assumptions is shown below: 
 
 (in thousands) Estimated Change in Projected Benefit Obligation Increase (Decrease) Estimated Change in Annual Expense Increase (Decrease) Change in Assumption (Pension and Postretirement Plans) 1 increase in discount rate (7,719) (143) 1 decrease in discount rate 8,809 94 1 increase in salary increase assumption 131 35 1 decrease in salary increase assumption (124) (37) 1 increase in rate of return on assets (509) 1 decrease in rate of return on assets 509 
 
 Changes in assumptions for other postretirement benefits are no longer applicable as the benefit is capped and no longer subject to inflation. See " Note 21. Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 Information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted is included in " Note 2. New Accounting Standards " to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements," which information is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Derivatives policies 
 Hedging foreign exchange exposure using forward contracts are specifically contemplated to manage risk in accordance with management's policies and reduce the risks inherent in currency fluctuations. We do not utilize derivatives for speculative purposes or enter into market risk sensitive instruments for trading purposes. Derivatives are transaction specific such that a specific contract or invoice determines the amount, maturity, and other specifics of the hedge. 
 
 Foreign exchange rates 
 Our business is generally conducted in USD, as is the business of the tobacco industry as a whole. However, local country operating costs, including the purchasing and processing costs for tobaccos, are subject to the effects of exchange fluctuations of the local currency against the USD. We attempt to minimize such currency risks by matching the timing of our working capital borrowing needs against the tobacco purchasing and processing funds requirements in the currency of the country where the tobacco is grown. Also, in some cases, our sales pricing arrangements with our customers allow adjustments for the effect of currency exchange fluctuations on local purchasing and processing costs. Fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies can significantly affect our operating results. In our cost of goods and services sold, we have recognized exchange losses of 5.2 million and 2.7 million for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We recognized exchange (losses) gains of (1.8) million and 2.6 million related to tax balances in our tax expense for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In addition, foreign currency fluctuations in the Euro and (U.K.) Sterling can significantly impact the currency translation adjustment component of accumulated other comprehensive income. We recognized gains (losses) of 1.7 million and (4.2) million for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as a result of fluctuations in these currencies. 
 
 Our consolidated SG A expenses denominated in foreign currencies are subject to translation risks from currency exchange fluctuations. These foreign denominated expenses accounted for approximately 35.2 million, or 23.2 , of our total SG A expenses for the year ended March 31, 2023. A 10 change in the value of the USD relative to those currencies would have caused the reported value of those expenses to increase or decrease by approximately 3.5 million. 
 
 32 

Interest rates 
 We manage our exposure to interest rate risk through the proportion of fixed rate and variable rate debt in our total debt portfolio. A 1 change in variable interest rates would have increased or decreased our reported interest cost for the year ended March 31, 2023 by approximatel y 8.6 million. A substantial portion of our borrowings are denominated in USD and bear interest at commonly quoted rates. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Table of Contents Page No. Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 34 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 35 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 38 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 39 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 77 

33 

Pyxus International, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 (in thousands, except per share data) Year Ended March 31, 2023 Year Ended March 31, 2022 Sales and other operating revenues Cost of goods and services sold Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expenses Other expense, net Restructuring and asset impairment charges Goodwill impairment Operating income Loss on deconsolidation/disposition of subsidiaries Loss on pension settlement Debt retirement expense Interest expense, net Loss before income taxes and other items ) ) Income tax expense Income from unconsolidated affiliates, net Net loss ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to Pyxus International, Inc. ) ) Loss per share: Basic and Diluted See "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" 

34 

Pyxus International, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 
 (in thousands) Year Ended March 31, 2023 Year Ended March 31, 2022 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Pension and other postretirement benefit plans Cash flow hedges ) Total other comprehensive income, net of tax Total comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive loss attributable to Pyxus International, Inc. ) ) See "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" 

35 

Pyxus International, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands) March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Trade receivables, net Other receivables Inventories, net Advances to suppliers, net Recoverable income taxes Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Other intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes, net Long-term recoverable income taxes Other noncurrent assets Right-of-use assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities Notes payable to banks Accounts payable Advances from customers Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Income taxes payable Operating leases payable Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term taxes payable Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Liability for unrecognized tax benefits Long-term leases Pension, postretirement, and other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity Common stock par value: 
 authorized shares and issued and outstanding for all periods 
 Retained deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity of Pyxus International, Inc. Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity See "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" 
 
 36 

Pyxus International, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Attributable to Pyxus International, Inc. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (in thousands) Common Stock Retained Deficit Currency Translation Adjustment Pensions, Net of Tax Derivatives, Net of Tax Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Balance, March 31, 2022 ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Other ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Balance, June 30, 2022 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2022 ) ) Net loss (income) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance, March 31, 2023 ) ) See "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" 

Pyxus International, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (continued) 
 Attributable to Pyxus International, Inc. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (in thousands) Common Stock Retained Deficit Currency Translation Adjustment Pensions, Net of Tax Derivatives, Net of Tax Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Balance, March 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance, June 30, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2021 ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Other ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Balance, March 31, 2022 ) ) See "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" 

37 

Pyxus International, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) Year Ended March 31, 2023 Year Ended March 31, 2022 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Debt amortization/interest Loss on foreign currency transactions Asset impairment charges Loss on deconsolidation/disposition of subsidiaries Loss on pension settlement Bad debt expenses Income from unconsolidated affiliates, net of dividends ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net: Trade and other receivables ) ) Inventories and advances to tobacco suppliers ) ) Deferred items ) ) Recoverable income taxes ) Payables and accrued expenses Advances from customers ) Prepaid expenses Income taxes ) Other operating assets and liabilities Other, net ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Investing activities: Purchases of property, plant, and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant, and equipment Collections from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables Loan to deconsolidated subsidiary ) Collection of loan from deconsolidated subsidiary Proceeds from settlement of debt claims from deconsolidated subsidiaries Other, net ) Net cash provided by investing activities Financing activities: Net proceeds of short-term borrowings Proceeds from DDTL facility Repayment of DDTL facility ) ) Proceeds from DDTL term loan facility Proceeds from revolving loan facilities Repayment of revolving loan facilities ) ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings Repayment of long-term borrowings ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Fees paid to refinance the DDTL facility ) Fees paid to exchange debt ) Other, net ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Increase (decrease) from exchange rate changes on cash ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Other information: Cash paid for income taxes, net Cash paid for interest, net Noncash investing activities: Noncash amounts obtained as a beneficial interest in exchange for transferring trade receivables in a securitization transaction See "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" 
 
 38 

Pyxus International, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Note 1 
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 40 
 Note 2 
 New Accounting Standards 
 46 
 Note 3 
 Revenue Recognition 
 46 
 Note 4 
 Other Expense, Net 
 47 
 Note 5 
 Restructuring and Asset Impairment Charges 
 47 
 Note 6 
 Income Taxes 
 48 
 Note 7 
 Loss Per Share 
 51 
 Note 8 
 Inventories, Net 
 51 
 Note 9 
 Advances to Tobacco Suppliers, Net 
 51 
 Note 10 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 51 
 Note 11 
 Equity Method Investments 
 52 
 Note 12 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 52 
 Note 13 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, Net 
 53 
 Note 14 
 Leases 
 54 
 Note 15 
 Property, Plant, and Equipment, Net 
 55 
 Note 16 
 Debt Arrangements 
 56 
 Note 17 
 Securitized Receivables 
 64 
 Note 18 
 Guarantees 
 65 
 Note 19 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 65 
 Note 20 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 65 
 Note 21 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 67 
 Note 22 
 Contingencies and Other Information 
 72 
 Note 23 
 Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 73 
 Note 24 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 73 
 Note 25 
 Related Party Transactions 
 74 
 Note 26 
 Segment Information 
 75 
 Note 27 
 Subsequent Events 
 76 

39 

1. 

40 

Leaf region operations in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, and Africa were similar. Each geographic region derives its revenues mainly from shipping processed tobacco to manufacturers of cigarettes and other consumer tobacco products around the world, with a smaller percentage of revenue in each region being derived from performing third-party tobacco processing services. The product category operating segments other than Leaf do not individually or in the aggregate meet the quantitative and qualitative thresholds to be individually reportable and have been combined and reported in an "All Other" category. The Leaf reportable segment is consistent with information used by the chief operating decision maker to assess performance, make operating decisions, and allocate resources. The Company evaluates the operating performance of its one segment based upon information included in management reports. Corporate general expenses are allocated to the segments based upon segment selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 
 As a result of this reevaluation, effective during the fourth quarter of the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company has operating segments organized by geographic area and product category that are aggregated into reportable segment for financial reporting purposes: Leaf. The All Other category is included for purposes of reconciliation of respective balances for the Leaf segment to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 41 

42 

reporting units due to their similar economic characteristics. Goodwill is not subject to amortization and is tested for impairment annually, on the first day of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year, or whenever events and circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. The Company's annual goodwill impairment test performed for the year ended March 31, 2022 resulted in goodwill being fully impaired. See " Note 13. Goodwill and Other Intangibles, Net " for additional information. 
 
 The Company utilizes a qualitative assessment to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the Company's qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, no further analysis is performed. Otherwise, the Company performs a quantitative assessment using the discounted cash flow ("DCF") method of the income approach. The future cash flows of the Company s reporting units are projected based on estimates of future revenues, gross margins, operating income, excess net working capital, capital expenditures, and other factors. The Company utilizes estimated revenue growth rates and cash flow projections. The discount rates utilized in the DCF method are based on a weighted-average cost of capital determined from relevant market comparisons and adjusted for specific reporting unit risks, country risk premiums, and capital structure. A terminal value estimated growth rate is applied to the final year of the projected period and reflects the Company s estimate of perpetual growth. The Company then calculates a present value of the respective cash flows for each reporting unit to arrive at an estimate of fair value under the income approach. 
 
 The Company has intangible assets with definite useful lives. These intangible assets are assessed annually and tested for impairment whenever factors indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The trade name, customer relationship, and technology intangibles are amortized on a straight-line basis over fourteen , nine to , and , respectively. The amortization period is the term of the contract or, if no term is specified in the contract, management s best estimate of the useful life based on past experience. Technology includes internally developed software, which is amortized on a straight-line basis over three to once the software testing is complete. Events and changes in circumstance may either result in a revision in the estimated useful life or impairment of an intangible. Amortization expense associated with finite-lived intangible assets is recorded in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 to years, excluding renewal options. Leases for equipment generally have initial terms ranging from to years excluding renewal options. Most leases have fixed rentals, with many of the real estate leases requiring additional payments for real estate taxes. These lease terms may include optional renewals, terminations or purchases, which are considered in the Company s assessments when such options are reasonably certain to be exercised. 
 
 The Company measures right-of-use assets and related lease liabilities based on the present value of remaining lease payments, including in-substance fixed payments, the current payment amount when payments depend on an index or rate (e.g., inflation adjustments, market renewals), and the amount the Company believes is probable to be paid to the lessor under residual value guarantees, when applicable. Lease contracts may include fixed payments for non-lease components, such as maintenance, which are included in the measurement of lease liabilities for certain asset classes based on the Company s election to combine lease and non-lease components. The Company does not recognize short-term leases, those lease contracts with durations of twelve months or less, in the consolidated balance sheets. 

. Machinery and equipment are depreciated over a range of two to . Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. The cost of major improvements are capitalized. Upon sale or disposition of an asset, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the balance sheet accounts and the resulting gain or loss is included in o ther expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Long-lived assets are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows at which the asset could be bought or sold in a current transaction between willing parties and may be estimated using a number of techniques, including 
 43 

44 

45 

2. 

3. 

Processing and other revenues Total sales and other operating revenues All Other: Total sales and other operating revenues Total sales and other operating revenues 
 
 46 

Additions Payments ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 Contract Balances) ) Additions ) ) Write-offs Balance, end of period ) ) Trade receivables Trade receivables, net 
 
 Taxes Collected from Customers 
 Value-added taxes were and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

4. ) Foreign currency gains (losses) ) Note receivable write-off ) Gain on sale of fixed assets Miscellaneous (expense) income, net ) Total ) ) (1) See " Note 17. Securitized Receivables " for additional information. 

5. 

Asset impairment and other noncash charges Total restructuring and asset impairment charges 
 
 47 

6. 
 
 Increase (decrease) for prior year tax positions ) Increase for current year tax positions Reduction for settlements ) Impact of changes in exchange rates ) Balance at March 31 (1) 
 Accrued interest Accrued penalties Balance at March 31 (1) 
 (1) As of March 31, 2023, would impact the Company's effective tax rate, if recognized. 

The Company recognized ) and of interest (benefit) expense, net as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company recognized and of penalties expense as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Due to the Company s global operations, numerous tax audits may be ongoing throughout the world at any point in time. The Company's income tax liabilities are based on estimates of potential income taxes due upon the conclusion of such audits and are updated to reflect changes in facts and circumstances, as they become known. Due to the uncertain and complex application of tax regulations, it is possible that the resolution of audits may result in liabilities which could be materially different from these estimates. In such an event, the Company will record additional income tax expense or benefit in the period in which such resolution occurs or if estimates or judgments change. The Company does not expect to settle material uncertain tax positions in the next twelve months. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file a U.S. federal consolidated income tax return as well as returns in several U.S. states and a number of foreign jurisdictions. As of March 31, 2023, the Company s earliest open tax year for U.S. federal income tax purposes was its year ended March 31, 2020. Open tax years in state and foreign jurisdictions generally range from three to six years. In applicable jurisdictions, the Company s tax attributes from prior periods remain subject to adjustment. 
 
 Income Tax Provision) ) Non-U.S. ) Total ) ) 
 
 48 

State Non-U.S. Total Current Deferred: Federal ) ) State Non-U.S. ) Total Deferred ) ) Income tax expense (1) Primarily due to the Debt Exchange Transactions (as defined below). Refer to " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " for further details regarding the Debt Exchange Transactions. 
 ) Effect of non-U.S. income taxes ) ) U.S. taxes on non-U.S. earnings Increase (decrease) in reserves for uncertain tax positions ) Withholding tax expense Tax credits ) ) Tax incentives ) Nondeductible interest Waived intercompany interest expense Exchange effects and currency translation Goodwill impairment Change in valuation allowance (1) 
 Other, net Income tax expense (1) The change in valuation allowance, which is presented without exchange effects and currency translation, for the year ended March 31, 2023 was primarily driven by of deferred tax assets generated by the Debt Exchange Transactions for which the Company is not likely to realize a future benefit. Refer to " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " for further details regarding the Debt Exchange Transactions. 

49 

Original issue discount (1) 
 Reserves and accruals Tax loss carryforwards Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance (1) 
 ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries ) ) Derivative transactions ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) (1) The increase in valuation allowance as of March 31, 2023 was primarily driven by of deferred tax assets generated by the Debt Exchange Transactions for which the Company is not likely to realize a future benefit. Refer to " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " for further details regarding the Debt Exchange Transactions. 

Noncurrent liability ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 
 Changes to expenses Changes to other comprehensive income ) Balance at March 31, 2022 Changes to expenses (1) 
 Changes to other comprehensive income ) Balance at March 31, 2023 (1) The increase in valuation allowance as of March 31, 2023 was primarily driven by of deferred tax assets generated by the Debt Exchange Transactions for which the Company is not likely to realize a future benefit. Refer to " Note 16. Debt Arrangements " for further details regarding the Debt Exchange Transactions. 

Non-U.S. net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards Thereafter Non-U.S. net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards Indefinite Total 
 
 50 

7. ) Shares: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding Basic and diluted loss per share 

8. 
 
 Unprocessed tobacco Other tobacco related All Other Total 

9. 
 
 Advances to non-tobacco suppliers Total in current assets Long-term advances to tobacco suppliers, net (1) 
 Total current and long-term (1) Classified as other noncurrent assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 

and for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Unrecoverable advances and other costs capitalized, or to be capitalized into the current crop, were and as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

10. 
 
 51 

during the year ended March 31, 2022. 

11. 
 
 ) Alliance One Industries India Private Ltd. India purchase and process tobacco ) China Brasil Tobacos Exportadora SA Brazil purchase and process tobacco Oryantal Tutun Paketleme Turkey process tobacco ) Purilum, LLC U.S. produce flavor formulations and consumable e-liquids Siam Tobacco Export Company Thailand purchase and process tobacco ) (1) Basis differences for the Company's equity method investments were primarily due to fair value adjustments recorded during the year ended March 31, 2021. 

The following summarizes aggregate financial information for these equity method investments: 
 
 Operations statement: Year Ended March 31, 2023 Year Ended March 31, 2022 Sales Gross profit Net income Company's dividends received 
 
 Balance sheet: March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 Current assets Property, plant, and equipment and other assets Current liabilities Long-term obligations and other liabilities 

12. 

Receivables with variable interest entities Guaranteed amounts to variable interest entities (not to exceed) 
 
 52 

13. 
 
 years ) Technology years ) Trade names years ) Total ) 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 2022 Weighted Average Remaining Useful Life Beginning Carrying Amount, Net Additions Amortization Expense Disposition of Humble Juice (1) 
 Impairment (2) 
 Ending Intangible Assets, Net Intangibles subject to amortization: Customer relationships years ) ) Technology years ) Trade names years ) Intangibles not subject to amortization: Goodwill ) ) Total ) ) ) (1) See " Note 10. Acquisitions and Dispositions " for additional information. 
 (2) of the impairment occurred during the three-month period ended December 31, 2021. The remaining of impairment occurred during the three-month period ended March 31, 2022. 

Goodwill 
 During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company performed its annual assessment of goodwill for its reporting units. The assessment of qualitative factors indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit was less than its carrying value primarily due to a sustained decline in the implied value of the Company's long-term debt and equity based on public trading as well as uncertainty in the Company's estimate of timing for future operating results due to the recent economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including related variants. As a result, the Company performed a quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The fair value for each reporting unit was determined using the DCF method of the income approach. The quantitative impairment test conducted for each reporting unit concluded that the fair value of each reporting unit was less than its carrying value. 
 Leaf - Asia Leaf - Europe Leaf - North America Leaf - South America E-liquids Total 
 
 53 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 (1) Estimated amortization expense for technology is based on costs accumulated as of March 31, 2023. These estimates will change as new costs are incurred and until the software is placed into service. 

14. 
 Variable and short-term lease costs Total lease costs 
 
 years years Weighted average discount rate 
 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating leases - noncash 
 
 54 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: amounts related to imputed interest Present value of future minimum lease payments Less: operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

15. 
 
 Buildings Machinery and equipment Total Less: accumulated depreciation (1) 
 ) ) Total property, plant, and equipment, net (1) This balance was partially reduced by the disposition of certain fully depreciated assets during the year ended March 31, 2023. 

Depreciation expense recorded in selling, general, and administrative expenses Total depreciation 
 
 55 

16. 
 
 (1) 
 DDTL Term Loans (2) 
 (1) 
 Senior secured notes: 10.0 Notes due 2024 (3) 
 (1) 
 8.5 Notes due 2027 (4) 
 (1) 
 Senior secured term loans: Intabex Term Loans (5) 
 (1) 
 Pyxus Term Loans (6) 
 (1) 
 Exit Facility Loans (7) 
 (1) 
 Other debt: Other long-term debt (1) 
 Notes payable to banks (8) 
 (1) 
 Total debt Short-term (8) 
 Long-term: Current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt Letters of credit (1) Weighted average rate for the twelve months ended March 31, 2023. As the Notes due 2027, Intabex Term Loans, and the Pyxus Term Loans have not been outstanding for a trailing twelve-month period, the interest rate is the weighted average from inception through March 31, 2023. 
 (2) The DDTL Term Loans were issued in the refinancing of the prior DDTL facility on July 28, 2022, which included a partial principal payment of and an exit fee payment of . Subsequent to this refinancing, on February 6, 2023, the DDTL Term Loans were exchanged for (inclusive of a exit fee) of Intabex Term Loans. 
 (3) On February 6, 2023, of the Notes due 2024 were exchanged for Notes due 2027. The remaining Notes due 2024 outstanding of is net of a debt discount of . Total repayment at maturity is . 
 (4) Balance of is net of a debt discount of . Total repayment at maturity is . 
 (5) Balance of is net of a debt discount of . Total repayment at maturity is , which includes a exit fee payable upon repayment 
 (6) Balance of is net of a debt premium of . Total repayment at maturity is . 
 (7) On February 6, 2023, , representing , of the Exit Facility Loans were exchanged for Intabex Term Loans, and , representing the remaining , of the Exit Facility Loans were exchanged for Pyxus Term Loans. 
 (8) Primarily foreign seasonal lines of credit. 

56 

, subject to the limitations described below in this paragraph. The ABL Credit Facility includes a uncommitted accordion feature that permits Pyxus Holdings, under certain conditions, to solicit the lenders under the ABL Credit Facility to provide additional revolving loan commitments to increase the aggregate amount of the revolving loan commitments under the ABL Credit Facility not to exceed a maximum principal amount of . The amount available under the ABL Credit Facility is limited by a borrowing base consisting of certain eligible accounts receivable and inventory, reduced by specified reserves, as follows: 
 
 of eligible accounts receivable, plus 
 the lesser of (i) of the book value of Eligible Extended Terms Receivables (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) and (ii) , plus 
 of eligible credit insured accounts receivable, plus 
 the lesser of (i) of eligible inventory valued at the lower of cost (based on a first-in first-out basis) and market value thereof (net of intercompany profits) or (ii) of the net-orderly-liquidation value percentage of eligible inventory, minus 
 applicable reserves. 
 
 At March 31, 2023, was available for borrowing under the ABL Credit Facility, after reducing availability by the aggregate borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility of outstanding on that date and the of Domestic Availability (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) required to be maintained. Weighted average borrowings outstanding under the ABL Credit Facility during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 were . 
 
 The ABL Credit Facility permits both base rate borrowings and borrowings based upon the Bloomberg-Short-Term Bank Yield Index rate ("BSBY"). Borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility bear interest at an annual rate equal to one, three, or six-month reserve-adjusted BSBY Rate plus basis points or basis points above base rate, as applicable, with a fee on unutilized commitments at an annual rate of basis points. 
 
 The ABL Credit Agreement was amended on May 23, 2023, which extended the maturity of the ABL Credit Facility to February 8, 2027. The outstanding amount under the ABL Credit Facility is recorded as noncurrent as of March 31, 2023, and the long-term debt repayment schedule in the table above reflects the ABL Credit Facility's extended maturity. Refer to " Note 27. Subsequent Events " for additional information. 
 
 The ABL Credit Facility may be prepaid from time to time, in whole or in part, without prepayment or premium, subject to a termination fee upon the permanent reduction of commitments under the ABL Credit Facility of basis points for terminations in the first year after entry into the ABL Credit Agreement, basis points for terminations in the second year and basis points for termination in the third year. In addition, customary mandatory prepayments of the loans under the ABL Credit Facility are required upon the occurrence of certain events including, without limitation, outstanding borrowing exposures exceeding the borrowing base, certain dispositions of assets outside of the ordinary course of business in respect of certain collateral securing the ABL Credit Facility and certain casualty and condemnation events. With respect to base rate loans, accrued interest is payable monthly in arrears and, with respect to BSBY loans, accrued interest is payable monthly and on the last day of any applicable interest period. 
 
 The Borrowers obligations under the ABL Credit Facility (and certain related obligations) are (a) guaranteed by Pyxus Parent, and the Company and all of Pyxus Holdings wholly owned domestic subsidiaries, and each of Pyxus Holdings future wholly owned domestic subsidiaries is required to guarantee the ABL Credit Facility on a senior secured basis (collectively, the "ABL Loan Parties") and (b) secured by the collateral, as described below, which is owned by the ABL Loan Parties. 
 
 Cash Dominion. Under the terms of the ABL Credit Facility, if (i) an event of default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) excess borrowing availability under the ABL Credit Facility (based on the lesser of the commitments thereunder and the borrowing base) (the "Excess Availability") falls below of the total commitments under the ABL Credit Facility at such time, or (iii) Domestic Availability (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) being less than , the ABL Loan Parties will become subject to cash dominion, which will require daily prepayment of loans under the ABL Credit Facility with the cash deposited 
 57 

of the total commitments under the ABL Credit Facility for a period of consecutive days and no event of default is continuing, or (iii) if arising as a result of Domestic Availability being less than , Domestic Availability is greater than for a period of consecutive days and no event of default is continuing. 
 
 Covenants. The ABL Credit Agreement governing the ABL Credit Facility contains (i) a springing covenant requiring that the Company s fixed charge coverage ratio be no less than to 1.00 during any Dominion Period and (ii) a covenant requiring Domestic Availability greater than at all times until audited financial statements for fiscal year ending March 31, 2023 are delivered under the ABL Credit Agreement. 
 
 The ABL Credit Agreement governing the ABL Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants (subject, in each case, to exceptions and qualifications) and events of defaults, including covenants that limit the Company s ability to, among other things: 
 
 incur additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; 
 make investments; 
 pay dividends and make other restricted payments; 
 sell certain assets; 
 create liens; 
 enter into sale and leaseback transactions; 
 consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
 designate subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement). 
 
 On March 31, 2023, the Borrowers were in compliance with all covenants under the ABL Credit Agreement. 
 
 Intabex Term Loans 
 Pursuant to (i) an exchange offer (the "DDTL Facility Exchange") made to, and accepted by, holders of of the outstanding term loans (the "DDTL Term Loans") under the Amended and Restated Term Loan Credit Agreement, effectuated pursuant to that certain Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2022 (the "DDTL Credit Agreement"), by and among Intabex Netherlands B.V., as borrower ("Intabex"), the guarantors party thereto, the administrative agent and collateral agent thereunder, and the several lenders from time to time party thereto and (ii) an exchange offer (the "Exit Facility Exchange") made to, and accepted by, holders of of the outstanding term loans (the "Exit Term Loans") under the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2020 (the "Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement"), by and among Pyxus Holdings, as borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the administrative agent and collateral agent thereunder, and the several lenders from time to time party thereto, on February 6, 2023, Pyxus Holdings entered into the Intabex Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2023 (the "Intabex Term Loan Credit Agreement"), by and among, Pyxus Holdings, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Alter Domus (US) LLC ("Alter Domus"), as administrative agent and senior collateral agent. The Intabex Term Loan Credit Agreement established a term loan credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of approximately (the "Intabex Credit Facility"), under which term loans in the full aggregate principal amount of the Intabex Credit Facility (the "Intabex Term Loans") were deemed made in exchange for (i) principal amount of the DDTL Term Loans, plus an additional on account of the exit fee payable under the DDTL Credit Agreement and (ii) approximately principal amount of Exit Term Loans, representing of the outstanding principal amount thereof (including the applicable accrued and unpaid PIK interest thereon). 
 
 The Intabex Term Loans bear interest, at Pyxus Holdings option, at either (i) a term SOFR rate (subject to a floor of 1.5 plus 8.0 per annum or (ii) an alternate base rate plus 7.0 per annum. The Intabex Term Loans are stated to mature on December 31, 2027. 
 
 The Intabex Term Loans may be prepaid from time to time, in whole or in part, without prepayment or penalty. With respect to alternate base rate loans, accrued interest is payable quarterly in arrears on the last business day of each calendar quarter and, with respect to SOFR loans, accrued interest is payable on the last day of each applicable interest period but no less frequently than every three months. 
 
 The Intabex Term Loan Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants (subject, in each case, to exceptions and qualifications) and events of defaults, including covenants that limit the Company s and its restricted subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; make investments; pay dividends and make other restricted payments; sell certain assets; incur liens; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all their assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 58 

(the "Pyxus Credit Facility"), under which term loans in the full aggregate principal amount of the Pyxus Credit Facility (the "Pyxus Term Loans" and, together with the Intabex Term Loans, the "New Term Loans") were deemed made in exchange for of the outstanding principal amount of Exit Term Loans (including the applicable accrued and unpaid PIK interest thereon). 
 
 The Pyxus Term Loans bear interest, at Pyxus Holdings option, at either (i) a term SOFR rate (subject to a floor of plus per annum or (ii) an alternate base rate plus per annum. The Pyxus Term Loans are stated to mature on December 31, 2027. 
 
 The Pyxus Term Loans may be prepaid from time to time, in whole or in part, without prepayment or penalty. With respect to alternate base rate loans, accrued interest is payable quarterly in arrears on the last business day of each calendar quarter and, with respect to SOFR loans, accrued interest is payable on the last day of each applicable interest period but no less frequently than every three months. 
 
 The Pyxus Term Loan Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants (subject, in each case, to exceptions and qualifications) and events of defaults, including covenants that limit the Company s and its restricted subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; make investments; pay dividends and make other restricted payments; sell certain assets; incur liens; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all their assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; and designate subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. 
 
 On March 31, 2023, Pyxus Holdings and the guarantors under the Pyxus Term Loan Credit Agreement were in compliance with all covenants under the Pyxus Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 
 8.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 
 Pursuant to an exchange offer (the "Notes Exchange" and, together with the DDTL Facility Exchange and the Exit Facility Exchange, the "Debt Exchange Transactions") made by Pyxus Holdings and accepted by holders of approximately of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Secured First Lien Notes due 2024 issued by Pyxus Holdings (the "2024 Notes") pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of August 24, 2020 (the "2024 Notes Indenture"), by and among Pyxus Holdings, the guarantors party thereto and the trustee, collateral agent, registrar and paying agent thereunder, on February 6, 2023, Pyxus Holdings issued approximately in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due December 31, 2027 (the "2027 Notes" and, together with the New Term Loans, the "New Secured Debt") to the exchanging holders of the 2024 Notes for an equal principal amount of 2024 Notes. The 2027 Notes were issued pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of February 6, 2023 (the "2027 Notes Indenture"), among Pyxus Holdings, the guarantors party thereto, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and Alter Domus, as collateral agent. 
 
 The 2027 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, which interest is computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. Interest accrues on the 2027 Notes from the date of issuance and is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing on June 15, 2023. The 2027 Notes are stated to mature on December 31, 2027. 
 
 At any time from time to time, Pyxus Holdings may redeem the 2027 Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100.0 of the principal amount of 2027 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 
 The 2027 Notes Indenture contains customary affirmative and negative covenants (subject, in each case, to exceptions and qualifications) and events of defaults, including covenants that limit the Company s and its restricted subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; make investments; pay dividends and make other restricted payments; sell certain assets; incur liens; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all their assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; and designate subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. 
 
 59 

60 

of the New Term Loans as of February 6, 2023, provided such holder holds at least of the New Term Loans as of the date of determination), second, after repayment in full of the New Term Loans, by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2027 Notes and last, after repayment in full of the New Term Loans and the 2027 Notes, by holders of a majority in principal amount of any future junior debt secured by the Collateral. Any such future junior debt will be subject to certain customary waivers of rights in a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding in favor of the Senior Collateral Agent, including, but not limited to, with respect to debtor-in-possession financing, adequate protection and credit bidding. 
 
 Refinanced Senior Secured Debt 
 
 Exit ABL Credit Facility 
 On August 24, 2020, Pyxus Holdings entered into the Exit ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2020 by and among, amongst others, Pyxus Holdings, certain lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent to establish an asset-based revolving credit facility ("the Exit ABL Credit Facility"), which permitted borrowings in an initial maximum principal amount of , subject to certain limitations. The Exit ABL Credit Facility could be used for revolving credit loans and letters of credit from time to time up to an initial maximum principal amount of , subject to certain limitations. Under certain conditions, Pyxus Holdings was permitted to solicit the ABL Lenders to provide additional revolving loan commitments under the Exit ABL Credit Facility in an aggregate amount not to exceed . The Exit ABL Credit Facility was required to be drawn at all times in an amount greater than or equal to the lesser of (i) of total commitments under the Exit ABL Credit Facility and (ii) . The amount available under the Exit ABL Credit Facility is limited by a borrowing base consisting of eligible accounts receivable and inventory as follows: 
 
 of eligible accounts receivable, plus 
 the lesser of (i) of eligible inventory valued at the lower of cost (based on a first-in first-out basis) and market value thereof (net of intercompany profits) or (ii) of the appraised net-orderly-liquidation value of eligible inventory. 
 
 On February 8, 2022, Pyxus Holdings terminated the Exit ABL Credit Agreement and repaid outstanding thereunder with proceeds from the initial borrowing under the ABL Credit Facility. 
 
 DDTL Facility 
 On April 23, 2021 (the DDTL Closing Date ), Intabex entered into a Term Loan Credit Agreement (as amended on May 21, 2021, the "Initial DDTL Facility Credit Agreement"), dated as of April 23, 2021, by and among (i) Intabex, as borrower, (ii) the Company, Pyxus Parent, Pyxus Holdings, Alliance One International, LLC, Alliance One International Holdings, Ltd, as guarantors (collectively, the "Parent Guarantors"), (iii) the lenders thereto, which included certain funds managed by Glendon Capital Management, L.P., Monarch Alternative Capital LP, and Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. (collectively and, together other lenders that became parties thereto as lenders, the "DDTL Facility Lenders"), and (iv) Alter Domus, as administrative agent and collateral agent. The Initial DDTL Facility Credit Agreement established a delayed-draw term loan credit facility (the "Initial DDTL Facility") under which the full amount has been drawn (the "Initial DDTL Loans") by March 31, 2022. The proceeds of the Initial DDTL Loans were used to provide working capital and for other general corporate purposes of Intabex, the guarantors of the Initial DDTL Loans and their subsidiaries. Amounts prepaid or repaid in respect of Initial DDTL Loans were not permitted to be reborrowed under the Initial DDTL Facility. 
 
 Interest on the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Initial DDTL Loans accrued at an annual rate of LIBOR plus , subject to a LIBOR floor of , for LIBOR loans or, for loans that are not LIBOR loans, at an annual rate of an alternative base rate (as specified in the Initial DDTL Facility Credit Agreement) plus . Pursuant to the Initial DDTL Facility Credit Agreement, the DDTL Facility Lenders received a non-refundable commitment fee equal to of the aggregate commitments under the Initial DDTL Facility, paid in cash in full on the DDTL Closing Date and netted from the proceeds of the Initial DDTL Loans borrowed on the DDTL Closing Date. The Initial DDTL Facility Credit Agreement provided for the payment by Intabex to the DDTL Facility Lenders of a non-refundable exit fee (the "Exit Fee") in the amounts set forth in the table below in respect of any Initial DDTL Loans repaid (whether prepaid voluntarily or paid following acceleration or at maturity). The Exit Fee was deemed to have been earned on the DDTL Closing Date, and was due and payable in cash on each date of repayment or termination, as applicable, in respect of the Initial DDTL Loans or commitments repaid or terminated on such date, as applicable. 
 
 61 

After September 30, 2021 and on or before December 31, 2021 After December 31, 2021 and on or before March 31, 2022 After March 31, 2022 
 The obligations of Intabex under the Initial DDTL Facility Credit Agreement (and certain related obligations) were (a) guaranteed by the Parent Guarantors and Alliance One International Tabak B.V., an indirect subsidiary of the Company, and each of the Company s domestic and foreign subsidiaries that was or became a guarantor of borrowings under the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement and (b) was secured by the pledge of all of the outstanding equity interests of (i) Alliance One Brasil Exportadora de Tabacos Ltda. ("AO Brazil"), which principally operates the Company s leaf tobacco operations in Brazil, and (ii) Alliance One International Tabak B.V., which owns a interest of AO Brazil. 
 The Initial DDTL Credit Facility Agreement was amended and restated by the DDTL Credit Agreement, which established a term loan credit facility (the "DDTL Term Loan Facility") and required that Intabex use the net proceeds of the DDTL Term Loans made thereunder and other funds to repay in full its obligations under the Initial DDTL Facility Credit Agreement, including the outstanding principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, borrowings under the Initial DDTL Facility and the payment of fees and expenses incurred in connection with repaying such borrowings and incurring the DDTL Term Loans under the DDTL Credit Agreement. The DDTL Credit Agreement provided for a fee due with respect to any principal payment made after the one-year anniversary of the incurrence of the DDTL Term Loans, including a payment made at maturity. The DDTL Credit Agreement further provided that amounts of principal that were prepaid may not be reborrowed under the DDTL Term Loan Facility. Interest on the outstanding principal amount of the DDTL Term Loans accrued at an annual rate of SOFR plus , subject to a SOFR floor of , for "SOFR loans" or, for loans that are not SOFR loans, at an annual rate of an alternate base rate (as specified in the DDTL Credit Agreement and subject to a specified floor) plus . Pursuant to the DDTL Credit Agreement, the DDTL Facility Lenders received a non-refundable commitment fee equal to of the aggregate commitments under the DDTL Term Loan Facility and a closing fee equal to of the aggregate commitments under the DDTL Term Loan Facility, as original issue discount. Under the DDTL Credit Agreement, the obligations of Intabex under the Amended Credit Agreement (and certain related obligations) continued to be guaranteed and secured by the same guarantors of, and the same collateral securing, Intabex s obligations under the Initial DDTL Facility Credit Agreement. The DDTL Term Loans were stated to mature on December 2, 2023. 
 
 The DDTL Term Loans were exchanged upon consummation of the DDTL Facility Exchange on February 6, 2023. 
 
 Exit Term Loan Credit Facility 
 On August 24, 2020, pursuant to the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement, Pyxus Holdings became obligated with respect to the Exit Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount of approximately . The Exit Term Loans accrued interest at an annual rate equal to LIBOR plus basis points or basis points above base rate, as applicable. In addition to the cash interest payments, from and after August 24, 2021, the Exit Term Loans accrued "payment in kind" (PIK) interest in an annual rate equal to basis points, which rate increased by an additional basis points on August 24, 2022 and was further scheduled to increase by an additional basis points each of the third and fourth anniversaries of the date of the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement. The Exit Term Loans were stated to mature on February 24, 2025. 
 
 Pyxus Holdings obligations under the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement (and certain related obligations) were (a) guaranteed by Pyxus Parent, Inc. and the Company, all of Pyxus Holdings material domestic subsidiaries and certain of Pyxus Holdings foreign subsidiaries, and each of Pyxus Holdings material domestic subsidiaries was required to guarantee the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement on a senior secured basis and (b) secured by specified collateral owned by Pyxus Holdings and such guarantors. 
 
 The Exit Term Loans were exchanged upon consummation of the DDTL Facility Exchange and the Exit Facility Exchange on February 6, 2023. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 The Company, Pyxus Parent and Pyxus Holdings (collectively, the "Holding Companies") entered into a Support and Exchange Agreement, effective as of December 27, 2022 (as amended, including by joinders thereto, the "Support Agreement"), with a group of creditors, including Glendon Capital Management LP, Monarch Alternative Capital LP, Nut Tree Capital Management, L.P., Intermarket Corporation and Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. on behalf of certain funds managed by them and/or certain of their advisory clients, as applicable (collectively, the "Supporting Holders"), holding in aggregate: 
 
 approximately of the DDTL Term Loans outstanding under the DDTL Credit Agreement; 
 62 

of the Exit Term Loans outstanding under the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement; and 
 approximately of the 2024 Notes outstanding under the 2024 Notes Indenture. 
 
 Pursuant to the Support Agreement, the Supporting Holders agreed to participate in the DDTL Facility Exchange, the Exit Facility Exchange and the Notes Exchange. Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023 by Glendon Capital Management, L.P. (the "Glendon Investor"), Glendon Opportunities Fund, L.P. and Glendon Opportunities Fund II, L.P., Glendon Capital Management, L.P. reported beneficial ownership of shares of the Company s common stock, representing approximately of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on January 23, 2023, by Monarch Alternative Capital LP (the "Monarch Investor"), MDRA GP LP and Monarch GP LLC, Monarch Alternative Capital LP reported beneficial ownership of shares of the Company s common stock, representing approximately of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022 by Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. and Jeffrey A. Altman, Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. is the investment manager of certain funds and reported beneficial ownership of shares of the Company s common stock on December 31, 2021, representing approximately of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. A representative of the Glendon Investor and a representative of the Monarch Investor served as directors of Pyxus at the time the Company and its applicable subsidiaries entered into the Initial DDTL Credit Facility Agreement, the amendments thereto (including the DDTL Credit Agreement) and the Support Agreement, effected borrowings under the Initial DDTL Credit Facility Agreement and the DDTL Credit Agreement and commenced the DDTL Facility Exchange, the Exit Facility Exchange and the Notes Exchange. The Initial DDTL Credit Facility Agreement and the amendments thereto (including the DDTL Credit Agreement), any and all borrowings thereunder, the related guaranty transactions, the Support Agreement, the DDTL Facility Exchange, the Exit Facility Exchange and the Notes Exchange, including the Intabex Term Loan Credit Agreement, the Intabex Term Loans, the Pyxus Term Loan Credit Agreement, the Pyxus Term Loans, the 2027 Notes and the 2027 Notes Indenture were approved, and determined to be on terms and conditions at least as favorable to the Company and its subsidiaries as could reasonably have been obtained in a comparable arm s-length transaction with an unaffiliated party, by a majority of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of Pyxus. 
 
 Other Outstanding Debt 
 
 2024 Notes 
 In conjunction with the Notes Exchange, Pyxus Holdings received consents from requisite holders of 2024 Notes to amend the 2024 Notes Indenture, the 2024 Notes and the related intercreditor and security documents to, among other things, (i) eliminate most of the restrictive covenants and certain of the affirmative covenants in the 2024 Notes Indenture, (ii) eliminate the change of control repurchase obligation in the 2024 Notes Indenture, (iii) subordinate the 2024 Notes in right of payment to existing and future senior indebtedness (including the New Secured Debt), (iv) eliminate certain events of default and (v) release all of the collateral securing the 2024 Notes. On February 6, 2023, the relevant parties to the 2024 Notes Indenture entered into the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 6, 2023 (the "2024 Notes Supplemental Indenture"), to the 2024 Notes Indenture, pursuant to which the 2024 Notes Indenture, the 2024 Notes and the related intercreditor and security documents were amended to effect these changes. 
 
 The 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears in cash on February 15 and August 15 of each year. The 2024 Notes are stated to mature on August 24, 2024. At March 31, 2023, the remaining 2024 Notes outstanding is , net of a debt discount of . The total repayment amount due at maturity is . 
 
 On March 31, 2023, Pyxus Holdings and the guarantors of the 2024 Notes were in compliance with all covenants under the 2024 Notes Indenture, as amended by the 2024 Notes Supplemental Indenture. 
 
 Foreign Seasonal Lines of Credit 
 Excluding its long-term credit agreements, the Company has typically financed its non-U.S. operations with uncommitted short-term seasonal lines of credit arrangements with a number of banks. These operating lines are generally seasonal in nature, typically extending for a term of to days corresponding to the tobacco crop cycle in that location. These facilities are typically uncommitted in that the lenders have the right to cease making loans and demand repayment of loans at any time or at specified dates. These loans are generally renewed at the outset of each tobacco season. Certain of the foreign seasonal lines of credit are guaranteed by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. At March 31, 2023, the total borrowing capacity under individual foreign seasonal lines of credit range up to . At March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company was permitted to borrow under foreign seasonal lines of credit up to a total and , respectively, subject to limitations under the ABL Credit Agreement and the agreements governing the New Secured Debt. The weighted average variable interest rate for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. Certain of the foreign seasonal lines of credit with aggregate outstanding borrowings at March 31, 2023 and 2022 of and , respectively, are secured by trade receivables and inventories as collateral. At March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and of cash was held on 
 63 

17. 
 
 accounts receivable securitization facilities, two of which are subject to annual renewal. 
 
 Under the first facility, the Company continuously sells a designated pool of trade receivables to a special purpose entity, which sells of the receivables to an unaffiliated financial institution. Following the sale and transfer of the receivables to the special purpose entity, the receivables are isolated from the Company and its affiliates, and effective control of the receivables is passed to the unaffiliated financial institution, which has all rights, including the right to pledge or sell the receivables. The first facility requires a minimum level of deferred purchase price be retained by the Company in connection with the sales of the receivables to the unaffiliated financial institution. The Company continues to service, administer, and collect the receivables on behalf of the special purpose entity and receives a servicing fee of of serviced receivables per annum. As the Company estimates the expected fee it receives in return for its obligation to service these receivables is at fair value, no servicing assets or liabilities are recognized. Servicing fees are recorded as a reduction of selling, general, and administrative expenses within the statements of consolidated operations. As of March 31, 2023, the investment limit of this facility was of trade receivables. 
 
 Under the second facility, the Company offers trade receivables for sale to an unaffiliated financial institution, which are then subject to acceptance by the unaffiliated financial institution. Following the sale and transfer of the receivables to the unaffiliated financial institution, the receivables are isolated from the Company and its affiliates, and effective control of the receivables is passed to the unaffiliated financial institution, which has all rights, including the right to pledge or sell the receivables. Although the Company continues to service, administer, and collect the receivables on behalf of the unaffiliated financial institution, the Company does not receive a servicing fee, and as a result, has established a servicing liability based upon unobservable inputs, primarily discounted cash flow. As of March 31, 2023, the investment limit under the second facility was of trade receivables. 
 
 As servicer for the first and second facilities, the Company may receive funds that are due to the unaffiliated financial institutions which are net settled on the next settlement date. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, trade receivables, net in the consolidated balance sheets has been reduced by and as a result of the net settlement, respectively. Refer to " Note 20. Fair Value Measurements " for additional information. 
 
 Under the third and fourth facilities, the Company offers trade receivables for sale to unaffiliated financial institutions, which are then subject to acceptance by the unaffiliated financial institutions. Following the sale and transfer of the receivables to the unaffiliated financial institution, the receivables are isolated from the Company and its affiliates, and effective control of the receivables is passed to the unaffiliated financial institution, which has all rights, including the right to pledge or sell the receivables. As of March 31, 2023, the investment limits under the third and fourth facilities were variable based on qualifying sales. 
 
 Beneficial interest 
 
 Cash proceeds from the sale of trade receivables is comprised of a combination of cash and a deferred purchase price receivable. Deferred purchase price receivable is realized after the collection of the underlying trade receivables sold by the purchasers. The following summarizes the Company's cash purchase price and deferred purchase price: 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 Year Ended March 31, 2022 Cash proceeds for the period ended: Cash purchase price Deferred purchase price 
 
 64 

18. 

Amounts outstanding under guarantee (1) 
 Fair value of guarantees Amounts due to local banks on behalf of suppliers for government subsidized rural credit financing (1) Most of the guarantees outstanding at March 31, 2023 expire within . 

19. 
 
 from its derivative financial instruments in cost of goods and services sold for the year ended March 31, 2023. The Company recorded a net gain of from its derivative financial instruments in cost of goods and services sold for the year ended March 31, 2022. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, accumulated other comprehensive income includes ) and , respectively, net of and ) of tax, respectively, for net unrealized (losses) and gains related to designated cash flow hedges. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded current derivative assets of and within other current assets, respectively. The U.S. Dollar notional amount of derivative contracts outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 w as and , respec tively. 

20. 
 
 Securitized beneficial interests Total assets Financial liabilities Long-term debt (1) 
 Guarantees Total liabilities (1) This fair value measurement disclosure does not affect the consolidated balance sheets. 

65 

Sales of receivables/issuance of guarantees Settlements ) ) ) Additions Losses recognized in earnings ) ) Ending balance at March 31, 2022 Sales of receivables/issuance of guarantees Settlements ) ) ) Additions Losses recognized in earnings ) ) Ending balance at March 31, 2023 
 
 The amount of total losses included in earnings for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 are attributable to the change in unrealized losses relating to assets still held at the respective dates was and on securitized beneficial interests. Gains and losses included in earnings are reported in other expense, net. 
 
 Information about Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate to 
 Payment Speed days to days 
 Guarantees Historical Loss Historical Loss to 
 
 Fair value at March 31, 2022 Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range (Weighted Average) Securitized Beneficial Interests Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate to 
 Payment Speed days to days 
 Guarantees Historical Loss Historical Loss to 

66 

21. 
 
 to fully fund the U.S. Pension Plan's liabilities in preparation to purchase a group annuity contract to administer future payments to the remaining U.S. Pension Plan participants. In addition, the Company recorded a pension settlement charge of during the nine months ended December 31, 2022, which included the recognition of unrecognized pension gains within accumulated other comprehensive loss within the Company's consolidated statements of operations. Termination of the U.S. Pension Plan occurred during the three-month period ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Service cost Interest cost Plan amendments Actuarial gains ) ) ) Plan settlements ) ) ) Effects of currency translation ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) Benefit obligation, ending Fair value of plan assets, beginning Actual return on plan assets ) ) ) Employer contributions Plan settlements ) ) ) Effects of currency translation ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets, ending Funded status of the plan ) ) 
 
 67 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gains ) ) ) Plan settlements ) ) ) Effects of currency translation ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) Benefit obligation, ending Fair value of plan assets, beginning Actual return on plan assets Employer contributions Plan settlements ) ) ) Effects of currency translation ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets, ending Funded status of the plan ) ) 
 
 Accrued current benefit liability recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) ) ) ) Accrued noncurrent benefit liability recorded in pension, postretirement, and other long-term liabilities ) ) ) ) Funded status of the plan ) ) 
 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 (1) Certain of the Company's non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans in Europe were over funded as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 68 

Net actuarial gains Deferred taxes ) Balance at March 31, 2022 Prior service cost ) ) Net actuarial gains Deferred taxes ) Total change for 2023 Prior service cost ) ) Net actuarial gains Deferred taxes ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 
 Rate of increase in future compensation Not applicable Not applicable Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets Not applicable Interest crediting rate Not applicable Not applicable 
 
 Rate of increase in future compensation Not applicable Not applicable Interest crediting rate Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable 
 
 Plan Assets 
 
 Equity securities Debt securities Insurance contracts Real estate and other investments Total 
 
 69 

U.S. equities / equity funds International equities / equity funds U.S. fixed income funds International fixed income funds Insurance contracts Real estate and other (1) 
 Total 
 
 Non-U.S. Pension Plans March 31, 2022 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Cash and cash equivalents U.S. equities / equity funds International equities / equity funds Global equity funds U.S. fixed income funds International fixed income funds Global fixed income funds Real estate and other (1) 
 Total (1) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. 

None Quarterly 60 Days None Quarterly 60 Days 
 
 Postretirement Health and Life Insurance Benefits 

70 

Service cost Interest cost Effect of currency translation ) ) Actuarial gains ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) Benefit obligation, ending Fair value of plan assets, beginning Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets, ending Funded status of the plan ) ) ) U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans Total March 31, 2023 Accrued current benefit liability recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) ) ) Accrued non-current benefit liability recorded in pension, postretirement, and other long-term liabilities ) ) ) Funded status of the plan ) ) ) 
 
 U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans Total March 31, 2022 Benefit obligation, beginning Service cost Interest cost Effect of currency translation Actuarial gains ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) Benefit obligation, ending Fair value of plan assets, beginning Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets, ending Funded status of the plan ) ) ) U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans Total March 31, 2022 Accrued current benefit liability recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) ) ) Accrued non-current benefit liability recorded in pension, postretirement, and other long-term liabilities ) ) ) Funded status of the plan ) ) ) 
 71 

Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 
 
 Cash Flows 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

22. 
 
 and the total assessment including penalties and interest is . On March 18, 2014, the government in Brazilian State of Santa Catarina also issued a tax assessment with respect to local intrastate trade tax credits that result primarily from tobacco transferred between states within Brazil. At March 31, 2023, the assessment for intrastate trade tax credits taken is and the total assessment including penalties and interest is . The Company believes it has properly complied with Brazilian law and will contest any assessment through the judicial process. Should the Company lose in the judicial process, the loss of the intrastate trade tax credits would have a material impact on the financial statements of the Company. 
 
 The Company also has local intrastate trade tax credits in the Brazil State of Rio Grande do Sul. This jurisdiction permits the sale or transfer of excess credits to third parties, however approval must be obtained from the tax authorities. The Company has an agreement with the state government regarding the amounts and timing of credits that can be sold. The tax credits have a carrying value of . The intrastate trade tax credits are monitored for impairment in future periods based on market conditions and the Company s ability to use or sell the tax credits. 
 
 Other Matters 
 In addition to the above-mentioned matters, certain of the Company s subsidiaries are involved in other litigation or legal matters incidental to their business activities, including tax matters. While the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted 
 72 

23. ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified to net loss, net of tax ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Balances at March 31, 2022 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Amounts reclassified to net loss, net of tax ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balances at March 31, 2023 ) 
 
 The following summarizes derivative amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to net loss: 
 
 Affected Line Item in the Consolidated Year Ended March 31, 2023 Year Ended March 31, 2022 Statements of Operations Derivatives: Gain reclassified to cost of goods sold ) ) Amounts reclassified from equity to the income statement, gross ) ) Cost of goods and services sold Tax effects of amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to net loss Amounts reclassified from equity to the income statement, net ) ) 

24. 
 
 shares. The awards outstanding at March 31, 2023 under the Incentive Plan are restricted stock units for an aggregate of shares that become eligible for vesting, subject to continued employment in equal annual increments generally on March 31 of each year, performance-based restricted stock units for an aggregate of shares at the target performance level and stock units awarded to non-employee directors for an aggregate of shares. The performance-based restricted stock units provide for the issuance of shares based of satisfaction of performance criteria over a measurement period ending March 31, 2024, subject to continued employment, with payouts at of the target level upon satisfaction of threshold performance levels, of the target level upon satisfaction of target performance levels and of the target level upon performance equaling or exceeding the maximum performance levels, with payouts interpolated for performance between these levels. Each of such time-vesting and performance-based restricted stock units is subject to an additional condition to vesting that the Company s common stock be listed for trading on a national securities exchange or an approved foreign securities exchange by a specified date. As of March 31, 2023, the vesting requirements for these awards were not probable to occur. As a result, no stock-based compensation expense was recognized in the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 73 

25. 

Purchases 
 
 Other receivables Notes receivable, related parties Other receivables Accounts payable, related parties Accounts payable Advances from related parties Advances from customers 
 
 Transactions with Significant Shareholders 
 As described in " Note 16. Debt Arrangements ," funds managed by the Glendon Investor, funds managed by the Monarch Investor, and funds managed by Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P., (such funds are collectively referred to as the "Investor-Affiliated Funds") held 2024 Notes and/or Exit Term Loans, were parties to the Initial DDTL Facility Credit Agreement and amendments thereto (including the DDTL Credit Agreement) and the Support Agreement, and received the New Secured Debt pursuant to the Debt Exchange Transactions. The Company paid a total of in transaction costs incurred by the parties receiving the New Secured Debt in the Debt Exchange Transactions, of which an aggregate related to costs paid on behalf of the Investor-Affiliated Funds. 
 
 On December 30, 2021, the Investor-Affiliated Funds received of the repayment of principal amount of the Initial DDTL Loans. In connection with the effectiveness of the DDTL Credit Agreement on July 28, 2022, in addition to the deemed repayment of the Initial DDTL Loans, the Investor-Affiliated Funds received of the aggregate in exit fee payments from the repayment of the principal amount under the Initial DDTL Facility. In addition, the Investor-Affiliated Funds received in the aggregate of the total in commitment and closing fees with respect to the DDTL Credit Agreement, which were reflected as original issue discount, paid to all DDTL Facility Lenders in connection with the aggregate principal amount of the DDTL Term Loans made by them of the total aggregate principal amount of the DDTL Term Loans made by all DDTL Facility Lenders. 
 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities as presented in the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, includes and , respectively, of interest payable to Investor-Affiliated Funds and CI Investments, Inc. ("CI Investments"), which is also a beneficial owner of greater than five percent of the Company's common stock. Interest expense as presented in the consolidated statements of operations includes and for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 that relates to the Investor-Affiliated Funds and CI Investments. 
 74 

26. 
 
 All Other Consolidated sales and other operating revenues Segment operating income: Leaf All Other ) ) Segment operating income Restructuring and asset impairment charges Goodwill impairment Consolidated operating income 
 
 March 31, 2023 Leaf All Other Total Segment assets Trade and other receivables, net Equity in net assets of investee companies Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures 
 
 March 31, 2022 Leaf All Other Total Segment assets Trade and other receivables, net Equity in net assets of investee companies Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures 

75 

United States United Arab Emirates Indonesia Belgium (1) 
 Northern Africa Russia Other Total (1) The Belgium destination represents a customer-owned storage and distribution center from which the tobacco will be shipped on to manufacturing facilities. 

Brazil United States Zimbabwe Other Jordan Tanzania Total 

27. 

76 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Pyxus International, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Pyxus International, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Income Taxes Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes Refer to Note 1 and Note 6 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s annual tax rate is based on its pre-tax income by jurisdiction, statutory tax rates, and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. Tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. Significant judgment is required in determining tax expense and in evaluating tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties. The Company records unrecognized tax benefits in multiple jurisdictions and evaluates the future potential outcomes of tax positions, based upon interpretation of the country-specific tax law and the likelihood of future settlement. As of March 31, 2023, the Company s recorded unrecognized tax benefits totaled 19.3 million. Conclusions on recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions involved significant management estimates and judgment and included complex considerations of local tax laws and related regulations in the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates. 
 
 We identified uncertain tax positions as a critical accounting matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions involved in recording uncertain tax positions. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our tax specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates. 
 
 77 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to management s estimates and assumptions utilized in the Company s determination of uncertain tax positions included the following, among others: 
 
 With the assistance of our income tax specialists, we read and evaluated management s documentation, including relevant accounting policies, relevant authoritative tax literature, and information obtained by management from outside tax specialists and attorneys, that detailed the basis of the uncertain tax positions. 
 With the assistance of our income tax specialists, we evaluated management s judgement of the appropriate unit of account for the unrecognized tax benefits and audited the measurement calculations and the interest and penalties balances, as applicable. 
 We challenged the reasonableness of management s judgments regarding the future resolution of the uncertain tax positions, through evaluating the technical merits of the uncertain tax positions by considering how tax law, including statutes, regulations, and case law, impacted management s judgments and through consideration of the Company s history of settlements. 
 
 For those uncertain tax positions that had not been effectively settled, we evaluated whether management had appropriately considered new information that could significantly change the recognition, measurement, or disclosure of the uncertain tax positions through review of correspondence with taxing authorities and evaluation of changes to issued guidance. 
 
 /s/ 

June 6, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since its fiscal 2006. 
 78 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that this information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Due to inherent limitations, our disclosure controls and procedures, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance (not absolute) that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act), as of March 31, 2023. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) were effective to provide reasonable assurance as of March 31, 2023. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). The Company's internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 i. pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 ii. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 
 iii. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as of March 31, 2023. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 due to the Company's status as a smaller reporting company and a non-accelerated filer. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during the quarter ended March 31, 2023 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 In the course of our ongoing preparations for making management s report on internal control over financial reporting as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, from time to time we have identified areas in need of improvement and have taken remedial actions to strengthen the affected controls as appropriate. We make these and other changes to enhance the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, which do not have a material effect on our overall internal control. 
 We will continue to evaluate the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and will take action as appropriate. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 79 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information concerning directors and persons nominated to become directors of Pyxus International, Inc. included in the Proxy Statement under the headings "Board of Directors - Proposal One - Election of Directors" and "Board of Directors - Director Biographies" is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Executive Officers of Pyxus International, Inc. 
 The following information is furnished with respect to the Company's executive officers and the capacities in which they serve. 
 
 Name Age Title J. Pieter Sikkel 59 President and Chief Executive Officer Flavia B. Landsberg 55 Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer Tracy G. Purvis 61 Executive Vice President - Business Services Fernanda Goncalves 43 Senior Vice President - Chief Human Resources William L. O'Quinn, Jr. 54 Senior Vice President - Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 
 
 The business experience summaries provided below for the Company's executive officers describe positions held by the named individuals during the last five years. 
 
 J. Pieter Sikkel has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Pyxus International, Inc., since August 2020, having previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Old Pyxus (as defined below) since March 2013, as President of Old Pyxus from December 14, 2010 through February 2013, Executive Vice President - Business Strategy and Relationship Management of Old Pyxus from May 2007 through December 13, 2010, and Regional Director of Asia of Old Pyxus from May 2005 through April 2007. 
 
 Flavia B. Landsberg has served as Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer since November 2021, having previously served from July 2020 until June 2021 as Chief Financial Officer of High Ridge Brands, which offers branded hair and skin care products. Prior to that, from December 2018, Ms. Landsberg served as Chief Financial Officer of Westminster Foods, a holding company of food manufacturers producing snack crackers, condiments, sauces and syrups. Prior to joining Westminster Foods, Ms. Landsberg served from February 2017 as Global Chief Financial Officer of EOS Products, a global cosmetic and beauty company. 
 
 Tracy G. Purvis has served as Executive Vice President - Business Services since August 2020, having previously served as Executive Vice President - Business Services of Old Pyxus since February 2019, Senior Vice President - Business Services of Old Pyxus from September 2018 through January 2019, Vice President - Global Information Services of Old Pyxus from January 2011 through August 2018, Vice President - Chief Application Architect of Old Pyxus from April 2009 through December 2010, and Vice President - Chief Technology Officer of Old Pyxus from May 2005 through March 2009. 
 
 Ferna nda Goncalves has served as Senior Vice President - Chief Human Resources Officer since January 2023, having previously served as the Head of Global Human Resources at Red Hat, an IBM subsidiary, from July 2021 to December 2022. Prior to that, Ms. Goncalves served as the Global Human Resources Head and Compliance Officer from August 2018 to June 2021 at BASF, a global chemicals company. 
 
 William L. O Quinn, Jr. has served as Senior Vice President - Chief Legal Officer and Secretary since August 2020, having previously served as Senior Vice President - Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of Old Pyxus since April 2011, Senior Vice President - Assistant General Counsel and Secretary of Old Pyxus from January 2011 through March 2011, and Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Old Pyxus from August 2005 through December 2010. 
 
 On June 15, 2020, Old Holdco, Inc. (then named Pyxus International, Inc.) ("Old Pyxus") and its then subsidiaries Alliance One International, LLC, Alliance One North America, LLC, Alliance One Specialty Products, LLC and GSP Properties, LLC (collectively, the "Debtors") filed voluntary petitions (the "Chapter 11 Cases") under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code with the Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the "Bankruptcy Court") to implement a prepackaged Chapter 11 plan of reorganization to effectuate a financial restructuring of Old Pyxus secured debt. On August 21, 2020, the 
 80 

Bankruptcy Court issued an order (the "Confirmation Order") confirming the Amended Joint Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization (the "Plan") filed by the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases. On August 24, 2020, the Plan became effective in accordance with its terms, and the Debtors emerged from the Chapter 11 Cases. In connection with the satisfaction of the conditions to effectiveness as set forth in the Confirmation Order and the Plan, Old Pyxus completed a series of transactions pursuant to which the business assets and operations of Old Pyxus were vested in Pyxus Holdings, Inc., which is an indirect subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant to the Confirmation Order and the Plan, at the effectiveness of the Plan, all outstanding shares of common stock, and rights to acquire the common stock, of Old Pyxus were cancelled and the shares of common stock of the Company were delivered to certain creditors of Old Pyxus. Each of Mr. Sikkel, Ms. Purvis and Mr. O Quinn served as executive officers of Old Pyxus, in the capacities described above, at the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 The information included in the Proxy Statement under the headings "Board of Directors - Board Committees and Membership" and "Audit Matters" is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Section 16(a) Compliance 
 The information included in the Proxy Statement under the heading "Ownership of Equity Securities - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct 
 The information included in the Proxy Statement under the heading "Governance of the Company - Code of Business Conduct" is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 The Board of Directors has adopted corporate governance guidelines and charters for its Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Environmental, Social, Governance and Nominating Committee. These governance documents are available on our website, www.pyxus.com, or by w ritten request, without charge, addressed to: Corporate Secretary, Pyxus International, Inc., 6001 Hospitality Court, Suite 100, Morrisville, NC 27560-2009. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information contained in the Proxy Statement under the captions "Board of Directors - Compensation of Directors" and "Executive Compensation" is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information as of March 31, 2023 (a) (b) (c) Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (3) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 1,887,252 (2) 
 312,748 (2) 
 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders Total (1) 
 1,887,252 (2) 
 312,748 (2) 
 (1) On November 18, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the Pyxus International, Inc. 2020 Incentive Plan (the "Incentive Plan"), which was approved at the 2021 annual meeting of shareholders on August 19, 2021. The Incentive Plan permits the grant of options, stock appreciation rights (or SARs), stock awards, stock unit awards, performance share awards, and incentive awards. The number of shares of the Company s common stock eligible to be issued under the Incentive Plan is 2,200,000 shares. 
 (2) The awards outstanding on March 31, 2023 under the Incentive Plan are restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units awarded to employees and stock units awarded to non-employee directors. Each of such awards is subject to a condition to vesting that the Company's common stock be listed for trading on a national securities exchange or an approved foreign securities exchange by a specified date. As of March 31, 2023, such additional vesting condition was not probable of being satisfied under U.S. GAAP. The amounts presented in the table assume the number of shares to be issued upon vesting of the performance-based restricted stock units based on the maximum level of performance. 
 (3) The awards outstanding as of March 31, 2023 under the Incentive Plan do not have an exercise price. 
 
 81 

The information contained in the Proxy Statement under the caption "Ownership of Equity Securities" is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information contained in the Proxy Statement under the captions "Governance of the Company - Determination of Independence of Directors," "Board of Directors - Independence," "Board of Directors - Compensation of Directors," and "Related Party Transactions" is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information contained in the Proxy Statement under the captions "Audit Matters - Policy for Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services" and "Audit Matters - Audit and Non-Audit Fees" is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 1. The following consolidated financial statements of Pyxus International, Inc. and Subsidiaries are filed as part of this report under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss - Years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity - Years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 2. All other financial statement schedules are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

3. The following documents are filed as exhibits to this report pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 2.01 
 Order dated August 24, 2020 issued by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware in the case captioned In re Pyxus International, Inc., et al. (Case No. 20-11570 (LLS)), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K of Old Holdco, Inc. filed on August 24, 2020 (File No. 001-13684). 2.02 
 Amended Joint Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization filed by the Debtors in the case before the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware captioned In re Pyxus International, Inc., et al. (Case No. 20-11570 (LLS)), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K of Old Holdco, Inc. filed on August 24, 2020 (File No. 001-13684). 3.01 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Pyxus International, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K12G3 filed on August 24, 2020 (File No. 000-25734). 3.02 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Pyxus International, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K12G3 filed on August 24, 2020 (File No. 000-25734). 4.01 
 Shareholders Agreement dated as of August 24, 2020 among Pyxus International, Inc. and the Investors (as defined therein), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8 K12G3 filed on August 24, 2020 (File No. 000-25734). 
 82 

4.02 
 First Amendment to Shareholders Agreement dated as of September 14, 2020 among Pyxus International, Inc., Glendon Capital Management LP on behalf of its Affiliates that hold common shares of Pyxus International, Inc., and Monarch Alternative Capital LP, on behalf of its Affiliates that hold common shares of Pyxus International, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14, 2020 (File No. 000-25734). 4.03 
 Indenture, dated as of February 6, 2023, among Pyxus Holdings, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2023 (File No. 000-25734). 4.04 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.04 to the registrant s Annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 000-25734). 
 10.01 
 ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2022, by and among Pyxus Holdings, Inc., as Borrower Agent, the Borrowers and Parent Guarantors Party thereto, the Lenders Party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2022 (File No. 000-25734). 
 10.02 
 Limited Consent and Amendment to ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of January 5, 2023, by and among Pyxus Holdings, Inc., the other borrowers and guarantors party thereto, the several lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2023 (File No. 000-25734). 10.03 
 Amended and Restated ABL Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2023, among Pyxus Holdings, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as ABL Agent, Alter Domus (US) LLC, as Pyxus Term Loan Administrative Agent, Intabex Term Loan Administrative Agent and Senior Collateral Agent, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Senior Notes Trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2023 (File No. 000-25734). 10.04 
 Pyxus Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2023, among Pyxus Holdings, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, the several lenders party thereto and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as administrative agent and senior collateral agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2023 (File No. 000-25734). 10.05 
 Intabex Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2023, among Pyxus Holdings, Inc., Intabex Netherlands B.V., the other guarantors party thereto, the several lenders party thereto and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as administrative agent and senior collateral agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2023 (File No. 000-25734). 10.06 
 Intercreditor and Collateral Agency Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2023, among Pyxus Holdings, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, Alter Domus (US) LLC, as New Intabex Term Loan Administrative Agent, New Pyxus Term Loan Administrative Agent and Senior Collateral Agent, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Senior Notes Trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2023 (File No. 000-25734). 10.07 
 Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of March 30, 2012 among Alliance One International, Inc., Finacity Receivables 2006-2, LLC and Finacity Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Old Holdco, Inc. for the year ended March 31, 2012, filed on June 13, 2012 (File No. 001-13684). 
 10.08 
 Second Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of March 30, 2012 among Alliance One International AG, Finacity Receivables 2006-2, LLC and Finacity Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Old Holdco, Inc. for the year ended March 31, 2012, filed on June 13, 2012 (File No. 001-13684). 10.09 
 Second Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement dated as of March 30, 2012 among Finacity Receivables 2006-2, LLC, Finacity Corporation, Alliance One International AG, Norddeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale, Standard Chartered Bank, the other Purchaser Agents from time to time party thereto, the Bank Purchasers from time to time party thereto, Hannover Funding Company LLC, and the other Conduit Purchasers from time to time party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Old Holdco, Inc. for the year ended March 31, 2012, filed on June 13, 2012 (File No. 001-13684). 
 
 83 

10.10 
 Pyxus International, Inc. 2020 Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2020 (File No. 000-25734). 
 10.11 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.09 to the registrant s Annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 000-25734). 
 10.12 
 Form of Performance-based Stock Unit Award Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant s Annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 000-25734). 
 10.13 
 Alliance One International, Inc. Supplemental Retirement Account Plan (amended and restated as of January 1, 2009), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Old Holdco, Inc. for the period ended December 31, 2008, filed on February 17, 2009 (File No. 001-13684). 
 10.14 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated as of March 1, 2013 between Alliance One International, Inc. and J. Pieter Sikkel, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Old Holdco, Inc. filed on February 7, 2013 (File No. 001-13684). 
 10.15 
 Executive Employment Agreement executed on October 27, 2021, with an effective date of November 1, 2021, between Flavia Landsberg and Pyxus International, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Pyxus International, Inc., filed on November 15, 2021 (File No. 000-25734). 
 10.16 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by Pyxus International, Inc. with each of Patrick Fallon, Holly Kim, and Jamie Ashton, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K12G3 filed on August 24, 2020 (File No. 000-25734). 
 10.17 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by Pyxus International, Inc. with each of Robert George, Carl Hausmann, Cynthia Moehring, J. Pieter Sikkel, Richard Topping, John Alphin, and Patrick Bartels, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2020, filed on February 9, 2021 (File No. 000-25734). 
 21 
 List of subsidiaries (filed herewith). 23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP (filed herewith). 31.01 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 31.02 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 32 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (filed herewith). 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase (filed herewith). 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (filed herewith). 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase (filed herewith). 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase (filed herewith). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in the Interactive Data Files submitted as Exhibits 101. ). Indicates management compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 This exhibit is furnished herewith, but not deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to liability under that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we explicitly incorporate it by reference. 

Instruments with respect to long-term debt, the amount of securities authorized thereunder being less than ten percent of the Company's consolidated assets, have been omitted and the Company agrees to furnish such instruments to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 
 84 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 The Company has chosen not to include an optional summary of the information required by this Form 10-K. For a reference to information in the Form 10-K, investors should refer to the Table of Contents to this Form 10-K. 
 
 85 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on June 6, 2023. 
 PYXUS INTERNATIONAL, INC. By: /s/ J. Pieter Sikkel J. Pieter Sikkel President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on June 6, 2023. 
 /s/ J. Pieter Sikkel /s/ Patrick J. Bartels, Jr. J. Pieter Sikkel President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Patrick J. Bartels, Jr. Director /s/ Flavia B. Landsberg /s/ Robert D. George Flavia B. Landsberg Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Robert D. George Director /s/ Philip C. Garofolo /s/ Cynthia P. Moehring Philip C. Garofolo Vice President - Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Cynthia P. Moehring Director /s/ John S. Alphin /s/ Richard J.C. Topping John S. Alphin Director Richard J.C. Topping Director /s/ Jamie J. Ashton Jamie J. Ashton Director 
 
 86 

<EX-21>
 2
 pyx-20230331xex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company (consolidated as of March 31, 2023) 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Organized Under Law Of Alliance One (Beijing) Enterprise Management and Consulting Co. LTD. China Alliance One Brasil Exportadora de Tabacos Ltda. Brazil Alliance One International GmbH Switzerland Alliance One International Holdings, Ltd. United Kingdom Alliance One International Services Limited United Kingdom Alliance One International Singapore Pte Ltd. Singapore Alliance One International Tabak B.V. The Netherlands Alliance One International Tobacco, Inc. United States Alliance One International, LLC United States Alliance One Macedonia AD Macedonia Alliance One Rotag AG Germany Alliance One Services (Thailand) Thailand Alliance One Specialty Products, LLC United States Alliance One Tobacco (Malawi) Limited Malawi Alliance One Tobacco Argentina S.A. Argentina Alliance One Tobacco Canada, Inc. Canada Alliance One Tobacco Guatemala, S.A. Guatemala Alliance One Tobacco Tanzania Ltd. Tanzania Alliance One Tutun A.S. Turkey Alliance One Zambia Ltd. Zambia Gadora Tobacco P.S.C. Jordan Intabex Netherlands BV The Netherlands Leaf Trading Company Ltd. Russia Mashonaland Tobacco Company (Pvt.) Ltd. Zimbabwe Mauritius Tobacco Investments Ltd. Mauritius P.T. Alliance One Indonesia Indonesia P.T. Indonesia Tri Sembilan Indonesia Pyxus Agricultural Holdings Ltd. United Kingdom Pyxus Agriculture Ltd. (Malawi) Malawi Pyxus Agriculture Tanzania Ltd. Tanzania Pyxus Holdings, Inc. United States Rio Grande Tabacos Ltda. Brazil Standard Commercial Tobacco Company (UK) Ltd. United Kingdom Trans-Continental Leaf Tobacco Corporation Ltd. Liechtenstein 
 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S K, the Company has omitted some subsidiaries that, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of March 31, 2023 under Rule 1 02(w) of Regulation S X. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 pyx-20230331xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-253909 on Form S-8 of our report dated June 6, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Pyxus International, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Raleigh, North Carolina 
 June 6, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.01>
 4
 pyx-20230331xex3101.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

Exhibit 31.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, J. Pieter Sikkel, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pyxus International, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s J. Pieter Sikkel J. Pieter Sikkel President and Chief Executive Officer June 6, 2023 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 5
 pyx-20230331xex3102.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

Exhibit 31.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Flavia Landsberg, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pyxus International, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Flavia Landsberg Flavia Landsberg Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer June 6, 2023 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32>
 6
 pyx-20230331xex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Pyxus International, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer's knowledge, that 
 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated June 6, 2023 
 
 s J. Pieter Sikkel J. Pieter Sikkel President and Chief Executive Officer s Flavia Landsberg Flavia Landsberg Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pyx-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pyx-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pyx-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pyx-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pyx-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

