<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230516_10-K_edgar_data_1009891_0001213900-23-040540.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7333447</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>203722</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1350907</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1817078</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1980484</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1770490</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-040540.hdr.sgml : 20230516
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230516171358
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-040540
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230516
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230516

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AIR INDUSTRIES GROUP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001009891
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT PART & AUXILIARY EQUIPMENT, NEC [3728]
		IRS NUMBER:				204458244
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35927
		FILM NUMBER:		23928645

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1460 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			BAY SHORE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11706
		BUSINESS PHONE:		631-881-4920

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1460 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			BAY SHORE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11706

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AIR INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070702

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gales Industries Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060410

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ashlin Development Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050127

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-040540.txt : 20230516

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_airindust.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual
Report Pursuant To Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

or 

Transition
Report Under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the transition period from ______ to_______ 

Commission
File No. 

(Name
of small business issuer in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of Principal Executive Offices (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of each Exchange on which Registered NYSE-American 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As
of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates was , based on 2,496,822 shares of
outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates, and a price of 7.00 per share, which was the last reported sale price of our common
stock on the NYSE American on that date. 

There were shares of the registrant s
common stock outstanding as of May 10, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS IINCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None 

AIR
INDUSTRIES GROUP 

FORM
10-K 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Page No. 
 
 PART
 I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 7 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 16 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 16 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 16 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 16 

PART
 II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 17 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 18 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 24 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 24 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 24 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 24 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 25 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 25 

PART
 III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 26 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 30 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 32 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 34 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 35 

PART
 IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 36 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements 
 F-1 

i 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
report contains forward-looking statements. Certain of the matters discussed herein concerning, among other items, our operations, cash
flows, financial position and economic performance including, in particular, future sales, product demand, competition and the effect
of economic conditions, include forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking
statements are predictive in nature and can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts
and generally include words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, 
 estimates and similar expressions. Although we believe that these statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, including
projections of orders, sales, operating margins, earnings, cash flow, research and development costs, working capital, capital expenditures,
distribution channels, profitability, new products, adequacy of funds from operations, and general economic conditions, these statements
and other projections contained herein expressing opinions about future outcomes and non-historical information, are subject to uncertainties
and, therefore, there is no assurance that the outcomes expressed in these statements will be achieved. 

Investors
are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments may differ
materially from the expectations expressed in forward-looking statements contained herein. Given these uncertainties, you should
not place any reliance on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date hereof. See Risk factors for
a discussion of factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. 

We
undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as may be required under applicable securities laws. You are advised, however, to consult any additional disclosures we make
in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

As
used in this report, unless otherwise stated or the context requires otherwise, the Company and terms such as we, 
 us our, and AIRI refer to Air Industries Group, a Nevada corporation, and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries. 

We
are a manufacturer of complex machined parts and assemblies for the Aerospace and Defense A D market. Our products
are used by Original Equipment Manufacturers OEM in the manufacture of fixed wing aircraft, helicopters jet turbine engines,
and other complex sophisticated A D products. We also manufacture parts for the ground power turbine industry and are in discussions
to manufacture products for submarines. 

We
are a holding company with three legal subsidiaries, Air Industries Machining, AIM Nassau Tool Works NTW and Sterling Engineering Company SEC ). Our subsidiaries have been manufacturers of A D product for decades; SEC began
manufacturing aircraft components in 1941 over 80-years ago for use in World War II. NTW was formed in the early 1960 s
and AIM has been in business since 1951. Collectively, our subsidiaries have over 200 years of manufacturing experience in the A D
market. 

We
operate our business using two main facilities. One is located in Long Island, New York, and the other is in Barkhamsted, Connecticut.
We have over 150,000 square feet of manufacturing space, approximately 75,000 square feet in each location, and employ approximately
190 people. 

Historically,
we operated our businesses and reported their results as two separate segments, with AIM and NTW comprising our Complex Machining Segment CMS and our SEC as the Turbine Engine Component Segment TEC ). Our CMS segment specializes in flight
critical components including flight controls and landing gear. Our TEC segment focuses on manufacturing components for jet engines.
Historically, each segment had different customers and utilized different production facilities. 

In
recent years the operations of our CMS and TEC segments have become increasingly integrated. In addition, we have made significant capital
expenditures to modernize our manufacturing equipment and all of our operations now share the same manufacturing facilities and use most,
if not all, of the same sales and marketing functions. We made these changes to take advantage of the long-term growth opportunities
we see in the A D market. In early fiscal 2022, we further changed our management approach and now make decisions regarding the allocation
of resources and assess operating performance based on one integrated business rather than two reporting segments. As such, effective
with our first quarter ended March 31, 2022, we began to present our operations as one reportable operating segment. 

The
A D business is comprised of a small number of OEM s relying on several tiers or layers of many more numerous
smaller manufacturers supplying product. Each successive tier supplies increasingly larger, more complex product to the next higher tier
and OEM companies. Air Industries is generally either a tier one manufacturer supplying product directly to an OEM, or a tier two manufacturer
supplying product to a tier one supplier which delivers to an OEM. 

Our
business has evolved over the years, our products becoming increasing complex. Where once we manufactured smaller individual components
for others to assemble into complex assemblies, we now manufacture those complex assemblies ourselves. For example, in the past we, along
with other suppliers, manufactured individual components to be assembled into a landing gear by an OEM customer. Today we manufacture
the entire landing gear, assembling over 200 individual parts, most manufactured internally, others sub-contracted or purchased into
a complete landing gear delivered directly to an OEM, ready to be installed on an aircraft. 

1 

We
are predominately a supplier of military aviation product. Defense products were 82.6 and 87.7 of our business in 2022 and 2021 respectively.
Our OEM customers in the defense sector include: 

Raytheon Technologies
 Corporation (f/k/a United Technologies Corporation). We supply products for several units of Raytheon Technologies Corporation,
 including: 

o 
 Goodrich Landing Systems
 we manufacture landing gear components for the Northrop Grumman E2-D Hawkeye, airborne warning and control aircraft deployed
 with the US Navy and several foreign governments, the Lockheed F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike multi-role fighter aircraft used by
 all branches of the US military and multiple foreign militaries and for the F-15 Eagle fighter aircraft. 

Pratt
 Whitney we manufacture jet turbine engine components for several military and commercial jet engines. 

Lockheed Martin Corporation.
 We supply products for the Sikorsky Aircraft unit of Lockheed primarily for the UH-60 BlackHawk multi-purpose helicopter used
 by the US and many foreign militaries. 

General Electric Corporation .
 We supply products used in General Electric jet turbine aircraft engines used by several military aircraft platforms. 

US Department of Defense .
 We supply landing gear product for the US Navy F-18 fighter aircraft directly to the Defense Department. 

Northrop Grumman Corporation.
 We supply product used on the E2-D Hawkeye, airborne warning and control aircraft. 

The
balance of our business, comprising 17.4 and 12.3 of our business in 2022 and 2021 respectively, is in commercial aviation and to a
minor degree in ground power electricity generation. Our OEM customers in the commercial sector include: 

Rohr Inc., (a wholly
 owned subsidiary of Raytheon Technologies) We manufacture a component used in several versions of the Pratt Whitney new geared
 turbine fan commercial jet turbine engine. 

General Electric Corporation.
 We supply products used in General Electric jet turbine aircraft engines used by several commercial aircraft platforms and ground
 power electricity generation. 

Our
business is concentrated on five aircraft platforms which comprised 76.9 and 76.6 of our business in 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

UH-60 BlackHawk .
 We have manufactured many components and assemblies for the BlackHawk and its many variants for more than 20 years. BlackHawk helicopters
 entered service in 1979 and remain in production today. It is the primary helicopter used by the US Army and other branches of the
 US military. The BlackHawk is also used by many foreign countries and militaries. Over 4,000 aircraft have been produced with many,
 perhaps as many as 3,000, remaining in use today and generating significant after-market demand. 

F-35 Lightning II. 
 The F-35 Lightning also known as the Joint Strike Fighter is a new aircraft that will in coming years replace the US Air Force F-15
 and the US Navy and Marine Corps F-18 fighters. Eight other nations have participated in the development of the aircraft and will
 be users of the aircraft, as will other international militaries. There are three variants of the aircraft, conventional take-off
 and landing F-35A, short take-off and vertical landing F-35B and a carrier based variant F-35C. The aircraft entered service with
 the US Marine Corps in 2015 and approximately 2,300 are expected to be produced. 

2 

F-18 Hornet. The
 F-18 Hornet currently is the primary fighter aircraft for the US Navy operating primarily from aircraft carriers. The F-18 is also
 in service internationally, notably Finland and Australia. We manufacture complete landing gear and landing gear components for the
 many variants of the aircraft. 

Northrop Grumman E2-D
 Advanced Hawkeye. The ED-D Hawkeye is a US Navy carrier-based aircraft used to provide airborne warning and control for carrier-based
 air operations. The aircraft s role is to maintain control of the airspace surrounding an aircraft carrier for protection of
 the vessel and aircraft in operation. The D version, the most current of the E2 remains in production. The aircraft
 is also used by seven foreign militaries notably Japan. 

Pratt Whitney
 Geared Turbo-Fan. The P W Geared Turbo-Fan GTF is a next generation jet turbine engine used in commercial
 aviation. The GTF engine is widely acknowledged to deliver improved fuel economy and a lower noise footprint than existing jet engines.
 There are several versions of the GTF. Air Industries produces a component for the smaller versions of the engine used on the popular
 A-220 and Embraer narrow body aircraft. 

Our
Market 

The
A D industry has become very consolidated, now dominated by just a few very large prime contractors and OEM s. These include
Airbus, Boeing, General Electric, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, and Raytheon Technologies. Many if not most of the large prime contractors
and OEM s are our direct Tier One customers, and we also supply product as a Tier two supplier to many of their Tier one suppliers.
We also sell directly to the US Department of Defense DOD ). 

Our
products are incorporated into many aircraft platforms, the majority of which remain in production today. The demand for after-market
products for the maintenance, repair and overhaul MRO of aircraft can continue for many years, even decades, after the
production line for new aircraft is shut-down. 

We
target products that are flight critical, whose flawless operation is essential to the safe operation of the aircraft. To qualify to
produce these products a manufacturer needs to maintain various accreditations. Obtaining accreditation while not impossible is difficult,
time consuming and thus a barrier to entry for competitors. Further, flight critical components are frequently replaced on aircraft on
a flight time, or flight cycle basis. Thus, demand for these products arises from both production of new aircraft, and MRO demand based
on the flight hours of existing fleets of aircraft. 

For
many of our products we are the sole or single source of product for our customers. Sole source product means that we are the only manufacturer
of the product. Single source means that while other manufacturers could supply the product, we are the only producer currently in the
market. Single or sole sourcing is more likely to occur with legacy aircraft. OEM s generally prefer to have multiple sources of
product to support a production line of new aircraft and avoid single point of failure issues, particularly in light of the supply chain
disruptions caused by the outbreak of Covid-19. 

Our
market is predominately military. As such demand for our products is closely aligned with the budget of the DOD. We monitor two components
of the DOD budget; procurement which affects demand resulting from new production and operations maintenance which affects demand
resulting from the maintaining of existing aircraft. For Fiscal Year 2022, procurement and operations and maintenance accounted for more
than 50 of the entire defense budget. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
are generally recognized as a Tier 1 or Tier 2 supplier in the A D industry. We are also recognized as having extensive experience
and accreditation to produce and assemble complex flight safety products. 

Most
of our contracts with our customers are in the form of a Long-Term Agreement LTA ). These LTA s specify the number
and price of products that the customer may order from us for a period of time. The quantity and price in any year may vary from other
years within the LTA. Once awarded, the customer places orders against the LTA. These orders are called releases. Once released the order
is a firm order. While a firm order may be cancelled the customer is subject to termination liability and must pay us for the cost of
material, labor and other costs incurred up to the date of termination. 

3 

Our
sales cycle is highly variable, ranging from a few weeks to several years depending upon the complexity of the product and the number
of steps necessary to complete manufacturing. Contracts for product can be very short, just a few months to as long as ten-years. 

We
obtain new or follow-on LTA s through competitive bidding. We respond to a customer s Request for Quotation RFQ with proposed prices based on quantities, sometimes varying quantities per year, for shipments over a number of years. There may be several
rounds of submissions from us and from competitive suppliers, and a period of negotiation before an LTA is awarded. In addition to products
sold pursuant to LTA s there are also spot buys of product by customers. 

LTA s,
particularly for defense products, may be extended or new orders placed without competitive bidding. In this instance and in some others
our price for the product must be supported by an analysis or audit and approval of our costs by the customer or by the Government. 

In 2021 and to a lesser extent
in the first half of 2022 our sales and marketing efforts were negatively affected by Covid travel restrictions limiting our ability
to visit customers and the reluctance of the employees of some of our customers to return to the office and attend trade shows, complicating
our ability to contact them. As a result of these challenges our book-to-bill ratio (new orders booked divided by sales)
was 0.75 to 1.00 and 0.9 to 1.00 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, below historic levels. 

Our
approach to sales and marketing can be best understood through the concept of customer alignment. The aerospace industry is dominated
by a small number of large prime contractors and OEM s. These customers rely heavily upon subcontractors to supply quality parts
meeting specifications on a timely and cost effective basis. These customers and other customers we supply routinely rate their suppliers
based on a variety of performance factors. One of our principal goals is to be highly rated and thus deemed reliable by all of our customers
and throughout the industry. 

The
large prime contractors are increasingly seeking subcontractors who can supply and are qualified to integrate the fabrication of larger,
more complex and more complete subassemblies. We seek to position ourselves within the supply chain of these contractors and manufacturers
to be selected for subcontracted projects. Successful positioning requires that we qualify to be a preferred supplier by achieving and
maintaining independent third party quality approval certifications, specific customer quality system approvals and top supplier ratings
through strong performance on existing contracts. 

During
our sales and marketing efforts we let customers know that we have employees with the talent and experience to manage the manufacture
of sections of aircraft structures to be delivered to the final assembly phase of the aircraft manufacturing cycle, and customers have
now engaged us for these services. 

Initial
contracts are usually obtained through competitive bidding against other qualified subcontractors, while follow-on contracts are usually
retained by successfully performing initial contracts. Our long term business generally benefits from barriers to entry resulting from
investments, certifications, familiarization with the needs and systems of customers, and manufacturing techniques developed during the
initial manufacturing phase. We endeavor to develop each of our relationships to one of a partnership where we participate
in the resolution of pre-production design and build issues, and initial contracts are obtained as single source awards and follow-on
pricing is determined through negotiations. In response to the impediments to traditional means of marketing our products and services
encountered during 2020 and 2021 as a result of the cancellation of industry-wide events and the difficulties in scheduling meetings
with our customers, we have adapted our business development efforts to increase our use of social media and online presentations, and
will continue to look for new ways to interact with our customers. 

4 

Our
Backlog 

The
backlog we report consists solely of firm orders received from customers. We do not estimate possible or probable future orders pursuant
to LTA s or anticipated contract renewals. Our backlog exists due to the long lead times necessary to produce many of our products.
Our production cycle from ordering raw material to delivering finished product can vary from several weeks to more than one year. Customers
must place orders in light of these lead-times creating a back-log of future deliveries. The production cycle for jet engine products
is much shorter and accordingly the backlog for jet engine products is much lower. Our total 18-Month firm backlog was 60.1 and 75.0
Million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Our
backlog today is the result of purchase orders for the Sikorsky Black Hawk, the F-25 Joint Strike Fighter, the Northrop Grumman E2-D,
the F-18 fighter aircraft and the Pratt Whitney Geared Turbo-Fan jet engine. 

Competition 

Winning a new contract is highly competitive. We manufacture to customer
design specifications. We compete against companies that have similar, or better manufacturing capabilities and often greater financial,
physical and technical resources in the domestic and, to a lesser degree, in the global marketplace. Our ability to win new contracts
requires providing quality products on a timely basis at competitive prices. This requires that we strive for continuous improvement in
our capabilities to enhance our competitiveness. To accomplish this, we have made significant investments in new machinery and equipment
totaling approximately 3,725,000; 1,364,000 and 2,361,000 in 2021 and 2022, respectively. This new equipment improves the productive
capacity of our employees, increases efficiency and speed, while maintaining closer tolerances, and increasing the size of product we
can manufacture with a larger working envelope . We anticipate spending an additional 1,750,000 to 2,500,000 in 2023 to
continue to expand our productive capacity. 

Our
marketing strategy involves developing long-term working relationships with customers. These relationships enable us to develop barriers
to entry to competitors by establishing and maintaining advanced quality approvals, certifications and tooling investments that are difficult
and expensive to duplicate. 

Among
our competitors are: Monitor Aerospace, a division of Stellex Aerospace; Hydromil, a division of Triumph Aerospace Group; Heroux Aerospace
and Ellanef Manufacturing, a division of Magellan Corporation. 

Raw
Materials and Replacement Parts 

The
manufacturing process for certain products, particularly those for which we serve as product integrator, requires significant purchases
of raw materials, hardware and subcontracted details. As a result, much of our success in profitably meeting customer demand for these
products requires efficient and effective subcontract management. Price and availability of many raw materials utilized in the aerospace
industry are subject to volatile global markets and political conditions. Most suppliers of raw materials are unwilling to commit to
long-term contracts at fixed prices. This is a substantial risk as our strategy often involves long term fixed price commitments to our
customers. 

Employees 

As of May 1, 2023, we employed
185 people. Of these, 76 were in administration, 9 were in sales and procurement, and 100 were in manufacturing. 

AIM
is a party to a collective bargaining agreement (the Agreement with the United Service Workers, IUJAT, Local 355 (the
 Union with which we believe we maintain good relations. The Agreement was renewed as of December 31, 2021 and expires
on December 31, 2024 and covers the majority of AIM s personnel, approximately 130 individuals, which equates to approximately
70 of all of our employees. 

AIM
is required to make a monthly contribution to each of the Union s United Welfare Fund and the United Services Worker s Security
Fund. This is the only pension benefit required by the Agreement and the Company is not obligated for any future defined benefit to retirees.
The Agreement contains a no-strike clause, whereby, during the term of the Agreement, the Union will not strike and AIM
will not lockout its employees. 

All
of our employees are covered under a co-employment agreement with Insperity Services, LLC, a professional employer organization that
provides out-sourced human resource and payroll services. 

5 

Regulations 

Environmental
Regulation; Employee Safety 

We
are subject to regulations administered by the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration,
various state agencies and county and local authorities acting in cooperation with federal and state authorities. Among other things,
these regulatory bodies impose restrictions that require us to control air, soil and water pollution, to protect against occupational
exposure to chemicals, including health and safety risks, and to require notification or reporting of the storage, use and release of
certain hazardous chemicals and substances. The extensive regulatory framework imposes compliance burdens and financial and operating
risks on us. Governmental authorities have the power to enforce compliance with these regulations and to obtain injunctions or impose
civil and criminal fines in the case of violations. 

The
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA imposes strict, joint and several
liabilities on the present and former owners and operators of facilities that release hazardous substances into the environment. The
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 RCRA regulates the generation, transportation, treatment, storage and
disposal of hazardous waste. New York and Connecticut, the states where our production facilities are located, also have stringent laws
and regulations governing the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous substances, counterparts of CERCLA and RCRA. In addition, the
Occupational Safety and Health Act, which requires employers to provide a place of employment that is free from recognized and preventable
hazards that are likely to cause serious physical harm to employees, obligates employers to provide notice to employees regarding the
presence of hazardous chemicals and to train employees in the use of such substances. 

Federal
Aviation Administration 

We
are subject to regulation by the Federal Aviation Administration FAA under the provisions of the Federal Aviation Act
of 1958, as amended. The FAA prescribes standards and licensing requirements for aircraft and aircraft components. We are subject to
inspections by the FAA and may be subjected to fines and other penalties (including orders to cease production) for noncompliance with
FAA regulations. Our failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in the termination of or our disqualification from some
of our contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We have never been subject to such fines or disqualifications. 

Government
Contract Compliance 

Our
government contracts and those of many of our customers are subject to the procurement rules and regulations of the United States government,
including the Federal Acquisition Regulations. Many of the contract terms are dictated by these rules and regulations. During and after
the fulfillment of a government contract, we may be audited in respect of the direct and allocated indirect costs attributed to the project.
These audits may result in adjustments to our contract costs. Additionally, we may be subject to U.S. government inquiries and investigations
because of our participation in government procurement. Any inquiry or investigation can result in fines or limitations on our ability
to continue to bid for government contracts and fulfill existing contracts. 

We
believe that we are in compliance with all federal, state and local laws and regulations governing our operations and have obtained all
material licenses and permits required for the operation of our business. 

6 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

The
purchase of our common stock involves a very high degree of risk. 

In
evaluating our common stock and our business, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other
information and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included herein. If any of the events described in the risks
below actually occurs, our financial condition or operating results may be materially and adversely affected, the price of our common
stock may decline, perhaps significantly, and you could lose all or a part of your investment. 

The
risks below can be characterized into four groups: 

1) 
 Risks related to disruptive
 global events such as a widespread public health crisis, the outbreak of an international conflict, a terrorist event or a banking
 crisis, such as Covid-19 and the war in Ukraine, and responses to such events; 

2) 
 Risks related to our business,
 including risks specific to the defense and aerospace industry; 

3) 
 Risks arising from our
 indebtedness; and 

4) 
 Risks related to our common
 stock. 

The
financial statements contained in this Report, as well as the description of our business contained herein, unless otherwise indicated,
principally reflect the status of our business and the result of operations as of December 31, 2022. 

Risks
Related to Global Events 

Disruptive national and international events,
such as the outbreak of a public health crisis, an international conflict, a terrorist event, a banking crisis, the possibility of default
by the United States on its obligations due to its debt ceiling or the actuality of such an event, and the response of the United States,
other countries and the public to such events, and the resulting macroeconomic disruption to the financial markets and the businesses
of our customers and suppliers, could have a negative impact on our results of operation and financial condition. 

The outbreak of the Covid-19
pandemic, the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation and the measures adopted by various governments and agencies, as well as the
decision by many individuals and businesses to voluntarily shut down or self-quarantine and work from home in response to the outbreak
of Covid-19 had serious adverse impacts on domestic and foreign economies, the financial markets and our ability, as well as the ability
of some of our customers and suppliers, to operate in the ordinary course. While we continued to operate substantially in the normal course
of business since the outbreak of Covid-19, we were forced to adjust our sales and marketing practices due to difficulties encountered
in contacting our customers to maintain existing programs and win new orders and did not receive new contracts during 2021 and 2022 at
a rate consistent with historical levels. Although business has substantially returned to pre-Covid-19 operating levels and our ability
to win new orders appears to be returning to historical levels, there is no assurance that there will not be another event, such as a
public health crisis, an international conflict, a terrorist event, a banking crisis or the possibility of a default by the United States
on its obligations due to its debt ceiling or the actuality of such an event, which will have a material adverse impact on our industry,
operations or financial condition. Moreover, although our industry appears to be operating in the normal course, employees of certain
customers continue to work from home impacting our ability to communicate with them and the future economic impact of changes in business
practices which resulted from Covid-19 or which might result from a future event, cannot be predicted with certainty. Covid-19 caused
significant disruption to the commercial travel and aerospace industries. Although air travel has increased, it may take several years
for overall economic conditions to return to normal, particularly in the aerospace industry, for air travel and the resulting demand for
new and refurbished aircraft to return to normal. If conditions do not improve, or if they worsen, it could make it difficult for us to
access debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all, and impact our ability to fund business activities and repay debt on a
timely basis. 

7 

Russia s
invasion of Ukraine, continued tensions between the US and the European Union with China and Russia, may alter countries 
willingness to rely on others as the source of certain products and material. 

Historically, prime contractors and OEMs in the United States A 
D industry have relied upon suppliers outside the United States for products and raw materials, including suppliers in Russia and China.
Supply chain disruptions resulting from China s initial response to Covid-19, Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the economic
disruption resulting from retaliatory measures, continued tensions between the US and other countries, may cause many companies in the
A D industry and the governments of the countries in which they are located, including the United States, to rethink these strategies
and seek or mandate that such companies obtain more reliable sources of supply. To the extent they do so, it could disrupt the markets
for raw materials and supplies, our ability and the ability of our suppliers to obtain raw materials and supplies and the market for the
skilled laborers we need to manufacture our products. 

We
cannot forecast with any certainty whether such disruptions, restrictions imposed by various governments in response thereto and resulting
changes in business practices, may materially impact our ability and the ability of our suppliers to obtain necessary raw material, our
business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

In
reading the remaining risk factors set forth below, in each case, consider the additional uncertainties caused by the potential for disruptive
global events such as a widespread public health crisis, the outbreak of an international conflict, terrorist event or banking crisis
and continued rivalries between various countries. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
may need additional financing . 

We may need to obtain additional
financing to fund acquisitions of capital items necessary for our growth and to upgrade equipment to remain competitive. We may also
need to obtain the agreement of holders of portions of our debt to extend or otherwise refinance such debt. We may need to offer these
holders increases in the rates of interest they receive or otherwise compensate them through payments of cash or issuances of our equity
securities. Future financings or refinancings may involve the issuance of debt, equity and/or securities convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for our equity securities. Additional funding may not be available to us on reasonable terms, if at all. If we are able
to consummate such financings or re-financings, the trading price of our common stock could be adversely affected and the terms of such
financings may adversely affect the interests of our existing stockholders. Any failure to obtain additional working capital when required
would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition and may result in a decline in our stock price. Any issuances
of our common stock, preferred stock, or securities such as warrants or notes that are convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable
for, our capital stock, would have a dilutive effect on the voting and economic interest of our existing stockholders. 

A
reduction in government spending on defense could materially adversely impact our revenues, results of operations and financial condition. 

A
large percentage of our revenue is derived from products for US military aviation. There are risks associated with programs that are
subject to appropriation by Congress, which could be potential targets for reductions in funding. Reductions in United States Government
spending on defense or future changes in the mix of defense products required by United States Government agencies could limit demand
for our products and may have a materially adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. For the past several years,
our operations have been impacted by volatility in government procurement cycles and spending patterns. There can be no assurance that
our financial condition and results of operations will not be materially adversely impacted by future volatility in defense spending
or a change in the mix of products purchased by defense departments in the United States or other countries, or the perception on the
part of our customers that such changes are about to occur. 

8 

We
depend on revenues from a few significant relationships. Any loss, cancellation, reduction, or interruption in these relationships could
harm our business. 

We
derive most of our revenues from a small number of customers. Four customers represented approximately 77 and three customers represented
75 of total sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The markets in which we sell our products are dominated
by a relatively small number of customers which have contracts with United States governmental agencies, thereby limiting the number
of potential customers. Our success depends on our ability to develop and manage relationships with significant customers. We cannot
be sure that we will be able to retain our largest customers or that we will be able to attract additional customers, or that our customers
will continue to buy our products in the same amounts as in prior years. The loss of one or more of our largest customers, any reduction
or interruption in sales to these customers, our inability to successfully develop relationships with additional customers or future
price concessions that we may have to make, could significantly harm our business. 

We
depend on revenues from components for a few aircraft platforms and the cancellation or reduction of either production or use of these
aircraft platforms could harm our business. 

We
derive a significant portion of our revenues from components for a few aircraft platforms, specifically the Sikorsky BlackHawk helicopter,
the Northrop Grumman E-2 Hawkeye naval aircraft, the F-18 Hornet and the Pratt Whitney Geared TurboFan Jet engine. A reduction
in demand for our products as a result of either a reduction in the production of new aircraft or a reduction in the use of existing
aircraft in the fleet (reducing after-market demand) would have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

Intense
competition in our markets may lead to a reduction in our revenues and market share. 

The
defense and aerospace component manufacturing market is highly competitive and we expect that competition will increase and perhaps intensify.
In particular, we anticipate that manufacturers which have historically operated predominately in the commercial sector may seek to increase
the revenue derived in the defense aerospace market to utilize excess capacity. Many competitors have significantly greater technical,
manufacturing, financial and marketing resources than we do. We may not be able to compete successfully against either current or future
competitors. Increased competition could result in reduced revenue, lower margins or loss of market share, any of which could significantly
harm our business, our operating results and financial condition. 

We
may lose sales if we fail to timely meet the needs of any of our customers. 

Our
customers incorporate our products into larger aircraft assemblies or completed aircraft. They rely upon us to deliver products meeting
their specifications on a timely basis to ensure smooth operation of their assembly lines. If a customer were to conclude that it could
not rely upon us for timely delivery of quality products, it could look to dual source a product or rely upon another party altogether.
A customer could reach such a conclusion even if our failure to timely deliver product was the result of events beyond our control, such
as the failure of the customer to place an order for a long lead time product on a timely basis or supply us with agreed upon raw materials
for processing. Any decision by a customer to rely upon an alternate supplier for some or all of its needs could significantly harm our
business, our operating results and our financial condition. 

We
may lose sales if our suppliers fail to meet our needs or shipments of raw materials are not timely made. 

Although
we procure most of our raw materials, parts and components from multiple sources and rely upon a number of subcontractors to perform
detailed services, or believe that these materials, components and services are readily available from numerous sources, certain materials,
components and services are available only from a sole or limited number of sources and often need to be sourced by our customer. While
we believe that substitute supplies, components or assemblies and subcontractors could be obtained, use of substitutes would require
development of new suppliers or would require us to re-engineer our products, or both, which could delay shipment of our products and
could have a materially adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Any delays in the shipment of raw materials
or the performance of subcontracted services could significantly harm our business, our operating results and our financial condition. 

9 

A
reduction in our revenues could have a disproportionate effect on our gross profit as a percentage of sales. 

Our operations have a large
percentage of fixed factory overhead relative to our overall expenses. As a result, our gross profit as a percentage of sales is highly
linked with sales volume. Any reduction in our sales volume causes us to absorb the fixed overhead costs over a smaller base of sales,
likely causing our profit margin to decrease. Any reduction in our profit margin adversely impacts our reported performance and would
have a material adverse impact on results of operation and consolidated financial position. 

There
are risks associated with the bidding processes in which we compete. 

We
obtain many contracts through a competitive bidding process. We must devote substantial time and resources to prepare bids and proposals
and may not have contracts awarded to us. Even if we win contracts, there can be no assurance that the prices that we have bid will be
sufficient to allow us to generate a profit from any particular contract. There are significant costs involved with producing a small
number of initial units of any new product and it may not be possible to recoup such costs on later production runs. 

Due
to fixed contract pricing, increasing contract costs expose us to reduced profitability and the potential loss of future business. 

The
cost estimation process requires significant judgment and expertise. Reasons for cost growth may include unavailability and productivity
of labor, the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, the effect of change orders, the availability of materials, the effect
of any delays in performance, availability and timing of funding from the customer, natural disasters, and the inability to recover any
claims included in the estimates to complete. A significant change in cost estimates on one or more programs could have a material effect
on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

The
prices of raw materials we use are volatile. 

The
prices of raw materials used in our manufacturing processes are volatile. Our contracts generally allow us to increase our prices due
to increases in the price of raw materials. Many contracts, however, require that we absorb all or a portion of the increase in expense
resulting from inflation before passing the increase on to the customer. If the prices of raw materials rise, we may not be able to pass
along all of such increases to our customers and this could have an adverse impact on our consolidated financial position and results
of operations. It is possible that some of the raw materials we use might become subject to new or increased tariffs. Significant increases
in the prices of raw materials could adversely impact our customers demand for certain products which could lead to a reduction
in our revenues and have a material adverse impact on our revenues and on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

Some
of the products we produce have long lead times. 

Some of the products we produce require months to produce and we sometimes
produce products in excess of the number ordered intending to sell the excess as spares when orders arise. As a result, our inventory
turns slowly and ties up our working capital. Our inventory represented approximately 60 of our assets as of December 31, 2022. Any requirement
to write down the value of our inventory due to obsolescence, excess and slow moving, or a drop in the price of materials could have a
material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and could result in a breach of the financial covenants
in our Loan Facility with Webster Bank Webster ). 

We
do not own the intellectual property rights to products we produce. 

Nearly
all the parts and subassemblies we produce are built to customer specifications and the customer owns the intellectual property, if any,
related to the product. Consequently, if a customer desires to use another manufacturer to fabricate its part or subassembly, it would
be free to do so, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, our operating results and financial condition. 

10 

There
are risks associated with new programs. 

New
programs typically carry risks associated with design changes, acquisition of new production tools, funding commitments, imprecise or
changing specifications, timing delays and the accuracy of cost estimates associated with such programs. In addition, any new program
may experience delays for a variety of reasons after significant expenditures are made. If we were unable to perform under new programs
to the customers satisfaction or if a new program in which we had made a significant investment was terminated or experienced
weak demand, delays or other problems, then our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected. This could result in low margin or forward loss contracts, and the risk of having to write-off costs and estimated earnings
in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts if it were deemed to be unrecoverable over the life of the program. 

To
perform on new programs, we may be required to incur material up-front costs which may not have been separately negotiated and may not
be recoverable. Such charges and the loss of up-front costs could have a material impact on our liquidity. 

The
need to control our expenses will place a significant strain on our management and operational resources. If we are unable to control
our expenses effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

There
are risks associated with offering new services. 

To
reduce our dependence on subcontractors we may offer new services to our customers, such as painting and finishing products we manufacture.
There are risks associated with offering new services and even if such services are performed timely and correctly, it is likely that
our margins will be low in the initial phases when volume is low. 

Attracting
and retaining executive talent and other key personnel is an essential element of our future success. 

Our
future success depends to a significant extent upon our ability to attract executive talent, as well as the continued service of our
existing executive officers and other key management and technical personnel. Experienced management and technical, marketing and support
personnel in the defense and aerospace industries are in demand and competition for their talents is intense. Our failure to attract
executive talent, or retain our existing executive officers and key personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We
are subject to intense competition for the skilled machinists necessary to manufacture our products. 

We
are subject to intense competition for the services of skilled machinists necessary to manufacture our products and those of other companies
in the A D industry. Since the outbreak of COVID-19, the competition for skilled employees has intensified. Moreover, certain large
employers in our industry in the Northeast are currently seeking to hire a large number of skilled technicians. We are currently seeking
to hire machinists for our Long Island and Connecticut manufacturing facilities to expand our business. The demand for these individuals
may increase as other manufacturers seek to bring to the United States manufacturing processes currently outsourced overseas. If the
United States economy undergoes a period of inflation, our labor costs may increase which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
are subject to strict governmental regulations relating to the environment, which could result in fines and remediation expense in the
event of non-compliance. 

We
are required to comply with extensive and frequently changing environmental regulations at the federal, state and local levels. Among
other things, these regulatory bodies impose restrictions to control air, soil and water pollution, to protect against occupational exposure
to chemicals, including health and safety risks, and to require notification or reporting of the storage, use and release of certain
hazardous substances into the environment. This extensive regulatory framework imposes significant compliance burdens and risks on us.
In addition, these regulations may impose liability for the cost of removal or remediation of certain hazardous substances released on
or in our facilities without regard to whether we knew of, or caused, the release of such substances. Furthermore, we are required to
provide a place of employment that is free from recognized and preventable hazards that are likely to cause serious physical harm to
employees, provide notice to employees regarding the presence of hazardous chemicals and to train employees in the use of such substances.
Our operations require the use of chemicals and other materials for painting and cleaning that are classified under applicable laws as
hazardous chemicals and substances. If we are found to be in violation of any of these rules, regulations or permits, we may be subject
to fines, remediation expenses and the obligation to change our business practice, any of which could result in substantial costs that
would adversely impact our business operations and financial condition. 

11 

We
may be subject to fines and disqualification for non-compliance with Federal Aviation Administration regulations. 

We
are subject to regulation by the FAA under the provisions of the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as amended. The FAA prescribes standards
and licensing requirements for aircraft and aircraft components. We are subject to inspections by the FAA and may be subjected to fines
and other penalties (including orders to cease production) for noncompliance with FAA regulations. Our failure to comply with applicable
regulations could result in the termination of or our disqualification from some of our contracts, which could have a material adverse
effect on our operations. We have never been subject to such fines or disqualification. 

Cyber
security attacks, internal system or service failures may adversely impact our business and operations. 

Any
system or service disruptions, including those caused by projects to improve our information technology systems, if not anticipated and
appropriately mitigated, could disrupt our business and impair our ability to effectively provide products and related services to our
customers and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We could also be subject to systems failures, including network,
software or hardware failures, whether caused by us, third-party service providers, intruders or hackers, computer viruses, natural disasters,
power shortages or terrorist attacks. Cyber security threats are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, unauthorized
attempts to gain access to sensitive, confidential or otherwise protected information related to us or our products, customers or suppliers,
or other acts that could lead to disruptions in our business. Any such failures could cause loss of data and interruptions or delays
in our business, cause us to incur remediation costs or require us to pay ransom to a hacker which takes over our systems, or subject
us to claims and damage our reputation. In addition, the failure or disruption of our communications or utilities could cause us to interrupt
or suspend our operations or otherwise adversely affect our business. Although we utilize various procedures and controls to monitor
and mitigate the risk of these threats, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient. Our property
and business interruption insurance may be inadequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur as a result of any system or operational
failure or disruption which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, expenditures
incurred in implementing cyber security and other procedures and controls could adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition. 

Terrorist
acts and acts of war may seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

United
States and global responses to actual or potential military conflicts such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine, terrorism, perceived
nuclear, biological and chemical threats and other global political crises increase uncertainties with respect to the U.S. and other
business and financial markets. Several factors associated, directly or indirectly, with actual or potential military conflicts, terrorism,
perceived nuclear, biological and chemical and cyber threats, and other global political crises and responses thereto, may adversely
affect the mix of products purchased by defense departments in the United States or other countries to platforms not serviced by us.
A shift in defense budgets to product lines we do not produce could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Indebtedness 

Our
indebtedness may have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

We
have substantial indebtedness under our loan facility with Webster Loan Facility ). As of December 31, 2022, we had
approximately 18,748,000 of indebtedness outstanding under the Loan Facility. All of our indebtedness under the Loan Facility is secured
by substantially all of our assets. 

12 

We
also have approximately 6,162,000 of indebtedness outstanding in the form of subordinated notes payable on July 1, 2026. These notes
are held by related parties, specifically Michael N. Taglich (our Chairman) and Robert F. Taglich (a Director), and their affiliates. 

Notes
with a principal value of approximately 2,732,000 carry an interest rate of 6 per annum and are convertible into approximately 182,000
shares of common stock at a conversion price of 15.00 per share. Notes with a principal value of approximately 2,080,000 carry an interest
rate of 7 per annum and are convertible into approximately 224,000 shares of common stock at a conversion price of 9.30 per share. 

If we are unable to pay amounts due under our Loan Facility or the
subordinated notes when due, our operations may be materially and adversely affected. We may need to offer the holders of this debt increases
in the rates of interest they receive or otherwise compensate them through payments of cash or issuances of our equity securities. Future
financings or re-financings may involve the issuance of debt, equity and/or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for our equity securities. If we are able to consummate such financings or re-financings, the terms of such financings may adversely affect
the trading price of our common stock and the interests of our existing stockholders. Any failure to obtain additional working capital
when required would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition and may result in a decline in our stock price.
Any issuances of our common stock, preferred stock, or securities such as warrants or notes that are convertible into, exercisable or
exchangeable for, our capital stock, would have a dilutive effect on the voting and economic interest of our existing stockholders. 

Our
leverage may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations and capital needs, may limit our ability to pursue business opportunities
and may make our results of operations more susceptible to adverse economic conditions. 

The
interest rate associated with portions of our current debt may increase. 

Under the terms of the Webster Facility, amounts due to Webster bear
interest at a per annum rate equal to the greater of (i) 3.50 and (ii) a rate per annum equal to the rate per annum published from time
to time in the Money Rates table of the Wall Street Journal (or such other presentation within The Wall Street Journal as
may be adopted hereafter for such information) as the base or prime rate for corporate loans at the nation s largest commercial
bank, less sixty-five hundredths (-0.65 of one percent per annum. Consequently, the rate of interest we paid under the Facility did
not increase despite the initial increases in the target rates set by the Federal Reserve, though the more recent increases have resulted
increases in the interest rate we pay under the Webster Facility. The weighted average interest rate paid during the year-ended December
31, 2022 was 4.50 . Given current interest rates, the interest rate we pay under the Webster Facility will increase as the Federal Reserve
continues to increase its target rate of interest. In addition, under the terms of the Webster Facility we are required to maintain a
defined Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of 1.25 to 1.00 at the end of each fiscal quarter. If we were to fail to meet such covenant, Webster
would have the right to increase the rate of interest payable on amounts outstanding under the Facility. The Company was in compliance
with the covenant at December 31, 2022. The Company was in default of its covenant to provide its audited financial statements to Webster
bank within ninety (90) days of its fiscal year end. The Company has subsequently received a waiver from the bank for this default. Any
increase in the rate of interest payable under the Webster Facility would increase our interest expense and have a material adverse impact
on our on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

Our
indebtedness may limit our ability to pay dividends in the future. 

We currently do not pay dividends
and the terms of our Loan Facility require that we maintain certain financial covenants. In the future should we decide to pay dividends,
we would need to seek covenant changes or a waiver under our Loan Facility. There can be no assurance our lenders would agree to covenant
changes or waivers acceptable to us or at all. In addition, we may in the future incur indebtedness or otherwise become subject to agreements
whose terms restrict our ability to pay dividends in the future. Even if our lender would agree to allow us to pay a dividend, our Board
of Directors may choose to use the amount which could be paid as a dividend to reduce our outstanding indebtedness. 

13 

Risks
Related to our common stock 

The
price of our common stock can fluctuate. 

The
financial markets have been impacted in various ways by the reactions to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and government stimulus
programs adopted in response to the pandemic, and Russia s invasion of Ukraine and government responses thereto. The price of our
common stock has and is expected to continue to be volatile. We cannot forecast with any certainty whether and to what degree the disruption
caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, Russia s invasion of Ukraine and reactions thereto will continue to adversely impact financial
markets and the impact to our common stock. Likewise, we cannot state with certainty the degree to which financial markets were supported
by government stimulus programs and whether such support will continue as governments elect not to adopt similar measures in the future. 

The
ownership of our common stock is highly concentrated, and your interests may conflict with the interests of our existing stockholders. 

Two
of our directors, Michael N. Taglich and Robert F. Taglich, and their affiliates own a significant number of shares of our outstanding
common stock as well as a significant amount of debt convertible into our common stock, which together with their position as directors
of our Company, give them significant influence over the outcome of corporate actions, including those requiring stockholder approval
and the terms on which we complete transactions with their affiliates. The interests of these directors may be different from the interests
of other stockholders on these and other matters. This concentration of ownership could also have the effect of delaying or preventing
a change in our control or otherwise discouraging a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce
the price of our common stock. 

We
can provide no assurance that our common stock will continue to meet NYSE American listing requirements. If we fail to comply with the
continuing listing standards of the NYSE American, our common stock could be delisted. 

If
we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of the NYSE American, the NYSE American may take steps to delist our common stock.
The delisting of our common stock would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair your ability
to sell or purchase common stock when you wish to do so. 

There
is only a limited public market for our common stock. 

Our
common stock is listed on the NYSE American. However, there is only a limited number of our shares available in the public float and
the market capitalization of the shares in our public float is relatively small. The trading volume for our common stock has been limited
and a more active public market for our common stock may not develop or be sustained over time. The lack of a robust market may impair
a stockholder s ability to sell shares of our common stock. In the absence of a more active trading market, any attempt to sell
our shares could result in a decrease in the price of our stock. Specifically, you may not be able to resell your shares of common stock
at or above the price you paid for such shares or at all. 

Moreover,
sales of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could negatively impact the price of our
common stock. As a result, you may not be able to sell your shares of our common stock in short time periods, or possibly at all, and
the price per share of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 

14 

If
we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline significantly. 

Our
quarterly and annual operating results fluctuate significantly due to a variety of factors, some of which are outside our control. Accordingly,
we believe period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations are not meaningful and should not be relied upon as indications
of future performance. Some of the factors that could cause quarterly or annual operating results to fluctuate include conditions inherent
in government contracting and our business such as the timing of cost and expense recognition for contracts, the United States Government
contracting and budget cycles, introduction of new government regulations and standards, contract closeouts, variations in manufacturing
efficiencies, our ability to obtain components and subassemblies from contract manufacturers and suppliers, general economic conditions
and economic conditions specific to the defense market and disruptions caused by global events such as COVID-19 and Russia s invasion
of Ukraine. Because we base our operating expenses on anticipated revenue trends and a high percentage of our expenses are fixed in the
short term, any delay in generating or recognizing forecasted revenues could significantly harm our business. 

Fluctuations
in quarterly results or announcements of extraordinary events such as an award of a new contract, acquisitions or litigation, may cause
earnings to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. In this event, the trading price of our common stock could
significantly decline. These fluctuations, as well as general economic and market conditions, may adversely affect the future market
price of our common stock, as well as our overall operating results. Consequently, our share price may experience significant volatility
and may not necessarily reflect the value of our expected performance. 

Future
financings or acquisitions may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Future
sales or issuances of our common stock, including upon conversion of our outstanding convertible notes, upon exercise of our outstanding
warrants and options, or as part of future financings or acquisitions, would be substantially dilutive to the outstanding shares of common
stock. Any dilution or potential dilution may cause our stockholders to sell their shares, which would contribute to a downward movement
in the price of common stock. 

We
incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance
requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting, and we may be exposed to potential risks
if we are unable to comply with these requirements. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, together with rules
implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable market regulators. These rules impose various requirements on public
companies, including requiring certain corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial
amount of time to these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and
will make some activities more time-consuming and costlier. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, among other things, requires that we maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure
controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal controls over financial
reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Compliance with Section 404 may require that we incur substantial accounting expenses and expend significant
management efforts. Our testing may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material
weaknesses. In the event we identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls that we cannot remediate
in a timely manner, the market price of our stock could decline if investors and others lose confidence in the reliability of our financial
statements and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other applicable regulatory authorities. 

If
we are unable to effectively maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately or timely
report our financial results and our stock price could be adversely affected. 

Our
management determined that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting
were not effective due to certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to our review controls
related to the preparation of our income tax provision, appropriate segregation of duties with respect to and validation of data produced
by certain portions of our financial IT systems and the establishment of appropriate inventory reserves. Any failure to maintain our
controls or operation of these controls, could harm our operations, decrease the reliability of our financial reporting, and cause us
to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations, which could adversely affect our business and reduce our stock price. 

15 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
lease a 5.4-acre corporate campus in Bay Shore, New York, which houses our executive offices and a majority of our operations. This lease
expires in September 2026. We also maintain a warehouse lease nearby in Bohemia, New York. That lease term commenced on April 1, 2020
and expires on May 31, 2025. 

The
balance of our operations are conducted in a 74,923 square foot facility in Barkhamsted, Connecticut, which we own. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On October 2, 2018, Contract
Pharmacal Corp. Contract Pharmacal commenced an action, relating to a Sublease entered into between us and Contract Pharmacal
in May 2018 with respect to the property formerly occupied by our subsidiary Welding Metallurgy, Inc. WMI ), at 110 Plant
Avenue, Hauppauge, New York. In the action, Contract Pharmacal sought damages for an amount in excess of 1,000,000 for our failure to
make the entire premises available by the Sublease commencement date. On July 8, 2021, the Court denied Contract Phamacal s motion
for summary judgement. In the Order, the court granted Contract Pharmacal s Motions to drop its claim for specific performance and
to amend its Complaint to reduce its claim for damages to 700,000. Subsequently, Contract Phamacal moved to amend its Complaint. We opposed
and the Court denied the request to amend the Complaint. Contract Pharmacal filed a Motion to reargue which the Court denied on November
30, 2021. On March 10, 2022, Contract Pharmacal filed an appeal to the Court s decision with the Appellate Division which we have
opposed. We dispute the validity of the claims asserted by Contract Pharmacal, continue to believe we have a meritorious defense to those
claims and intend to dispute the validity of the claim asserted by Contract Pharmacal. 

From
time to time we may be engaged in various lawsuits and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. We are currently not
aware of any legal proceedings the ultimate outcome of which, in our judgment based on information currently available, would have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors,
officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial stockholder of our common stock, is an adverse party or has a material interest
adverse to our interest. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

16 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
for Our Common Stock 

Our
common stock is listed on the NYSE American under the symbol AIRI. 

Holders 

On May 10, 2023, there were
70 stockholders of record of our common stock. The number of record holders does not include persons who held our Common Stock in nominee
or street name accounts through brokers. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table summarizes shares of our Common Stock to be issued upon exercise of options and warrants, the weighted-average exercise
price of outstanding options and warrants and options available for future issuance pursuant to our equity compensation plans as of December
31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to Be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price Of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Remaining Shares Available for Future Securities Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 267,000 
 20.10 
 55,150 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 218,290 
 29.00 
 None 
 
 Total 
 485,290 
 
 55,150 

The provisions of each of our equity compensation plans provide that
shares covered by an award that is forfeited, expires or is settled in cash, and shares that are retained by us upon exercise of an award
to satisfy the exercise price of such award or withholding taxes due in respect of such award, are available for future issuance under
such plan provided the plan has not been terminated or expired. We anticipate that a portion of the option awards that have been granted
will expire or be forfeited without having been exercised and will increase the number of shares remaining for issuance under our equity
compensation plans. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

Except
as previously reported in our periodic reports filed under the Exchange Act, we did not issue any unregistered equity securities during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Purchases
of Our Equity Securities 

No
repurchases of our common stock were made during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

Not
required. 

17 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this report.
This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should specifically consider the various
risk factors identified in this report that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements. 

Business
Overview 

Air
Industries Group is a holding company with three legal subsidiaries, AIM, NTW and SEC. SEC began manufacturing aircraft components in
1941 over 80-years ago for use in World War II. NTW was formed in the early 1960 s and AIM has been in business
since 1971. We became a public company in 2005. 

We
manufacture aerospace components primarily for the defense industry. AIM and NTW, manufacture structural parts and assemblies focusing
on flight safety, including aircraft landing gear, arresting gear, engine mounts, flight controls, throttle quadrants, and other components.
SEC makes components and provides services for aircraft jet engines and ground-power turbines. 

Products
of AIM and NTW are currently deployed on a wide range of high-profile military and commercial aircraft including the Sikorsky UH-60 Blackhawk,
Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, Northrop Grumman E2D Hawkeye, the US Navy F-18 and USAF F-16 and F-15 fighter aircraft. They
also make a critical component for the Pratt Whitney Geared TurboFan GTF aircraft engine used on commercial airliners.
SEC makes products used in jet engines that are used on military and commercial aircraft including the USAF F-15 and F-16, the Airbus
A-330 and the Boeing 777, and others, and in addition, a number of ground-power turbine applications. 

The
aerospace market is highly competitive in both the defense and commercial sectors and we face intense competition in all areas of our
business. Nearly all of our revenues are derived by producing products to customer specifications after being awarded a contract through
a competitive bidding process. As the commercial aerospace and defense industries continue to consolidate and major contractors seek
to streamline supply chains by buying more complete sub-assemblies from fewer suppliers, we have sought to remain competitive not only
by providing cost-effective world class products and service but also by increasing our ability to produce more complex and complete
assemblies for our customers. 

We
are focused on maintaining profitability and positive cash flows from operating activities. We remain resolute on meeting customers 
needs. To take advantage of the long-term growth opportunities we see in our markets, we have made significant capital investments in
new equipment in recent years. We believe these investments will increase the velocity and efficiency of production, increase the size
of product we can make and allow us to offer additional services to our customers. Some of our investment expands our capabilities allowing
us to internally process product that was previously outsourced to third party suppliers. We are pleased with the positive responses
from our customers about these initiatives. 

Our
ability to operate profitably and generate positive cash flows from operating activities is determined by our ability to win new or renewal
contracts and fulfilling these contracts on a timely and cost effective basis. Winning a contract generally requires that we submit a
bid containing fixed prices for the product or products covered by the contract for an agreed upon period of time, sometimes for five-years
or longer, with negotiated increases to reflect a portion of the impact of inflation. Thus, when submitting bids, we are required to
estimate our future costs of production and, since we often rely upon subcontractors, the prices we can obtain from our subcontractors. 

18 

While
our revenues are largely determined by the number of contracts we are awarded, the volume of product delivered and price of product under
each contract, our costs are determined by a number of factors. The principal factors impacting our variable costs are the cost of materials
and supplies, labor, financing and the efficiency at which we can produce our products. The cost of materials used in the aerospace industry
is highly volatile. The invasion of the Ukraine by the Russian Federation and retaliatory measures imposed by the United States, United
Kingdom, the European Union and other countries, and the responses of Russia to such measures, have negatively impacted the availability
and market price of certain minerals, such as titanium, for which Russia was a source of supply. To obtain necessary raw materials at
prices deemed acceptable, we are working with those of our larger customers which have access to sources of metals necessary to manufacture
their products not readily available to us or other companies of our size. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that disruptions in
the markets for metals will not adversely impact our ability to timely meet the needs of our customers. 

In
addition, the market for the skilled labor we require to operate our plants is highly competitive. Changes in the available pool of labor
caused by Covid-19 and life-style changes in response to Covid-19 have not materially adversely impacted our ability to meet our production
schedules. Nevertheless, as we seek to grow our business, there can be no assurance that the skilled labor we need to operate our machinery
will be available to us or that the costs incurred to maintain our current labor force and those we seek to bring on will not increase. 

The
profit margin of the various products we sell varies based upon a number of factors, including the complexity of the product, the intensity
of the competition for such product and, in some cases, the ability to deliver replacement parts on short notice. Thus, in assessing
our performance from one period to another, a reader must understand that changes in profit margin can be the result of shifts in the
mix of products sold. Our operations have a large percentage of fixed factory overhead. As a result, our profit margins are also highly
variable with sales volumes as under-absorption of factory overhead decreases profits. 

Our
revenues are principally determined by orders from our customers for the delivery of product which we call releases against
LTA s with those customers. These long-term agreements generally have fixed prices for product with negotiated increases to reflect
a portion of the impact of inflation, though over the term of a LTA prices often increase and not all of the increase is covered b agreed
upon price protection clauses in our agreements. Our direct costs of production include costs for material, labor, and factory overhead;
all of these costs may vary based on the efficiency of our factory operations. Our gross profit is highly variable due to the mix of
products sold, and by sales volume, which can lead to the over absorption or under absorption of factory overhead costs. 

Beyond
these direct costs of production, we incur general and administrative costs termed Operating Expenses and financing costs for borrowed
money, income taxes and miscellaneous income and expense. 

A
very large percentage of the products we produce are used on military as opposed to civilian aircraft. These products can be replacements
for aircraft already in the fleet of the armed services or for the production of new aircraft. Reductions to the Defense Department budget
and decreased usage of aircraft reduces the demand for both new production and replacement spares and could adversely impact our business
and our revenue. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Selected
Financial Information: 

2022 
 2021 

Net sales 
 53,238,000 
 58,939,000 
 
 Cost of sales 
 45,786,000 
 48,686,000 
 
 Gross profit 
 7,452,000 
 10,253,000 
 
 Operating expenses 
 7,646,000 
 7,766,000 
 
 Interest and financing costs 
 1,338,000 
 1,265,000 
 
 Other income, net 
 139,000 
 405,000 
 
 Gain on write-off of accounts payable 
 317,000 
 - 
 
 Provision/(Benefit) from income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (1,076,000 
 1,627,000 

19 

Balance
Sheet Data: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash 
 281,000 
 627,000 
 
 Working capital 
 18,600,000 
 17,478,000 
 
 Total assets 
 53,814,000 
 53,425,000 
 
 Total stockholders equity 
 16,839,000 
 17,389,000 

Net
Sales: 

Consolidated
net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 53,238,000, a decrease of 5,701,000, or 9.7 , compared with 58,939,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in sales resulted principally from the sale of products with lower selling prices and from
contracts that expired in 2021 that were not renewed in 2022. 

As
indicated in the table below, four customers represented 76.5 and three customers represented 75.4 of total sales for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Customer 
 Percentage
 of Sales 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Goodrich
 Landing Gear Systems 
 29.3 
 37.2 
 
 Sikorsky
 Aircraft 
 21.4 
 25.7 
 
 United
 States Department of Defense 
 14.3 
 12.5 
 
 Rohr 
 11.5 

Customer
 was less than 10 of sales for the year-ended December 31, 2021 

As
indicated in the table below, three customers represented 70.3 and three customers represented 74.7 of gross accounts receivable
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Customer 
 Percentage
 of Receivables 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Goodrich
 Landing Gear Systems 
 33.1 
 50.3 
 
 Rohr 
 23.6 
 12.7 
 
 Sikorsky 
 13.6 

United
 States Department of Defense 
 
 11.7 

Customer
 was less than 10 of accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 

Customer
 was less than 10 of accounts receivable at December 31, 2021 

Gross
Profit: 

Consolidated gross profit
from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 7,452,000, a decrease of 2,801,000, or 27.3 , as compared to gross profit of
 10,253,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Consolidated gross profit as a percentage of sales was 14.0 and 17.4 for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These decreases were attributable to lower sales and the mix of products sold during 2022
as compared to 2021. The Company also corrected its policy for determining the reserve for slow-moving and excess inventory which led
to an increase in the reserve, further decreasing the gross profit and gross profit percentage. 

20 

Operating
Expenses 

Consolidated operating expenses were 7,646,000 and 7,766,000 for
fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing a decrease of 120,000 or 1.5 . As a percentage of consolidated net sales, operating
expenses were 14.4 and 13.2 for fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were increase in cost related to employment costs, including
employee health benefits which were not passed on to the employees, increases in investor relations and increased travel costs resulting
from the resumption of travel to customers as Covid-19 restrictions eased. The increased costs were primarily offset by reductions in
expenses related to information technology and the recovery of bad debt. 

Gain on write-off of Accounts Payable 

During the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company, reviewed all
old outstanding payables that were not paid and based on the statute of limitations, a claim would no longer be enforceable. The Company
determined that approximately 317,000 of old payables fell into this category. This adjustment is recorded as Write-off of accounts payable
on the accompanying Statement of Operations. 

Interest
and Financing Costs 

Our
interest and financing costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 1,338,000, an increase of 73,000 or 5.8 from 1,265,000
in 2021, as a result of higher interest rates on our Loan Facility during 2022. The average interest rate charged was 4.50 and 3.50 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Net
(Loss) Income 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,076,000, compared
to net income of 1,627,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, for the reasons discussed above. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Our
material cash requirements are for debt service, capital expenditures and funding working capital/operating costs. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have debt service requirements related to: 

1) 
 Our
 Webster Facility of 18,748,000 consisting of a Revolving Loan of 13,352,000 and a term loan in the amount of 5,396,000. 

2) 
 Related
 party debt consisting of convertible subordinated note payables of 4,812,000 and subordinated note payables of 1,350,000. This
 debt is not due until July 1, 2026. We are permitted to make principal payments against this debt in the amount of 250,000 per quarter
 pursuant to the Third Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement with Webster, as long as certain conditions are met. On July
 14, 2022, a principal payment in the amount of 250,000 was made as the conditions for such payment were met for the first quarter
 of 2022. 

3) 
 Various
 equipment leases and contractual obligations related to our normal business. 

We have historically met our cash requirements with funds provided
by a combination of cash generated from operating activities and cash generated from equity and debt financing transactions. Based on
our current revenue visibility and strength of our backlog, we believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our short-term cash requirements
over the next twelve months. On May 17, 2022, we entered into the Fourth Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement with Webster. The
purpose of the amendment was to increase the Term Loan to 5,000,000, reduce the monthly principal installments to be made in respect
to the term loan and establish a capital expenditure line of credit in the amount of 2,000,000 which we can draw upon from time to time
to finance purchases of machinery and equipment, thereby increasing the amount of capital expenditures we may make each year. During December
2022 we borrowed 878,000 for a capital expenditure and again in January 2023 we borrowed 739,500 for an additional capital expenditure. 

For so long as the Webster
term loan remains outstanding, if Excess Cash Flow (as defined) is a positive amount for any Fiscal Year, we are obligated to pay Webster
an amount equal to the lesser of (i) twenty-five percent (25 of the Excess Cash Flow and (ii) the outstanding principal balance of the
term loan. Such payment shall be made to Webster and applied to the outstanding principal balance of the term loan, on or prior to the
April 15 immediately following such Fiscal Year. As required, we provided the calculation for the Excess Cash Flow payment of 208,000
for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to Webster prior to the April 15, 2023 deadline for such payment. Additionally, we authorized
such payment to be made from the Revolving Loan. As of the date of this filing, such payment has not been processed by Webster. 

21 

Because we believe that our sales in 2023 will be comparable to those
of 2022, we believe our liquidity will remain stable, though our borrowing costs would increase if prevailing interest rates increased
or we failed to meet our covenant in the Webster Facility. As a result of recent increases in the federal funds borrowing rate, interest
rates and related expense under our Webster Facility are expected to increase from current levels, which could be significant. However,
such increases are not expected to materially impact our liquidity. Nevertheless, our liquidity may be adversely impacted by various risks
and uncertainties, including, but not limited to future and current impacts of global events such as a widespread health crisis, the continuation
of the war in the Ukraine, the outbreak of another conflict and the ongoing tensions between the United States and China, increases in
inflation, disruptions in the labor market and other risks detailed in Part 1, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 

In
addition to our loan with Webster and Subordinated Notes, we have various equipment leases and contractual obligations of an ongoing
nature which we service in the ordinary course out of our cash flow from operations. Substantially all of these obligations are described
in the notes to our financial statements included in this report 

Changes
in our cash flow during fiscal 2022 are discussed further below. 

Cash
Flow 

The
following table summarizes our net cash flow from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Year
 Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash
 provided by (used in) 

Operating
 activities 
 448 
 4,064 
 
 Investing
 activities 
 (2,361 
 (1,364 
 
 Financing
 activities 
 1,567 
 (4,578 
 
 Net
 (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (346 
 (1,878 

Cash
Provided By Operating Activities 

Cash
provided by or used in operating activities reflects our net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes to working capital
items. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, net loss of (1,076,000) and 3,094,000 of non-cash items, consisting primarily of employee and director stock-based compensation
of 526,000, amortization of right-of-use assets of 545,000, depreciation of property and equipment of 2,522,000 and Impairment of Goodwill
of 163,000 were partially offset by non-cash other income recognized in the amount of 94,000, a reduction in bad debt expense in the
amount of 313,000 and accounts payable write-offs in the amount of 317,000. Operating assets and liabilities used cash in the net amount
of 1,570,000, consisting primarily of the net increases in inventory, deposits and other assets and prepaid expenses, taxes and other
current assets of 2,289,000, 194,000 and 87,000, respectively, and net decreases in operating lease liabilities, customer deposits
and deferred payroll tax expense-CARES ACT in the amounts of 686,000, 439,000 and 314,000, which were partially offset by a decrease
in accounts receivable of 1,303,000 and an increase in accounts payable in the amount of 1,136,000. 

Cash
Used In Investing Activities 

Cash
used in investing activities consists of cash used for capital expenditures for property and equipment. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, cash used in investing activities was 2,361,000. This was primarily for the purchase of state-of-the-art machinery. 

22 

Cash
Provided by Financing Activities 

Cash
provided by financing activities consists of the borrowings and repayments under our credit facilities with our senior lender, Webster,
increases in and repayments of finance lease obligations and other notes payable. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities
was 1,567,000. This was comprised of net borrowings of 916,000 on our Webster revolving loan, increased borrowings of 2,823,000 under
the Webster term loan, offset by repayments of 1,609,000 on our Webster term loan, and payments on our financed lease obligations, related
party notes and our financed asset note payables in the amounts of 284,000, 250,000 and 9,000, respectively. 

CONTRACTUAL
OBLIGATIONS 

For a discussion of our contractual obligations see Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 8. Debt and Note 9. Operating Lease Liabilities . 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

A
critical accounting policy is one that is both important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results of operations
and requires management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgements, often as a result of the need to make estimates about
the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Our
consolidated financial statements are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). All applicable U.S. GAAP accounting standards effective as of December 31, 2022 have been taken into consideration
in preparing the consolidated financial statements. The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures. Some of those estimates are subjective
and complex, and consequently, actual results could differ from those estimates. The following accounting policies and estimates have
been highlighted as significant because changes to certain judgements and assumptions inherent in these policies could affect our consolidated
financial statements: 

Inventory Valuation, which includes the estimates and methodology used
in accounting for the transition of production costs to inventory costs. In our financial statements, inventory is reflected at the
lower of cost or net realizable value including write-downs for obsolescence, slow moving and excess inventory; and 

Income Taxes, which includes the determination of the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. 

See Note 2 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more complete description of our significant accounting policies. 

23 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 

No
disclosure is required in response to this Item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Consolidated
Financial Statements 

The
financial statements required by this item begin on page F-1 hereof. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

An evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO ), our principal executive officer, and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), our principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation,
the CEO and CFO concluded for the reasons discussed below that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December
31, 2022, to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act,
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that management
document and test the Company s internal controls over financial reporting and include in this Annual Report, as term is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, and include in this Form 10-K a report on management s assessment of the
effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Internal controls over financial reporting refers to those policies, procedures and processes that pertain to the maintenance of records
that accurately and fairly reflect transactions with respect to our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts
and expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations of our management; and provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention
and timely detection of unauthorized transactions with respect to our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because
of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

24 

Our management relies upon
the criteria established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013 framework) in designing a system intended to meet the needs of our Company and provide reasonable assurance for its assessment. 

In connection with their review
of our internal controls over financial reporting for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022, as a result of
certain material weaknesses discovered during the course of their review. 

In particular, we have outsourced
certain IT related functions to a third-party vendor and have identified a material weakness with respect to our IT systems in that we
did not design and/or implement primary user access controls and program change management systems over key information technology systems
to validate that data produced by the relevant IT systems were complete and accurate and to ensure appropriate segregation of duties to
adequately restrict user and privileged access to the financially relevant systems and data to the Company s personnel. Further,
we have identified a material weakness with respect to the activities of such vendor in connection with the design and operation of our
IT systems in that because this vendor is unable to provide a SOC 1 (Standard Operating Control) Report, we are unable to verify and validate
the effectiveness of the vendor s control procedures when implementing changes to our IT systems, including systems affecting our
financial IT applications and underlying data account records. We also identified a material weakness
related to the effectiveness of management s review controls over the determination if the methodology used in determining the appropriate
reserves to be taken with respect to certain excess quantities and slow moving inventory was operating at a level to prevent or detect
a potential material misstatement. The Company determined that the estimates used in prior periods could not be substantiated by actual
results and updated it methodology. We have also identified a material weakness relating to the effectiveness of management's review controls
over the income tax provision in our financial footnotes, such that management's review procedures were not operating at a level of precision
to prevent or detect a potential material misstatement in our consolidated financial statements. 

We are currently assessing the actions that need to be taken to remedy
each of the material weaknesses identified above. With respect to those weaknesses related to the calculation of our inventory reserve
and the review of our tax management provision, we intend to promptly establish written controls and operating procedures to address the
issue. With respect to the material weaknesses related to our IT systems, we intend to meet with the third-party vendor to determine the
actions to be taken to address each of the weaknesses and consider what actions need to be taken if the issues cannot be adequately addressed.
Each of the material weaknesses noted will only be deemed to have been remediated after the new controls and procedures have been in place
for a sufficient period and management has concluded through appropriate testing that the controls are operating effectively. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. The rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission do not require an attestation of the Management s report by our
registered public accounting firm in this annual report. 

Change
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have not been any changes
in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during
our most recently completed fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 which is the subject of this report that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 

Not
Applicable 

25 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our directors and executive officers are: 

Name: 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Luciano (Lou) Melluzzo 
 58 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Michael E. Recca 
 72 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Michael N. Taglich 
 57 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 Robert F. Taglich 
 56 
 Director 
 
 David J. Buonanno 
 67 
 Director 
 
 Peter D. Rettaliata 
 72 
 Director 
 
 Michael Brand 
 65 
 Director 
 
 Michael D. Porcelain 
 54 
 Director 

Luciano (Lou) Melluzzo 
has been our President and Chief Executive Officer since November 15, 2017. He joined our company on September 11, 2017 as Chief Executive
Officer. From November 2003 to September 2011, Mr. Melluzzo was employed in various capacities by EDAC Technologies Corporation EDAC rising to the level of Chief Operating Officer in 2005. EDAC is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of precision aerospace components
and assemblies, precision spindles and complex fixturing, tooling and gauging with design and build capabilities, whose shares were then
listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. From September 2011 to November 2015, Mr. Melluzzo was self-employed in the residential real estate
redevelopment industry. From November 2015 to January 2017, he was general manager of Polar Corporation, a privately-held company specializing
in computer numeric controlled milling and turning of small hardware components for the aerospace industry. 

Michael E. Recca has
been our Chief Financial Officer since October 1, 2016. Mr. Recca has been engaged by us since September 2008 in a variety of positions
related to our capital finance and acquisition programs. Most recently he served as Chief of Corporate Development Capital
Markets, a position in which he directed our acquisition program and coordinated with our lenders. Mr. Recca received a Bachelor of Arts
degree from the SUNY Stony Brook and an MBA from Columbia University. 

Michael N. Taglich has
been Chairman of our Board of Directors since September 22, 2008. He is Chairman and President of Taglich Brothers, a New York City based
securities firm which he co-founded in 1992. Mr. Taglich is currently Chairman of the Board of Mare Island Dry Dock LLC, a company engaged
in ship repair services, He also serves as a Director of two other public companies, Bridgeline Digital Inc. and Decision Point Systems
Inc., as well as a number of private companies. 

Robert F. Taglich has
been a director of our Company since 2008. He is a Managing Director of Taglich Brothers, which he co-founded in 1992. Prior to founding
Taglich Brothers, Mr. Taglich was a Vice President at Weatherly Securities. Mr. Taglich has served in various positions in the securities
brokerage industry for the past 25 years Mr. Taglich holds a Bachelor s degree from New York University. 

David J. Buonanno has
been a director of our Company since 2008. He is the Founder and President of Buonanno Enterprises Consulting, providing strategic management,
supply chain/operations and recruitment services to aerospace and defense industry clients. Mr. Buonanno has extensive experience in manufacturing,
supply management and operations. He was employed by Sikorsky Aircraft, Inc., a subsidiary of United Technologies Corporation, as Vice
President, Supply Management and International Offset (from January 1997 to July 2006) and as Director, Systems Subcontracts (from November
1992 to January 1997). From May 1987 to November 1992, he was employed by General Electric Company serving as Operations Manager and Manager,
Program Materials Management of GE s Astro-Space Division. From June 1977 to May 1987, he was employed by RCA and affiliated companies.
Mr. Buonanno attended Lehigh University College of Electrical Engineering and holds a B.S. in Business Administration from Rutgers University.
He completed the Program for Management Development at Harvard Business School in 1996. 

26 

Peter D. Rettaliata 
has been a director of our Company since 2005. He served as our Acting President and Chief Executive Officer from March 2, 2017 to November
15, 2017 and served as our President and Chief Executive Officer from November 30, 2005 to December 31, 2014. He also served as the President
of our wholly-owned subsidiary, AIM, from 1994 to 2008. Prior to his involvement at AIM, Mr. Rettaliata was employed by Grumman Aerospace
Corporation for twenty-two years, as the Senior Procurement Officer. Professionally, Mr. Rettaliata has served as the Chairman of ADDAPT ,
an organization of regional aerospace companies, as a member of the Board of Governors of the Aerospace Industries Association, and as
a member of the Executive Committee of the AIA Supplier Council. He is a graduate of Niagara University where he received a B.A. in History
and Harvard Business School where he completed the PMD Program. 

Michael Brand has been
a director of our Company since 2012. He enjoyed a successful 32-year career in aerospace manufacturing primarily focused on jet
engines and landing gear. In 2005, he joined Goodrich as President of Goodrich Landing Gear. Prior to joining Goodrich, he had senior
management roles at GE Aircraft Engines and Teleflex Aerospace. Mr. Brand has a BS from Clarkson University, with advanced degrees
and certificates from Xavier University and the Wharton School. 

Michael Porcelain has
been a director of our Company since October 23, 2017. Mr. Porcelain has been a CPA since 1996 and is currently the President and
CEO of The Independent Adviser Corporation, a privately held company which operates various internet websites including TheAdviser.com,
1800ADVISER.com and IRSADVISER.com, all of which relate to the financial planning and advisory industries. From 2006 through 2022, Mr.
Porcelain served in several executive positions including service as a member of the Board of Directors of Comtech Telecommunications
Corp., Comtech a publicly traded company and a leading global provider of next-generation 911 emergency systems and secure
wireless communications technologies. He was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Comtech in January 2022 and President of Comtech in
January 2020. He also served as Comtech Chief Operating Officer from October 2018 to January 2022. Prior to holding these positions,
he served as Comtech s Chief Financial Officer from 2006 through 2018, and from 2002 to March 2006, he served as Comtech s
Vice President of Finance and Internal Audit. 

From 1998 to 2002, Mr. Porcelain
was Director of Corporate Profit and Business Planning for Symbol Technologies, a mobile wireless information solutions company. Previously,
he spent five years in public accounting holding various positions, including Manager in the Transaction Advisory Services Group of PricewaterhouseCoopers.
In March 2021, Mr. Porcelain was elected to the Board of Directors of The Fund for Modern Court, an independent court reform organization
that advocates for the improvements of the New York State Court system to ensure a diverse, highly qualified, and independent judiciary.
Since 1998, he has owned and operated The Independent Adviser Corporation, a privately held company which holds the rights to use certain
intellectual properties and trademarks (including various Internet websites) related to the financial planning and advisory industry. 

Mr. Porcelain has served as
an Adjunct Professor at St. John s University located in New York where he taught graduate level accounting courses. Mr. Porcelain
has a B.S. in Business Economics from State University of Oneonta, New York, a M.S. in Accounting and an M.B.A. degree from Binghamton
University. 

Michael N. Taglich and Robert
F. Taglich are brothers. 

All directors hold office
until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Officers are elected by
and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Employee directors do not receive any compensation for their services as directors.
Non-employee directors are entitled to receive compensation for serving as directors and may receive option or stock grants from our company. 

Information Concerning the Board of Directors 

Board Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 

The Board does not have a
policy requiring separation of the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. The Board has determined that a non-employee
director serving as Chairman is in the best interests of our stockholders at this time. This structure ensures a greater role of non-employee
Directors in the active oversight of our business, including risk management oversight, and in setting agendas and establishing Board
priorities and procedures. This structure also allows the Chief Executive Officer to focus to a greater extent on the management of our
day-to-day operations. 

27 

The Board of Directors as
a whole is responsible for consideration and oversight of the risks we face and is responsible for ensuring that material risks are identified
and managed appropriately. Certain risks are overseen by committees of the Board of Directors and these committees make reports to the
full Board of Directors, including reports on noteworthy risk-management issues. Members of the Company s senior management team
regularly report to the full Board about their areas of responsibility and a component of these reports is the risks within their areas
of responsibility and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. Additional review or reporting on risks is
conducted as needed or as requested by the Board or one of its committees. 

Board Independence 

Our Board of Directors has
determined that David Buonanno, Peter Rettaliata, Michael Brand and Michael Porcelain are independent directors within the
meaning of NYSE American Rule 803A(2). 

Director Compensation 

Non-employee Directors are
entitled to receive compensation for serving as directors and may receive option grants from our company. Each Director also is entitled
to be repaid or prepaid all traveling, hotel and incidental expenses reasonably incurred or expected to be incurred in attending meetings
of our Board of Directors or committees of our Board of Directors or stockholder meetings or otherwise in connection with the discharge
of his duties as a Director. The compensation committee will assist the directors in reviewing and approving the compensation structure
for our directors. 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the compensation paid to, earned by or accrued for, our directors during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid In Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) (1) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Michael Taglich 
 
 63,254 
 3,763 

67,017 
 
 Robert Taglich 
 
 63,254 
 3,763 

67,017 
 
 David Buonanno 
 34,093 
 
 3,763 

37,856 
 
 Michael Brand 
 34,093 
 
 3,763 

37,856 
 
 Michael Porcelain 
 
 52,021 
 3,763 

55,784 
 
 Peter Rettaliata 
 
 37,501 
 3,763 

41,264 

(1) 
 Director fees paid in shares. 

Board Meetings; Committees and Membership 

The Board of Directors held
four meetings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and each of the directors attended more than 75 of the aggregate of (i)
the number of meetings of the Board of Directors and (ii) the number of meetings of all committees of the Board on which such director
served. 

We maintain the following
committees of the Board of Directors: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee. Each committee is
comprised entirely of directors who are independent within the meaning of NYSE American Rule 803A(2). Each committee acts
pursuant to a separate written charter, and each such charter has been adopted and approved by the Board of Directors. Copies of the committee
charters are available on our website at airindustriesgroup.com under the heading Investor Relations. 

Audit Committee . Messrs.
Porcelain, Brand and Buonanno are members of the Audit Committee. Mr. Porcelain serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee and also qualifies
as an audit committee financial expert, as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. The Board has determined
that each member of our Audit Committee meets the financial literacy requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and SEC rules and the independence
requirements under NYSE American Rule 803A(2). 

28 

Our Audit Committee is responsible
for preparing reports, statements and charters of audit committees required by the federal securities laws, as well as: 

overseeing and monitoring the integrity of our consolidated financial statements, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to financial statements or accounting matters, and our internal accounting and financial controls; 

preparing the report that SEC rules require be included in our annual proxy statement; 

overseeing and monitoring our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, independence and performance; 

providing the Board with the results of its monitoring and its recommendations; and 

providing to the Board additional information
 and materials as it deems necessary to make the Board aware of significant financial matters that require the attention of the Board. 
 
 The Audit Committee held four meetings during
 fiscal 2022. 

Compensation Committee .
Our Compensation Committee is composed of Messrs. Rettaliata, Brand and Buonanno. 

The Compensation Committee
is responsible for: 

establishing our company s general compensation policy, in consultation with senior management, and overseeing the development and implementation of compensation programs; 

reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the CEO, and evaluating the performance of the CEO at least annually in light of those goals and objectives and communicating the results of such evaluation to the CEO and the Board, and determining the CEO s compensation level based on this evaluation, subject to ratification by the independent directors on the Board. In determining the incentive component of CEO compensation, the Committee will consider, among other factors, the performance of our company and relative stockholder return, the value of similar incentive awards to CEOs at comparable companies, the awards given to the CEO in past years, and such other factors as the Committee may determine to be appropriate; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all other executive officers of our company, such other managers as may be directed by the Board, and the directors of our company; 

overseeing the Board s benefit and equity compensation plans, overseeing the activities of the individuals and committees responsible for administering these plans, and discharging any responsibilities imposed on the Committee by any of these plans; 

approving issuances under, or any material amendments to, any stock option or other similar plan pursuant to which a person not previously an employee or director of our company, as an inducement material to the individual s entering into employment with our company, will acquire stock or options; 

in consultation with management, overseeing regulatory compliance with respect to compensation matters, including overseeing the company s policies on structuring compensation programs to preserve related tax objectives; 

reviewing and approving any severance or similar termination payments proposed to be made to any current or former officer of our company; and 

preparing an annual report on executive compensation
 for inclusion in our proxy statement for the election of directors, if required under the applicable SEC rules. 

The Compensation Committee held two meetings during
 fiscal 2022. 

Nominating Committee .
Our Nominating Committee is composed of Messrs. Rettaliata, Brand and Porcelain. The purpose of the Nominating Committee is to seek and
nominate qualified candidates for election or appointment to our Board of Directors. The Nominating Committee held one meeting during
fiscal 2022. 

29 

The Nominating Committee will
seek candidates for election and appointment that possess the integrity, leadership skills and competency required to direct and oversee
the Company s management in the best interests of its stockholders, customers, employees, communities it serves and other affected
parties. 

A candidate must be willing
to regularly attend Committee and Board of Directors meetings, to develop a strong understanding of our company, its businesses and its
requirements, to contribute his or her time and knowledge to our company and to be prepared to exercise his or her duties with skill and
care. In addition, each candidate should have an understanding of all corporate governance concepts and the legal duties of a director
of a public company. 

Stockholders may contact the
Nominating Committee Chairman, the Chairman of the Board or the Corporate Secretary in writing when proposing a nominee. This correspondence
should include a detailed description of the proposed nominee s qualifications and a method to contact that nominee if the Nominating
Committee so chooses. 

Stockholder Communications 

Any stockholder who desires
to contact any of our Directors can write to Air Industries Group, 1460 Fifth Avenue, Bay Shore, New York 11706, Attention: Stockholder
Relations. Your letter should indicate that you are an Air Industries Group stockholder. Depending on the subject matter, our stockholder
relations personnel will: 

forward the communication to the Director(s) to whom it is addressed; 

forward the communication to the appropriate management personnel; 

attempt to handle the inquiry directly, for example where it is a request for information about the Company, or it is a stock-related matter; or 

not forward the communication if it is primarily commercial in nature or if it relates to an improper or irrelevant topic. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a written
code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officers, senior financial officers and persons performing similar functions. Our
code of ethics is available on our website and upon written request to our corporate secretary, we will provide you with a copy, without
cost. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following summary compensation
table shows, for the periods indicated, information regarding the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to each individual that served
as our principal executive officer during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and each other executive officer whose compensation
for the 2022 fiscal year exceeded 100,000 for all services rendered in all capacities to our company and its subsidiaries. The individuals
listed in the following table are referred to herein collectively as our Named Executive Officers. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock awards ) 
 Option awards ) 
 Non-equity Incentive Plan Information ) 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Luciano Melluzzo 
 2022 
 352,692 

79,600 
 101,500 
 
 10,800 (1) 
 544,592 
 
 President and CEO 
 2021 
 350,000 

207,000 
 148,750 
 
 10,800 (1) 
 716,550 

Michael Recca 
 2022 
 251,921 

39,800 
 43,500 
 
 5,400 (1) 
 340,621 
 
 CFO 
 2021 
 249,998 

124,000 
 67,750 
 
 5,400 (1) 
 447,148 

(1) 
 Represents car allowance. 

30 

Our executive officers named
in the above table do not have employment agreements providing for a fixed term of employment. Both are employees at will, terminable
at any time without any severance, other than that payable to employees generally. 

Executive Compensation Policies as They Relate to Risk Management 

The Compensation Committee
and management have considered whether our compensation policies might encourage inappropriate risk taking by the Company s executive
officers and other employees. The Compensation Committee has determined that the current compensation structure aligns the interests of
the executive officers with those of the Company without providing rewards for excessive risk taking by awarding a mix of fixed and performance
based or discretionary bonuses with the performance-based compensation focused on profits as opposed to revenue growth. 

The Compensation Committee
working with management adopts a plan each year intended to award members of our management including executive officers for meeting or
exceeding targeted goals, The Committee believes the amounts to be paid to Messrs. Melluzzo and Recca for services rendered in fiscal
2022 are appropriate in light of the significant improvement in our financial performance 2022. 

Equity Awards 2022 

The following table shows
the grant of stock option awards to the Named Executive Officers during 2022. 

GRANT OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS 

All Other Option Awards: Number of 
 Grant Date Fair Value 

Securities Underlying 
 of Stock and Option 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date 
 Options (#) 
 Awards ) 
 
 Luciano Melluzzo 
 4/11/2022 
 20,000 (1) 
 79,600 
 
 Michael Recca 
 4/11/2022 
 10,000 (1) 
 39,800 

Each named executive officer was granted options
to purchase the number of shares indicated at a price of 8.30 per share during a period ended March 31, 2027. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Year-End 

The following table shows
certain information regarding outstanding equity awards held by our Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 
 
 Luciano Melluzzo 
 6,666 
 13,334 
 8.30 
 3/31/2027 

18,000 
 6,000 
 12.20 
 7/31/2026 

15,000 
 5,000 
 13.90 
 3/31/2026 

20,000 20,000 27,000 
 
 10.30 8.80 15.00 
 3/31/2025 1/31/2024 9/30/2024 

Michael Recca 
 3,333 12,500 7,500 10,000 
 6,667 4,166 2,500 
 8.30 12.20 13.90 10.30 
 3/31/2027 7/31/2026 3/31/2026 3/31/2025 

9,000 
 
 8.80 
 1/31/2024 

5,000 
 
 14.20 
 7/24/2024 

31 

Equity Incentive Plans 

We have five equity incentive
plans all of which are substantially identical except as to the number of awards which may be granted, pursuant to which we can grant
awards with respect to an aggregate of 350,000 shares of our common stock. We have the right to grant awards pursuant to each plan until
the tenth anniversary of the date on which it was approved by our stockholders. The 2022 Equity Incentive Plan authorizes grants
as to 100,000 shares and was approved by our stockholders approved in June 22, 2022; the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan authorizes grants
as to 120,000 shares and was approved by our stockholders in October 3, 2017; the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan authorizes grants as to 35,000
shares and was approved by our stockholders in November 2016, the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan authorizes grants as to 35,000 shares and
was approved by our stockholders in June 2015, and the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan authorizes grants as to 60,000 shares and was approved
by our stockholders approved in July 2013. 

The Plans permit the Company
to grant stock awards and non-qualified and incentive stock options to employees, directors and consultants. The Plans are administered
by the Compensation Committee of the Board and each has a term of ten years from the date it was adopted by the Board. 

We adopted the Plans to provide
a means by which employees, directors, and consultants of our Company and those of our subsidiaries and other designated affiliates, which
we refer to together as our affiliates, may be given an opportunity to purchase our common stock, to assist in retaining the services
of such persons, to secure and retain the services of persons capable of filling such positions, and to provide incentives for such persons
to exert maximum efforts for our success and the success of our affiliates. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
information known to us regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of May 10, 2023 by (i) each person known by us to own beneficially
more than 5 of our outstanding Common Stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) our chief executive officer and the other Named Executive
Officers, and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

Except as otherwise indicated,
we believe, based on information provided by each of the individuals named in the table below, that such individuals have sole investment
and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community property laws, where applicable. As of May 10, 2023, we had outstanding
3,259,367 shares of Common Stock. Except as stated in the table, the address of the holder is c/o our company, 1460 Fifth Avenue, Bay
Shore, New York 11706 

Directors and Executive Officers: 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percent 
 
 Michael N. Taglich 
 678,642 (1) 
 19.37 
 
 Robert F. Taglich 
 464,240 (2) 
 13.45 
 
 Peter D. Rettaliata 
 31,954 (3) 

David Buonanno 
 10,203 (4) 

Michael Brand 
 16,651 (5) 

Michael Porcelain 
 29,483 (6) 

Luciano Melluzzo, President and CEO 
 117,334 (7) 
 3.49 
 
 Michael Recca, CFO 
 46,500 (8) 
 1.41 
 
 All Directors and Executive Officers as a group (8 persons owning shares) 
 1,369,262 (9) 
 35.29 

Beneficial Ownership of More Than 5 of Shares: 

Richmond Brothers, Inc. 
 224,238 (10) 
 6.88 (10) 
 
 David S. Richman 
 315,396 (10) 
 9.50 (10) 
 
 Matthew J. Curfman 
 232,273 (10) 
 7.06 (10) 

Less
than 1 

32 

(1) 
 Includes 410,690 shares owned by Mr. Taglich, 23,995 shares owned by Taglich Brothers, 236,907 shares he may acquire upon conversion of convertible notes (including 17,228 shares which may be acquired by Taglich Brothers), but excluding shares for accrued interest thereon, 1,750 shares he may acquire upon exercise of warrants (including 1,750 shares which may be acquired by Taglich Brothers) and 5,300 shares he may acquire upon exercise of options, in each case exercisable within 60 days. 

(2) 
 Includes 242,584 shares owned by Mr. Taglich, 23,995 shares owned by Taglich Brothers, 4,476 shares owned by custodial accounts for the benefit of his children under the NY UGMA, 186,135 shares he may acquire upon conversion of convertible notes (including 17,228 shares that may be acquired by Taglich Brothers), but excluding shares for accrued interest thereon, 1,750 shares he may acquire upon exercise of warrants (including 1,750 shares which may be acquired by Taglich Brothers, and 5,300 shares he may acquire upon exercise of options, in each case exercisable within 60 days. 

(3) 
 Includes 10,100 shares he may acquire upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days. 

(4) 
 Includes 5,400 shares he may acquire upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days. 

(5) 
 Includes 10,400 shares he may acquire upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days. 

(6) 
 
 (7) 
 
 Includes 5,400 shares he may acquire upon exercise of options exercisable
 within 60 days. 
 
 Includes 107,334 shares he may acquire upon exercise of options exercisable
 within 60 days. 

(8) 
 Represents shares he may acquire upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days. 

(9) 
 Includes 423,042 shares that may be acquired upon conversion of convertible notes, 1,750 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of warrants and 195,734 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of options, in each case exercisable within 60 days. 

(10) 
 The information set forth below is based on the amended
Schedule 13D filed with the SEC and the Company on October 22, 2021 reflecting ownership as of that date. By virtue of their Joint
Filing Agreement, dated October 9, 2018, the persons and entities affirm their membership in a group under SEC Rule 13d-5(b) and
the group is deemed to beneficially own all of the shares beneficially owned by the group members. The beneficial ownership of each of
the group members was disclosed as follows, based upon 3,259,367 shares outstanding: 

Sole 
Voting 
Power 

Shared 
Voting Power 

Sole 
Dispositive 
Power 

Shared 
Dispositive 
Power 

Total 

Percent 

Richmond Brothers, Inc. (a) 

224,238 
 # 

224,238 
 # 

6.88 

RBI Private Investment II, LLC 

1,534 

1,534 

1,534 

RBI Private Investment III, LLC 

82,506 
 + 

82,506 
 + 

82,506 
 + 

2.53 

RBI PI Manager, LLC (b) 

84,040 
 + 

84,040 
 + 

84,040 
 + 

2.58 

Richmond Brothers 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan 

7,120 

7,120 

7,120 

David S. Richmond (c) 

84,040 
 + 

7,120 

84,040 
 + 

224,238 
 # 

315,396 
 +# 

9.68 

Matthew J. Curfman (d) 

916 

7,120 

916 

224,238 
 # 

232,273 
 # 

7.13 

(a) 
 Held as investment advisor to certain separately managed accounts. 

33 

(b) 
 Includes the shares owned by RBI Private Investment II, LLC and RBI Private Investment III, LLC. 

(c) 
 Sole voting and dispositive power includes shares owned by Mr. Richmond directly and by RBI Private Investment II, LLC and RBI Private Investment III, LLC. Shared voting and dispositive power includes shares owned by Richmond Brothers, Inc. and the Profit Sharing Plan. 

(d) 
 Sole voting and dispositive power includes shares owned by Mr. Curfman. Shared voting and dispositive power includes shares owned by Richmond Brothers, Inc. and the Profit Sharing Plan. 

# Includes 31,200 shares which may be acquired upon exercise
of warrants. 

+ Includes 28,000 shares which may be acquired upon exercise
of warrants. 

Less than 1 percent 

The address for Richmond Brothers, Inc.,
RBI Private Investment I, LLC, RBI Private Investment II, LLC, RBI PI Manager, LLC, Richmond Brothers 401(k)
Profit Sharing Plan, David S. Richmond and Matthew J. Curfman is 3568 Wildwood Avenue, Jackson, Michigan 49202. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Our Policy Concerning Transactions with Related Persons 

Under Item 404 of SEC Regulation
S-K, a related person transaction is any actual or proposed transaction, arrangement or relationship or series of similar transactions,
arrangements or relationships, including those involving indebtedness not in the ordinary course of business, to which we or our subsidiaries
were or are a party, or in which we or our subsidiaries were or are a participant, in which the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the
lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which
any of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers, beneficial owners of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities
(a significant shareholder ), or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest. 

We recognize that transactions
between us and any of our Directors or Executives or with a third party in which one of our officers, directors or significant shareholders
has an interest can present potential or actual conflicts of interest and create the appearance that our decisions are based on considerations
other than the best interests of our Company and stockholders. 

The Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors is charged with responsibility for reviewing, approving and overseeing any transaction between the Company and any
related person (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K), including the propriety and ethical implications of any such transactions,
as reported or disclosed to the Committee by the independent auditors, employees, officers, members of the Board of Directors or otherwise,
and to determine whether the terms of the transaction are not less favorable to us than could be obtained from an unaffiliated party. 

There were no transactions completed by us since
January 1, 2022, in which the amount involved exceeded 120,000 and in which any related person has a direct or indirect material interest,
except that during 2022 we paid 250,000 to Michael Taglich in respect of amounts due Mr. Taglich pursuant to a subordinated note. There
are no transactions currently proposed by us in which a related party has a direct or indirect financial interest in which the amount
involved exceeds 120,000. 

34 

Board Independence 

Our Board of Directors has
determined that David Buonanno, Peter Rettaliata, Michael Brand and Michael Porcelain are independent directors within the
meaning of NYSE American Rule 803A(2). 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

As required by our Audit Committee
charter, our Audit Committee pre-approved the engagement of Marcum LLP for all audit and permissible non-audit services. The Audit Committee
annually reviews the audit and permissible non-audit services performed by our principal accounting firm and reviews and approves the
fees charged by our principal accounting firm. The Audit Committee considered the role of Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla,
P.C. in providing tax and audit services and other permissible non-audit services to us while it was serving as our auditor and concluded
that the provision of such services, if any, was compatible with the maintenance of such firm s independence in the conduct of its
auditing functions. 

On
March 28, 2022, we reported that Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C. , Certified
Public Accountants Rotenberg which had served as o ur independent registered
public accounting firm since 2008, combined with Marcum LLP Marcum and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Marcum. We
engaged Marcum to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2022, and it began serving
as our independent registered public accounting firm beginning with the review of our Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending June
30, 2022. 

During fiscal year 2022, the
aggregate fees which we were billed by Marcum for professional services were as follows: 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 340,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees (2) 
 21,000 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 67,000 

428,000 

During fiscal year 2021 and
the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, the aggregate fees which we were billed by Rotenberg for professional services were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 45,000 
 344,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees (2) 
 - 
 3,000 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 - 
 65,000 

45,000 
 412,000 

(1) 
 Fees for services to perform our annual audit of financial statements, review of financial
 statements included in our quarterly filings included in Form 10-Q, and fees for services that are normally provided by the
 accountant for statutory and regulatory filings. This category includes fees for services rendered that only the auditor reasonably
 can provide, including comfort letters, consents, assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC and accounting and
 financial reporting consultations billed as audit services. The annual audit fee included in this category was 250,000 and 250,000
 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The balance of the fees in this category were for the reviews of our quarterly financial
 statements. 
 
 (2) 
 Fees for assurance and related services that are traditionally performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, such as due diligence services related to mergers and acquisitions, accounting consultation and audits in connections with acquisitions, consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards not classified as audit fees and attest services not required by statute or regulation. 
 
 (3) 
 Fees for tax compliance, tax advice and planning. Tax compliance generally involves preparation of original and amended tax returns, claims for refunds and tax payment-planning services. Tax planning and tax advice encompass a diverse range of services, including assistance with tax audits and appeals, tax advice related to mergers and acquisitions and requests for rulings or technical advice from taxing authorities. 

35 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements of Air Industries Group for the Year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(b) 
 The
 following exhibits are included as part of this report. References to the Company in this Exhibit List mean Air Industries Group,
 a Nevada Corporation. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of Air Industries Group (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed August 30, 2013). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment increasing number of authorized shares of preferred stock and Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed on April 19, 2017). 

3.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated By-Laws of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form
 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 filed on March 31, 2015). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment increasing number of authorized shares of common stock to 60,000,000 (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2019 filed on August 8, 2019) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Change filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effectuate reverse stock split (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed October 18, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Description
 of the Company s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed on March 27, 2020). 

10.1 
 
 Loan
 and Security Agreement dated as of December 31, 2019 with Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 6, 2020) 

10.2 
 
 Guaranty
 Agreement dated as of December 31, 2019 with Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 6, 2020) 

10.3 
 
 Pledge
 Agreement dated as of December 31, 2019 with Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 6, 2020) 

10.4 
 
 First
 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement with Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 9, 2020) 

10.5 
 
 Second
 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement with Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2021) 

36 

10.6 
 
 Third
 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement with Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 8, 2021) 

10.7 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement with Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 18, 2022). 

10.8 
 
 Purchase
 Agreement with the Purchasers dated January 15, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2019). 

10.9 
 
 2015
 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8
 (Registration No. 333-206341) filed on August 13, 2015). 

10.10 
 
 2016
 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 filed on November 14, 2016). 

10.11 
 
 2017
 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.79 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 (Registration No. 333-219490) filed July 26, 2017 and declared effective August 4, 2017). 

10.12 
 
 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-264738) filed May 6, 2022). 

14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (Amendment No. 2)
 for the year ended December 31, 2017 filed on April 30, 2018. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2018 filed on April 1, 2019. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 of Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 of the Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). 

32.2 
 
 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: May 16, 2023 

AIR
 INDUSTRIES GROUP 

By: 
 /s/
 Luciano Melluzzo 

Luciano
 Melluzzo 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael E. Recca 

Michael
 E. Recca 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant on May
16, 2023 in the capacities indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 

/s/
 Luciano Melluzzo 
 
 President
 and CEO 
 
 Luciano
 Melluzzo 
 
 (principal
 executive officer) 

/s/
 Michael E. Recca 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Michael
 E. Recca 
 
 (principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

/s/
 Michael N. Taglich 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 Michael
 N. Taglich 

/s/
 Peter D. Rettaliata 
 
 Director 
 
 Peter
 D. Rettaliata 

/s/
 Robert F. Taglich 
 
 Director 
 
 Robert
 F. Taglich 

/s/
 David J. Buonanno 
 
 Director 
 
 David
 J. Buonanno 

/s/
 Michael Brand 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael
 Brand 

/s/
 Michael Porcelain 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael
 Porcelain 

38 

AIR
 INDUSTRIES GROUP 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ., , NJ, PCAOB ID: F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C., Saddle Brook, NJ, PCAOB ID: F-4 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Air Industries Group 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Air Industries Group (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended
in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

As discussed in Note 16 to the financial statements, the 2021 financial
statements have been revised to correct certain previously issued disclosures related to the reconciliation of the Company s income
tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation
allowance as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. The financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2021, before the effects
of the adjustments to correct the errors discussed in Note 16 to the financial statements, were audited by other auditors whose report,
dated March 25, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion on those statements. We have also audited the adjustments described in Note 16
that were applied to revise the 2021 financial statements to correct the errors. In our opinion, such adjustments are appropriate and
have been properly applied. Except for the corrections to revise the tax footnote we were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures
to the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then
ended, other than stated above and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on the 2021 financial statements
taken as a whole. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities law and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Revenue Recognition 

Description of the Matter 

The Company s revenue from contracts with
customers is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the product, which is generally upon the delivery and
acceptance by the customer. If the contracts, with customers in which the Company satisfies its promise to the customer to provide a service
or product that has no alternative use to the Company and the Company has enforceable rights to payment for progress completed to date
inclusive of profit, the Company would be required to recognize revenue over time as it satisfies the performance obligation. 

The Company evaluates each revenue generating
contract to determine whether or not they are entitled to a profit should the contract be terminated, whether or not there is an alternative
use for the product upon contract termination and whether or not there are any contractual restrictions which would prohibit the Company
from selling the product elsewhere (alternative use) upon contract termination. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Auditing management s evaluation of contracts
with customers required extensive audit effort due to the judgment required to analyze the terms and conditions of the Company s
various customer contracts given that such terms and conditions may be nonstandard. This included the identification and determination
of the performance obligations and the assessment of whether a product has alternative use. 

Our audit procedures included obtaining an understanding
of the Company s revenue recognition process which included an analysis of the distinct performance obligations and a review of
the conclusion as to whether revenue from such performance obligations should be recognized over time or at a point in time. 

We performed procedures to test the identification
and determination of the performance obligations and the timing of revenue recognition which included, among others, reading a sample
of executed contracts and purchase orders to understand the contract and performing an independent assessment of the identification of
distinct performance obligations. 

We performed procedures to test whether or not
the Company is entitled to a profit should the contract be terminated, whether or not there is an alternative use for the product upon
contract termination and whether or not there are any contractual restrictions which would prohibit the Company from selling the product
elsewhere (alternative use) upon contract termination. 

Inventory Valuation Reserve 

Description of the Matter 

As described in Note 4 to the financial statements,
the Company s net inventory balance of approximately 31.8 million included a reserve for obsolete and excess inventory of approximately
 4.0 million at December 31, 2022. The Company maintains a reserve for inventory based on estimated losses that result from inventory
that becomes obsolete or for which the Company has excess inventory levels. In determining this estimate, the Company performs an analysis
on current demand and usage for each inventory item over historical time periods. Based on that analysis, the Company reserves a percentage
of the inventory amount within each time period based on historical demand and usage patterns of specific items in inventory. This requires
management to make significant estimates and assumptions in order to estimate the amount necessary to adjust to net realizable value as
a result of obsolescence or slow-moving inventory. Changes in the assumptions could have a significant impact on the valuation of inventory. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Auditing management s inventory valuation
process including its impairment procedures required extensive auditor effort due to the judgment required to analyze the Company s
methodology in determining excess quantities and slow-moving goods. 

Our audit procedures included obtaining an understanding
of the Company s inventory valuation process including the identification of excess quantities and slow-moving goods and the potential
impairment to net realizable value. 

We performed procedures to test the identification
and determination of excess quantities and slow-moving goods. We traced the movement of a sample of goods to the respective transaction
history detail reports of such goods to ensure that excess quantities and slow-moving goods were properly identified and potentially impaired.
We tested the completeness and accuracy of the Company s inventory reserve reports specifically related to the identification and
determination of excess quantities and slow-moving goods and impairment. 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2008 (such date takes into account the acquisition of Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C., by Marcum LLP effective
February 1, 2022). 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

Saddle Brook, New Jersey 

May 16, 2023 

F- 3 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Air Industries Group 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited, before the effects of the adjustment
for the correction of the errors described in Note 16, the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Air Industries Group and subsidiaries
(the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, except for the errors described in Note 16, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We were not engaged to audit, review, or apply
any procedures to the adjustments for the correction of the errors described in Note 16, and accordingly, we do not express an opinion
or any other form of assurance about whether such adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied. Those adjustments were audited
by Marcum LLP. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities law and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We have served as the Company s auditors from 2008 to 2022. 

/s/ 

Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C. 

March 25, 2022 

F- 4 

AIR INDUSTRIES GROUP 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts Receivable, Net of Allowance for Doubtful Accounts of and 

Inventory 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 

Contract Costs Receivable 
 
 -

Prepaid Taxes 

Total Current Assets 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Operating Lease Right-Of-Use-Assets 

Deferred Financing Costs, Net, Deposits and Other Assets 

Goodwill 
 -

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Debt - Current Portion 

Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses 

Operating Lease Liabilities - Current Portion 

Deferred Gain on Sale - Current Portion 

Customer Deposits 

Liability Related to the Sale of Future Proceeds from Disposition of Subsidiary 
 -

Deferred payroll tax liability - CARES Act 
 -

Total Current Liabilities 

Long Term Liabilities 

Debt - Net of Current Portion 

Subordinated Notes Payable - Related Party 

Operating Lease Liabilities - Net of Current Portion 

Deferred Gain on Sale - Net of Current Portion 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingency (see Note 13) 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred Stock, par value - Authorized shares, shares outstanding, at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 -
 
 -

Common Stock - Par Value - Authorized Shares, and Shares Issued and Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 5 

AIR INDUSTRIES GROUP 

Consolidated Statements
of Operations 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net Sales 

Cost of Sales 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

(Loss) Income from Operations 

() 

Interest and Financing Costs 

() 

() 

Interest Expense - Related Parties 

() 

() 

Other Income, Net 

Gain on write-off of accounts payable 

-

(Loss) Income before Provision for Income Taxes 

() 

Provision for Income Taxes 

- 

- 

Net (Loss) Income 

() 

(Loss) Income per share Basic 

() 

(Loss) Income per share Diluted 

() 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding basic 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding diluted 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 6 

AIR INDUSTRIES GROUP 

Consolidated Statements
of Stockholders Equity 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 

Common Stock issued for directors fees 
 
 -

-

Stock Options exercised 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Stock Compensation Expense 
 - 
 -

-

Net Income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common Stock issued for directors fees 
 
 -

-

Common Stock issued in conjunction with reverse split 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Stock Compensation Expense 
 - 
 -

-

Net Loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 7 

AIR INDUSTRIES GROUP 

Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net (Loss) Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities 

Depreciation of property and equipment 

Non-cash employee compensation expense 

Non-cash directors compensation 

Non-cash other income recognized 

Non-cash interest expense 

Non-cash gain on accounts payable write-off 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of Right-of-Use Assets 

Deferred gain on sale of real estate 

Bad debt recovery 

Loss on impairment of goodwill 
 
 -

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities 

(Increase) Decrease in Operating Assets: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Prepaid taxes 

Deposits and other assets 

Increase (Decrease) in Operating Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Customer deposits 

Deferred payroll tax liability - CARES Act 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of property and equipment 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net proceeds from (payments for) revolving loan - Webster Bank 

Proceeds from note payable - term note - Webster Bank 
 
 -

Payments of term note - Webster Bank 

Payment of deferred finance costs 

Payment of subordinated notes payable - related party 
 
 -

Payments of finance lease obligations 

Payments of loan payable - financed asset 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET DECREASE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AT END OF YEAR 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 8 

AIR INDUSTRIES GROUP 

Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, (Continued) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid during the year for interest 

Cash paid during the year for taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Acquisition of financed lease asset 
 
 -

Capitalization of related party note interest to principal 
 -

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 9 

AIR INDUSTRIES GROUP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

reportable operating segment. 

year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The Company is required to make certain additional disclosures
if management concludes that if substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern provided that
such doubt is not alleviated by the Company s plans or when the Company s plans alleviate substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. This evaluation entails analyzing prospective operating budgets and forecasts for expectations regarding
cash needs and comparing those needs to the current cash and cash equivalent balance and expectations regarding cash to be generated
over the following year. 

of cash from operating activities. Based on the Company s current best estimates of
fiscal 2023 and first half of fiscal 2024 sales, confirmed orders from existing backlog and expected orders from existing and new customers
expected timing of future cash receipts and expenditures and the Company s ability to access additional liquidity, if needed, the
Company firmly believes it will have adequate cash to support operations through at least one year from the date of the accompanying financial
statements are issued. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

that add to the productive capacity or extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized.
Upon disposition, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any related gain or loss is reflected
in earnings. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 12 

and respectively. The Company recognized revenue of during year ended December 31, 2022, that was included
in the customer deposits balance as of December 31, 2021. The Company recognized revenue of during the year ended December 31,
2021, that was included in the customer deposits balance of as of December 31, 2020. 

. The Company expects to recognize revenue amounts in future periods
related to these remaining performance obligations as follows: approximately to from January 1, 2023 - June 30,
2023, and approximately to from July 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023. This expectation assumes that raw material
suppliers and outsourced processing is completed and delivered on-time and that the Company s customers will accept delivery as
scheduled. The Company anticipates that sales during the aforementioned periods will also include sales pursuant to contracts that are
not currently in backlog. 

F- 13 

of total sales, and three customers that represented of total sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
This is set forth in the table below. 

2 

3 

4 

of sales for the year-ended December 31, 2021 

of gross accounts receivable and three customers that represented of gross accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
This is set forth in the table below. 

2 

3 

4 

of accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 

of accounts receivable at December 31, 2021 

Commercial 

Total 

F- 14 

F- 15 

Add: Convertible Note Interest for Potential Note Conversion 
 -

Add: Convertible Note debt discount for Potential Note Conversion 
 -
 
 -

Net (Loss) Income used to calculate diluted earnings per share 

Effect of dilutive stock options and warrants 
 -

Effect of dilutive convertible
 notes payable 
 -

Weighted average shares outstanding
 and dilutive securities used to compute dilutive earnings per share 

Per share amount basic 

Per share amount diluted 

Warrants 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. Stock compensation expense for directors amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. Stock compensation expenses for employees and directors were included in operating expenses in the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

F- 16 

at December 31, 2021 related
to the acquisition of NTW. 

is included in operating expenses in the Consolidated Statement
of Operations. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

or less under practical expedient.
For contracts with lease and non-lease components, the Company has elected not to allocate the contract consideration, and to account
for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. 

F- 17 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Accounts Receivable Net 

Year ended December 31, 2021 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

F- 18 

Work In Progress 

Finished Goods 

Reserve 

Total Inventory 

Buildings and Improvements 

Machinery and Equipment 

Finance Lease ROU Assets - Machinery and Equipment 

Tools and Instruments 

Automotive Equipment 

Furniture and Fixtures 

Leasehold Improvements 

Computers and Software 

Total Property and Equipment 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation 

Property and Equipment, net 

and , respectively. Assets held under finance lease obligations are depreciated
over the shorter of their related lease terms or their estimated productive lives. Depreciation of assets under finance leases is included
in depreciation expense for 2022 and 2021. Accumulated depreciation on these assets was approximately and as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accrued Payroll 

Accrued Expenses - other 

Accounts Payable and accrued expenses 

of old payables fell into this category. This adjustment is recorded as Write-off of accounts payable
on the accompanying Statement of Operations. 

F- 19 

. The Company realized a gain on the sale of of which was
recognized during the year ended December 31, 2006. The remaining is being recognized ratably over the remaining term of the
 - lease at approximately per year. The gain is included in Other Income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Operations. The unrecognized portion of the gain in the amount of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
is classified as Deferred Gain on Sale in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

-year triple- net lease (the Lease expiring in September 2026 with
the purchaser for the property. Base annual rent is approximately for the first five years, for the sixth year, and
thereafter increases per year. The Lease grants the Company an option to renew the Lease for an additional period of . The
Company has on deposit with the purchaser as security for the performance of its obligations under the Lease. In addition, at
December 31, 2021, the Company had on deposit with the purchaser as security for the completion of certain repairs and upgrades
to the Bay Shore Property. In 2020, the landlord utilized the amounts on deposit to install air conditioning throughout the manufacturing
facility. At December 31, 2022, this amount was included in the caption Deferred Finance costs, Net, Deposit and Other Assets in the
accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Pursuant to the terms of the Lease, the Company is required to pay all of the costs associated
with the operation of the facilities, including, without limitation, insurance, taxes and maintenance. The lease also contains customary
representations, warranties, obligations, conditions and indemnification provisions and grants the purchaser customary remedies upon
a breach of the lease by the Company, including the right to terminate the Lease and hold the Company liable for any deficiency in future
rent. See Note 9 Operating Lease Liabilities. 

Term loan, Webster 

Finance lease obligations 

Loans payable - financed assets 

Related party notes payable 

Subtotal 

Less: Current portion 

Long Term Portion 

. The Webster Facility, which was entered into on December 31, 2019, was amended several times,
and now provides for a revolving loan Revolving Line of Credit ), a term loan Term Loan and a Equipment Line of Credit, which as it is drawn upon is added to the balance of the Term Loan. 

F- 20 

remaining available under the equipment line of credit. The below table shows the timing of payments due under the Term Loan: 

December 31, 2024 

December 31, 2025 

Webster Term Loan payable 

Less: debt issuance costs 

Total Webster Term Loan payable, net of debt issuance costs 

Less: Current portion of Webster Term Loan payable 

Total long-term portion of Webster Term Loan payable 

consisted of the Webster Revolving Loan in the amount of and the Webster term loan in the amount of which includes
 of what was drawn on the equipment line of credit. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and required the Company to make monthly principal installments in
the amount of beginning on December 1, 2020. Other minor modifications were made and the Company paid an amendment fee of . 

of the Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year and (ii) the outstanding principal balance of the term loan. Such payment shall be made to
Webster and applied to the outstanding principal balance of the term loan, on or prior to the April 15 immediately following such fiscal
year. In connection with these changes, the Company paid an amendment fee of . The Company made Excess Cash Flow payments of 
in 2021 (for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020) and in April 2022 (for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021). As required,
the Company provided the calculation for the Excess Cash Flow payment of for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to Webster prior
to the April 15, 2023 deadline for such payment. Additionally, the Company authorized such payment to be made from the Revolving Loan.
As of the date of this filing such payment has not been processed by Webster. 

(up from the original and also provided for a similar increase
in the inventory sublimit to (up from the original ). The Third Amendment, also allows the Company, subject to
certain limitations, to begin amortizing of its related party subordinated notes payable each quarter as long as certain conditions
are met. In connection with these changes, the Company paid an amendment fee of . 

, generating proceeds of , reduce the monthly principal installments to be made in respect to the term loan, and
establish a capital expenditure line of credit in the amount of which the Company can draw upon from time to time to finance
purchases of machinery and equipment, thereby increasing the amount of capital expenditures that the Company may make each year. The
principal payments are per month commencing in June 2022 with a balloon payment due on December 30, 2025. In connection with
these changes, the Company paid an amendment fee of . 

. The principal payments are per month commencing in
February 2023 with a balloon payment due on . 

. The principal payments are per month commencing
in March 2023 with a balloon payment due on . 

F- 21 

The
average interest rate charged was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

as of December 31, 2022. The lease has
an imputed interest rate of per annum and is payable monthly with the final payment due in September of 2026. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The lease had an imputed interest rate of per annum and was payable monthly with the final payment due on December
17, 2026. In connection with the Fourth Amendment to the Webster Facility, this finance lease was paid in full. 

Interest on lease liabilities 
 
 -

Total Lease Costs 

Other Information: 

Cash Paid for amounts included in the measurement lease liabilities: 

Financing cash flow from finance lease obligations 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activity 

Acquisition of finance lease ROU asset 
 
 -

Weighted Average Discount rate - 

December 31, 2024 

December 31, 2025 

December 31, 2026 

Total future minimum finance lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Less: Current portion 

Long-term portion 

F- 22 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The loan bears
no interest and a final payment is due and payable for all unpaid principal on July 20, 2026. 

December 31, 2024 

December 31, 2025 

December 31, 2026 

Loans Payable - financed assets 

Less: Current portion 

Long-term portion 

. In connection with these notes, Michael and Robert were issued a total of shares
of common stock and Taglich Brothers, Inc. was issued promissory notes totaling for placement agency fees. At December 31, 2020,
related party notes payable totaled and accrued interest totaled . 

of the related party convertible subordinated notes can be converted at the option
of the holder into Common Stock of the Company at per share, while the remaining of the related party convertible subordinated
notes can be converted at the option of the holder into common stock of the Company at per share. There are no principal payments
due on these notes. Under the terms of the Third Amendment to the Webster Facility, the Company is now allowed, subject to certain limitations,
to make principal payments of per quarter of this subordinated debt. 

was made against the Subordinated Notes due to Michael Taglich. This payment was made pursuant to the conditions
set forth in the Third Amendment to the Webster Facility. 

Subordinated Notes 

-

Total 

and , respectively. 

F- 23 

to , some of which include options to extend or terminate
the leases. 

Total lease cost 

Other Information 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement lease liability: 

Operating cash flow from operating leases 

Weighted Average discount rate - 

December 31, 2024 

December 31, 2025 

December 31, 2026 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: discount 

Total operating lease maturities 

Less: current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total long term portion of operating lease maturities 

percent
of the net sales of AMK for that quarter until the aggregate payments made to the Company (the Meyer Agreement equals
 (the Maximum Amount ). 

of the in payments due from Meyer for the sale of AMK (the Remaining Amount for an immediate payment
of , including from each of Michael and Robert Taglich, and for the benefit of the children of Michael Taglich.
The timing of the payments is based upon the net sales of AMK. 

F- 24 

and of
non-cash income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, reflected in other income, net on the Consolidated
Statements of Operations and recorded and of related non-cash interest expense related to the Purchase Agreement for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Non-Cash other income recognized 

Non-Cash interest expense recognized 

Liabilities related to sale of future proceeds from disposition
 of subsidiary - ending balance 
 -

Less: unamortized transaction costs 
 -

Liability related to sale of future
 proceeds from disposition of subsidiary, net 
 -

shares were issued
to account for this. As such all references to shares and per share price has been adjusted to retrospectively account for this transaction. 

and shares totaling
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, the Company issued shares of common
stock upon the cashless exercise of stock options during the year ended December 30, 2022. 

shares of common stock in payment of directors fees totaling . 

F- 25 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

for the Company s failure to make the entire
premises available by the Sublease commencement date. On July 8, 2021, the Court denied Contract Phamacal s motion for summary judgement.
In the Order, the court granted Contract Pharmacal s Motions to drop its claim for specific performance and to amend its Complaint
to reduce its claim for damages to . Subsequently, Contact Pharmacal moved to amend its Complaint. The Company opposed this and
the Court denied the request to amend the Complaint. Contract Pharmacal filed a Motion to reargue which the Court denied on November 30,
2021. On March 10, 2022, Contract Pharmacal filed an appeal to the Court s decision with the Appellate Division which the Company
has opposed. The Company disputes the validity of the claims asserted by Contract Pharmacal and intends contest them vigorously. 

F- 26 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent difference, overaccruals, and non-deductible items 

Change in state rate 

Deferred tax valuation allowance 

Other 

Total 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Inventory - IRC 263A adjustment 

Stock based compensation - options and restricted stock 

Capitalized engineering costs 

Amortization - NTW Transaction 

Inventory reserve 

Deferred gain on sale of real estate 

Accrued expenses 

Disallowed interest 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total deferred tax asset before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax asset after valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

Operating Lease ROU assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset 
 -
 
 -

F- 27 

and , respectively. 

, of which approximately expires from 2023 through
2037 and does not expire. In addition, the Company has net operating loss carry forwards from various states of
approximately which expire from 2035 through 2042. 

on share repurchases, which will
apply to net stock buybacks after December 31, 2022. We do not expect this to have a material impact if and when share repurchases
occur. 

shares. 

and shares of common stock, respectively, to certain of its employees and directors. 

and in its Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
and such amounts were included as a component of operating expenses. 

- 
 - 
 
 Expected life (in years) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 

Weighted-average grant date fair value per share 

F- 28 

Granted during the year 

Exercised during the year 

Terminated/Expired during the year 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Granted during the year 

Exercised during the year 
 -
 
 -

Terminated/Expired during the year 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share. The
options expire on the fifth anniversary of the grant date and vest over a term of . 

shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share. The options
expire on the fifth anniversary of the grant date and vest over a term of . 

shares of the Company s common stock
at a price of per share. The options expire on the fifth anniversary of the grant date and vest over a term of . 

shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share.
The options expire on the seventh anniversary of the grant date and vested over a term of . 

shares of the Company s common stock
at a price of per share. The options expire on the fifth anniversary of the grant date and vest over a term of . 

shares of the Company s common stock
at a price of per share. The options expire on the fifth anniversary of the grant date and vest over a term of to . 

shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share.
The options expire on the seventh anniversary of the grant date and vested over a term of . 

- 
 
 years 

F- 29 

- 
 
 years 

of
unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option awards, which is to be recognized over the remaining weighted average
vesting period of years. 

was . The aggregate intrinsic value at December 31,
2021 was based on the Company s closing stock price of was approximately . The aggregate intrinsic value was calculated
based on the positive difference between the closing market price of the Company s Common Stock and the exercise prices of the
underlying options. 

and per share, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. The total fair value of shares vested during the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Granted during the period 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Terminated/Expired during the period 
 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Granted during the period 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Terminated/Expired during the period 

-

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

based on the Company s closing stock price of and , respectively. 

. The proper amount that should have been disclosed was . Along with this finding,
the Company further reviewed its disclosure of the rate reconciliation and deferred tax calculation along with the valuation allowance
of its net deferred tax assets. Other items that were corrected in the disclosure included disallowed interest, stock based compensation
and operating lease liability along with the associated operating lease ROU assets. 

F- 30 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent difference, overaccruals, and non-deductible items 

Change in state rate 

Deferred tax valuation allowance 

Other 

Total 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Inventory - IRC 263A adjustment 

Stock based compensation - options and restricted stock 

Capitalized engineering costs 

Amortization - NTW Transaction 

Inventory reserve 

Deferred gain on sale of real estate 

Accrued expenses 

Disallowed interest 

Operating lease liability 

Capital loss carryforward 

-

Total non-current deferred tax asset before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Total non-current deferred tax asset after valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

Operating lease ROU assets 
 -

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

F- 31 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Inventory - IRC 263A adjustment 

Stock based compensation - options and restricted stock 

Capitalized engineering costs 

Deferred Rent 
 
 -

Amortization - NTW Transaction 

Inventory reserve 

Deferred gain on sale of real estate 

Accrued expenses 

- 
 
 Disallowed interest 

Operating lease liability 

Total non-current deferred tax asset before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Total non-current deferred tax asset after valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

Operating lease ROU assets 
 - 

Other 

-

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 

F-32 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1_airindust.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements of Air Industries Group and Subsidiaries (the Company on Form S-8 (Registration Nos. 333-264738,
333-191560, 333-206341, 333-217393 and 333-219487) of our report dated May 16, 2023 with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial
statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and for the year then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 Our report on the consolidated financial statements
contain an explanatory paragraph regarding adjustments described in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements that were applied
to restate the 2021 financial statements to correct errors. We were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the 2021
financial statements of the Company other than with respect to the adjustments and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other
form of assurance on the 2021 financial statements taken as a whole. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum LLP 

 Saddle Brook, New Jersey 

 May 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-2_airindust.htm
 CONSENT OF ROTENBERG MERIL SOLOMON BERTIGER & GUTTILLA, P.C.

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference of our
report dated March 25, 2022 on our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Air Industries Group and Subsidiaries (the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021, which report was included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company filed May 16,
2023, in the Company s Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Registration Nos. 333-264738, 333-191560, 333-206341, 333-217393 and
333-219487). 

Our report on the 2021 consolidated financial statements
indicates that we were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the adjustments for the correction of the errors described
in Note 16 to the financial statements, and accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance about whether such
adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied. Those adjustments were audited by Marcum LLP. 

/s/ Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C. 

 Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C. 

 Certified Public Accountants 

 Saddle Brook, New Jersey 

 May 16, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_airindust.htm
 CERTIFICATION EXHIBIT

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 

I, Luciano Melluzzo, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K of Air Industries Group; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: May 16, 2023 

/s/ Luciano Melluzzo 

Luciano Melluzzo 

Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_airindust.htm
 CERTIFICATION EXHIBIT

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 

I, Michael E. Recca, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of Air Industries Group; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: May 16, 2023 

/s/ Michael Recca 

Michael Recca 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_airindust.htm
 CERTIFICATION EXHIBIT

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Air Industries Group, a Nevada corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Luciano Melluzzo, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. ss. 1350), that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: May 16, 2023 

/s/ Luciano Melluzzo 

Luciano Melluzzo 

Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_airindust.htm
 CERTIFICATION EXHIBIT

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Air Industries Group, a Nevada corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Michael E. Recca, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. ss. 1350), that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Michael Recca 

Michael Recca 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer 

Dated: May 16, 2023 

[A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Air Industries Group and will be retained by Air Industries Group and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 airi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 airi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 airi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 airi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 airi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

