<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230418_10-K_edgar_data_1360442_0001096906-23-000872.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>835654</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>135549</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>639872</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001096906-23-000872.hdr.sgml : 20230418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230418172728
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001096906-23-000872
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230418

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cannabis Sativa, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001360442
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				201898270
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53571
		FILM NUMBER:		23827854

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 HILLSIDE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		#A224
		CITY:			MESQUITE
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89027
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-346-3906

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 HILLSIDE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		#A224
		CITY:			MESQUITE
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89027

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ultra Sun Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060424

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001096906-23-000872.txt : 20230418

10-K
 1
 cbds_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 cbds_10k.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 Form 10-K (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended DECEMBER 31, 2022 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______________________ to __________________________ Commission File Number 000-53571 CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) Nevada 20-1898270 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 450 Hillside Dr., #A224, Mesquite, NV 89027 89024 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, Par Value 0.001 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No Note Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from their obligations under those Sections. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company Indicate by check mark whether the issuer is a shell company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates was 3,098,477on June 30, 2022. APPLICABLE ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No (APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of April 5, 2023, there were 45,886,878 shares of the issuer s common stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980). None. CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 PAGE PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 11 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 11 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 11 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 11 PART II 12 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 12 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 13 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 13 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 15 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 15 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 15 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 15 Item 9B. Other Information 16 PART III 17 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 19 Item 11. Executive Compensation 20 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 21 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 21 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 21 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 22 SIGNATURES 23 2 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS In addition to historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, but not limited to, the sections entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. We use words such as believe , expect , anticipate , project , target , plan , optimistic , intend , aim , will , or similar expressions, which are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that if they were to ever materialize or prove incorrect, could cause the results of the Company to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Future events and actual results could differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by or underlying the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of the filing of this report, to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. 3 Table of Contents Part I Item 1. Description of Business Company Background Cannabis Sativa, Inc., formerly named Ultra Sun Corporation, was incorporated under laws of Nevada in November 2005. In 2020, we conducted our operations through our subsidiaries PrestoCorp, Inc. PrestoCorp ), a 51 owned Delaware corporation engaged in the telemedicine business. We also began 2021 with interests in GK Manufacturing and Packaging, Inc. GKMP ), a California corporation that serves as a contract manufacturer of products containing hemp-based CBD and i-Budtender (IBUD ), a Nevada corporation in the development stage for on-line referral business in the cannabis industry. In April2021, we discontinued operations of GKMP and IBUD and sold our controlling interests in these subsidiaries. The operations of GKMP and IBUD for the year ended December 31, 2021 are reported separately as discontinued operations. We also own 100 of the following subsidiaries: Wild Earth Naturals, Inc. Wild Earth ), a Nevada corporation, Eden Holdings LLC Eden ), a Virginia limited liability company, Kubby Patent and Licenses, Limited Liability Company KPAL ), a Texas limited liability company and Hi Brands International Inc. Hi Brands ), a Nevada corporation. Wild Earth, Eden, KPAL, and Hi Brands are currently inactive, but fit into our business strategy as discussed below. Our common stock is quoted for trading on the OTCQB Market under the symbol CBDS. We currently maintain virtual principal executive offices with our staff and contractors located remotely and typically working out of their homes. Our mailing address is 450 Hillside Drive, #A224, Mesquite, Nevada 89027. Our telephone number is (323) 420-8583. Business Strategy In 2023, we intend to focus on growth of our telemedicine business while seeking opportunities in brand development and marketing of products and services to the cannabidiol CBD and marijuana industries. We also intend to focus on the consummation of a merger with MJ Harvest, Inc. MJ whereby, if consummated, MJ will become a 100 owned subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant to the merger, current shareholders of MJ will receive an approximate 72 interest in the issued and outstanding common shares of the Company. Telemedicine PrestoCorp PrestoDoctor ), offers an online telemedicine platform providing customer access to knowledgeable physicians to obtain a medical marijuana recommendation. PrestoDoctor uses secure video conferencing technology (https://prestodoctor.com) to provide a safe and confidential forum for the Doctor patient interview in accordance with state regulations governing issuance of medical marijuana cards. Appointments through PrestoDoctor s website generally take 10-15 minutes and can be scheduled and completed in the same day. This convenience eliminates the need for patients to travel to a clinic. More than 100,000 users have registered to consult with PrestoDoctor s 15+ licensed physicians across the United States. PrestoDoctor currently offers services in California, Nevada, New York, Missouri, and Oklahoma, and is actively targeting expansion into multiple additional states in the coming months. Management is currently evaluating opportunities to expand the platform for medical marijuana evaluations into other states and is reviewing other telemedicine applications. The COVID-19 pandemic has been a catalyst for expansion of telemedicine services across the United States, and our existing systems and infrastructure are well suited to providing other similar medical evaluations. The continuing growth of wearable devices and remote monitoring capabilities are further evidence that telemedicine will continue to grow in the coming periods. Growth of the platform to take advantage of these opportunities will require capital for development of new features and capabilities necessary to provide a new service, expansion of personnel and expansion of our contracted physician pool. No assurances can be given that our efforts to expand into new areas and/or provide new services will be successful. 4 Table of Contents Brand Development and Product Marketing We have assembled a portfolio of brands, products, intangible assets, and expertise to allow research, development, acquisition and licensing of specialized cannabis and CBD related products, including cannabis and CBD formulas, edibles, topicals, strains, recipes and delivery systems. We plan to engage in marketing and branding within the cannabis and CBD spaces utilizing our existing brands, including our trademark pending hi brand, while also seeking out new opportunities for brand aggregation and marketing. In 2021, we were not able to focus on further development of these assets due to limitations on availability of capital and the need to devote our energies to growth in the telemedicine space. In 2023, we hope to begin selling products through our existing online presence. Descriptions of the products/brands we intend to promote include: Wild Earth Naturals, Inc. Wild Earth Naturals, Inc. is an herbal skin care products formulation and marketing company that targets the growing natural health care products market in the United States and abroad. We intend to develop and manufacture high-quality, herbal based skin care products providing healthier choices to consumers. We use specialized ingredient mixing processes to produce plant glycerite/mineral herbal blends and oil extractions, which we believe will be unique to the natural health products industry. The ingredients for our products are selected to meet a number of criteria, including, but not limited to, safety, potency, purity, stability, bio-availability, and efficacy. We plan to control the quality of our products beginning at the formulation stage and continuing through controlled sourcing of raw ingredients, manufacturing, packaging, and labeling. Hi Brands International Inc. On February 6, 2015, the Company formed Hi Brands International Inc., a Nevada Corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Hi Brands ). Hi Brands entered into a Purchase, Supply and Joint Venture Agreement (the Agreement ), with Centuria Natural Foods, Inc. Centuria to develop a supply of proprietary CBD (Cannabidiol) Rich Hemp Oil products, but the agreement was never implemented and no business was ever transacted. As a result, Hi Brands International, Inc. has been inactive for the last several years. Although the Hi Brands business has been inactive, the Company believes that there is value in the name and that it may afford a sound outlet for the Company s products as we build work to build out our product portfolio. In order to capitalize on the Hi Brands concept, the Company will require capital for a virtual storefront design, online web presence, virtual shopping cart and e-payment capabilities. The concept may also be an attractive base for physical locations, which would then require capital for facilities, physical storefront and interior design, staffing, inventory, and marketing. Until a suitable capital formation plan can be developed and funded, the Hi Brands concept is likely to remain inactive. Other Opportunities. In addition to licensing, branding and technology, we have the ability to offer mainstream medical prescription discount cards, for which the Company will receive a small percentage on each product purchased. This concept has not yet been implemented but is being evaluated by our Telemedicine division for feasibility and return on investment. The Company continues to seek the acquisition of companies, intellectual property and other assets that fit within the company s strategic plan of assembling a portfolio of cannabis industry related businesses that have a high growth potential and are accretive to shareholder value. Perceived Cannabis Industry Trends We believe the cannabis industry will be characterized by the following principal trends: an increased emphasis on high quality products; an increased emphasis on scientific validation for products in the market place; more liberal regulation in regard to cannabis, even under the current administration as states rights continue to emerge; more consolidation, take-over, and buy-out of companies in the retail, wholesale, and supply side channels; more mainstream companies entering the marketplace; and more funded research on the potential long-term health benefits of cannabis as well as its potential curative properties. 5 Table of Contents Vision Our vision is to become a highly visible, diversified business promoting superior quality branded products and services and offering effective customer service, fair compensation, sound management and a great working environment. Over time, we plan to expand our branding, research and development, intellectual properties and licensing activities to reach markets covering telemedicine and consumer education. In order to achieve this vision, we plan to develop brands and branded products which will distinguish our online presence as a source for innovative and effective medicinal cannabis products and cost-effective alternatives for customers seeking quality, affordable natural health products to aid in wellness and appearance. Through a long-term commitment to this vision, we hope to become known as a company that is committed to its customers, associates, and communities. Products Online Telemedicine . Through PrestoDoctor we provide access to knowledgeable physicians for a safe and confidential way to get a medical marijuana recommendation using secure video conferencing technology. Our online telemedicine generates 100 of our revenues. Consumer Products. Through December 31, 2021, the products discussed below in this section are conceptual and have produced no significant revenues. We had intended to pursue the strategy described below in 2021, but lack of capital largely shifted our strategic implementation plans to 2022. In 2023, we expect to work on building a product catalogue as we begin testing the market through online sales of products, including: Lozenges , utilizing our proprietary formula, offer rapid relief of throat irritation. Based upon preliminary results, our lozenges generally take effect within a period of five to 15 minutes. In addition to the lozenges, we have other forms of edibles under consideration. Recover Deep Penetrating Healing Balm is a fast-acting organic anti-inflammatory pain reliever for sore muscles, joints, arthritic and back pain. Trauma Cream was developed with a blended infusion of cannabinoids and THC, including Arnica for its numbing effect. Face Garden is an antioxidant, moisturizing cream for the face. Face Garden is thought to firm the skin and reduce puffiness and wrinkles, while restoring the skins natural glow and supple appearance. Body Garden is a moisturizing body lotion designed to relieve itchy dry skin and protect against sun damage. Lip Garden is an emollient balm that we believe can assist with healing of the lips while keeping them supple and moist. Branded Clothing and Merchandise . We also intend to offer Wild Earth Naturals and hi branded men s and women s fashion tee shirts and sweatshirts from suppliers, as well as caps and coffee mugs through the Company s www.wildearthnaturals.com website. Objectives Our current strategy is to continue to promote and grow the telemedicine business under our PrestoDoctor brand, while also focusing on the start-up and ramp up of new branding, licensing and product sales opportunities, and we will seek strategic corporate and product acquisitions. 6 Table of Contents Marketing Distribution Market Conditions in the Cannabis Industry. Our target markets are located in states that have legalized the production and use of cannabis. Eighteen states plus the District of Columbia have approved measures to legalize cannabis for adult recreational use. Thirty-seven states, the District of Columbia and five US territories have legalized the use of cannabis for medical use in some form. However, it may take multiple years for a state to establish regulations and for cannabis businesses to begin generating revenue from operations in a given state. Non-Infused Products and Merchandise. We launched our www.wildearthnaturals.com website in August 2013 but the site has been largely dormant for several years. In 2023, we intend to use social media, primarily Facebook, to drive traffic to our websites. Our online stores at www.wildearthnaturals.com are not producing revenue at this time, but the website is active and ready to process sales orders once the Company rolls out the brand development and product marketing plan for our consumer products lines. During 2023, we plan to utilize direct business to business sales, internet advertising, social media marketing, and trade show participation to generate sales leads, orders and to entry into leading retailers and wholesalers throughout the U.S. No assurances can be given that we will be successful in such efforts. Infused Products. For cannabis infused products, we intend to develop our customer base through licensing agreements with third parties manufacturers who are compliant with state cannabis laws in the states in which they conduct business. We plan to build brand awareness by utilizing a mix of social media, trade shows, education efforts, and direct marketing to targeted businesses. Geographic Presence. We plan to build brand awareness for our products in states where medical cannabis is legal, and to sell non-infused products throughout the United States. Information related to MJ that the Company hopes to acquire through the pending merger Information relating to MJ can be found in the Company s post-effective amendment to its registration statement on Form S-4/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 21, 2023. Competition Cannabis Industry. While we do not currently sell products regulated as cannabis (containing THC), we expect to license our brands and products to businesses that will sell cannabis in states where medicinal or recreational cannabis is legal. Therefore, we look to the participants in the medical and recreational cannabis markets for information on competition. We believe the competition in the cannabis market will include numerous cannabis product companies that are fragmented in terms of geographic market coverage, distribution channels and product categories, with many companies taking a state-by-state approach. We believe that competition is principally based upon price, quality, efficacy of products, branding, marketing, customer service, and trade support. We anticipate that large pharmaceutical companies will eventually begin to more aggressively compete in the cannabis product market. These companies and certain larger entities may have broader product lines and/or larger sales volumes than companies such as ours. Larger entities entering this market may have significantly greater financial and other resources available to them and possess extensive manufacturing, distribution and marketing capabilities. We anticipate that many of the larger competitors will be able to compete more effectively due to a greater extent of vertical integration. The entry of larger competitors could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Skin Care. Our competition includes numerous skin care companies that are highly fragmented in terms of geographic market coverage, distribution channels, and product categories. In addition, large pharmaceutical companies compete with us in the skin care market. These larger companies have broader product lines and more substantial sales volumes, greater financial and other resources available to them, and possess extensive manufacturing, distribution and marketing capabilities. Among our more prominent competitors are: Earthly Body, Burt s Bees, Melaleuca and Clarins, all of which have substantially longer track records and greater financial resources and operating efficiencies than we will be able to develop in the near term. As a company with limited capital resources, we believe we will be at a competitive disadvantage until such time as we develop a broad portfolio of products that are known and accepted in the industry, and we are able to demonstrate a history of financial stability. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively in the market. 7 Table of Contents Raw Materials and Suppliers Our products are produced using ingredients that we believe to be readily available from several sources. Our suppliers purchase raw materials from a number of different vendors. While we expect the raw materials we use to be readily available in normal times, the current COVID-19 pandemic and the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine have and are expected to continue to disrupt elements of the supply chain. At this time, we cannot determine the effect such disruptions may have on the availability of raw materials in future periods or the impact of such disruptions on our business development strategies. Intellectual Property We hold certain intellectual property (the IP consisting of recipes and process/methods to maximize the cannabinoid concentrations used for manufacture of medical marijuana edibles, including our proprietary lozenge. We also hold rights to a proprietary recipe and process/method to maximize the cannabinoid concentrations to be used to make a salve/ointment containing CBD and Arnica Montana. We are also the patent holder for a CTA strain of cannabis. We are continuing to pursue commercialization of the CTA strain, but no assurances can be given that the patented strain will result in development of any commercial products. The Company intends to use or license the hi brand for skin care products, edibles (infused and non-infused), apparel and branded merchandise. We also hold a Federal trademark on the name and stylized branding of Wild Earth Naturals . We have acquired registered U.S. Trademarks for Cannabis Sativa(R), DISPENSARxY(R), and CannaRx(R). The IP identifiers are Cannabis Sativa(R), Registration Number 4,868,622, DISPENSARxY(R), Registration Number 4,642,830 and CannaRx(R), Registration Number 4,725,687. The Marks are registered in CL 35 under Goods and Services. No assurance can be given that these marks will have any commercial value, or that they will offer any protection against potential competitors should they be commercialized. Effect of Existing or Probable Governmental Regulations on the Business Currently, our products consist of telemedicine services and we are developing and implementing a business strategy to sell products derived from cannabis plants or products containing THC. Accordingly, while the following discussion on governmental regulation is not directly applicable to the Company today, we may become subject to these regulations in the near future. The United States federal government regulates drugs in large part through the Controlled Substances Act, or CSA. Marijuana, which is a form of cannabis, is classified as a Schedule I controlled substance. As a Schedule I controlled substance, the federal Drug Enforcement Agency, or DEA, considers marijuana to have a high potential for abuse with no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States (except as disclosed below for epilepsy and related syndromes) and a lack of accepted safety for use of the drug under medical supervision. According to the U.S. federal government, cannabis having a concentration of tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, greater than 0.3 is marijuana. Cannabis with a THC content below 0.3 is classified as hemp. The scheduling of marijuana as a Schedule I controlled substance is inconsistent with what we believe to be widely accepted medical uses for marijuana by physicians, researchers, patients, and others. Moreover, as of November 30, 2020 and despite the clear conflict with U.S. federal law, 35 states and the District of Columbia have legalized marijuana for medical use, while 15 of those states and the District of Columbia have legalized the adult-use of cannabis for recreational purposes. In November 2020, voters in Arizona, Montana, New Jersey and South Dakota voted by referendum to legalize marijuana for adult use, and voters in Mississippi and South Dakota voted to legalized marijuana for medical use. As further evidence of the growing conflict between the U.S. federal treatment of cannabis and the societal acceptance of cannabis, the FDA on June 25, 2018 approved Epidiolex. Epidiolex is an oral solution with an active ingredient derived from the cannabis plant for the treatment of seizures associated with two rare and severe forms of epilepsy, Lennox-Gastaut syndrome and Dravet syndrome, in patients two years of age and older. This is the first FDA-approved drug that contains a purified substance derived from the cannabis plant. In this case, the substance is cannabidiol, or CBD, a chemical component of marijuana that does not contain the psychoactive properties of THC. 8 Table of Contents Marijuana is largely regulated at the state level in the United States. State laws regulating marijuana are in conflict with the CSA, which makes marijuana use and possession federally illegal. Although certain states and territories of the United States authorize medical or adult-use marijuana production and distribution by licensed or registered entities, under United States federal law, the possession, use, cultivation, and transfer of marijuana and any related drug paraphernalia is illegal. Although our activities currently do not involve any products that contain THC and we are compliant with the applicable state and local laws in states where we do business, should we enter into a new area that involves THC products, strict compliance with state and local laws with respect to cannabis may neither absolve us of liability under United States federal law nor provide a defense to any federal criminal action that may be brought against us. In 2013, as more and more states began to legalize medical and/or adult-use marijuana, the federal government attempted to provide clarity on the incongruity between federal law and these state-legal regulatory frameworks. Until 2018, the federal government provided guidance to federal agencies and banking institutions through a series of DOJ memoranda. The most notable of this guidance came in the form of a memorandum issued by former U.S. Deputy Attorney General James Cole on August 29, 2013, which we refer to as the Cole Memorandum. The Cole Memorandum offered guidance to federal agencies on how to prioritize civil enforcement, criminal investigations and prosecutions regarding marijuana in all states and quickly set a standard for marijuana-related businesses to comply with. The Cole Memorandum put forth eight prosecution priorities: 1. Preventing the distribution of marijuana to minors; 2. Preventing revenue from the sale of marijuana from going to criminal enterprises, gangs and cartels; 3. Preventing the diversion of marijuana from states where it is legal under state law in some form to other states; 4. Preventing the state-authorized marijuana activity from being used as a cover or pretext for the trafficking of other illegal drugs or other illegal activity; 5. Preventing violence and the use of firearms in the cultivation and distribution of marijuana; 6. Preventing drugged driving and the exacerbation of other adverse public health consequences associated with marijuana use; 7. Preventing the growing of marijuana on public lands and the attendant public safety and environmental dangers posed by marijuana production on public lands; and 8. Preventing marijuana possession or use on federal property. On January 4, 2018, former United States Attorney General Sessions rescinded the Cole Memorandum by issuing a new memorandum to all United States Attorneys, which we refer to as the Sessions Memo. Rather than establishing national enforcement priorities particular to marijuana-related crimes in jurisdictions where certain marijuana activity was legal under state law, the Sessions Memo simply rescinded the Cole Memorandum and instructed that [i]n deciding which marijuana activities to prosecute... with the [DOJ s] finite resources, prosecutors should follow the well-established principles that govern all federal prosecutions. Namely, these include the seriousness of the offense, history of criminal activity, deterrent effect of prosecution, the interests of victims, and other principles. 9 Table of Contents Under President Biden, Merrick Garland serves as Attorney General in his administration. It is not yet known whether the Department of Justice under President Biden and Attorney General Garland will re-adopt the Cole Memorandum or announce a substantive marijuana enforcement policy. Nonetheless, there is no guarantee that state laws legalizing and regulating the sale and use of marijuana will not be repealed or overturned, or that local governmental authorities will not limit the applicability of state laws within their respective jurisdictions. Unless and until the United States Congress amends the CSA with respect to marijuana (and as to the timing or scope of any such potential amendments there can be no assurance), there is a risk that federal authorities may enforce current U.S. federal law. Currently, in the absence of uniform federal guidance, as had been established by the Cole memorandum, enforcement priorities are determined by respective United States Attorneys. We are not aware of other specific governmental regulations that impact our business. We do, however, utilize Chinese vendors for manufacturing a significant portion of the products we sell. To the extent that tariffs are imposed on imported goods manufactured in China, our pricing structure and acceptance in the marketplace may be affected. We currently stock our products through distributors in foreign countries when appropriate and ship direct from our manufacturer to the foreign distributor when such can be done at a cost savings. We intend to continue to explore ways that we can hold our costs down on the products we sell in order to minimize price sensitivity concerns with our customers. Environmental Laws We are not aware of any environmental laws that would limit our ability to conduct our current sales and distribution activities in their present form or as we envision them in the near future. As we expand our operations to participate more directly in the cannabis and hemp industries as a distributor of cannabis and hemp products, we may become subject to environmental laws relating to water usage, recycling, waste disposal, and similar regulations that will vary depending on the location of our operations. We intend to address the impact of such environmental regulations when we have a specific use case to evaluate. Number of Total Employees and Number of Full Time Employees As of April 5, 2023, we have no employees in Cannabis Sativa, Inc. At the end of the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had independent contractor arrangements with four officers and directors, and eight outside service providers. PrestoCorp has six employees, including two officers of PrestoCorp. Our employees are not represented by unions, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. The Company also has relationships with several independent contractors who provide services to the Company on a regular and on-going basis. Facilities During all of 2022, CBDS operated out of virtual offices maintained by our officers, directors and contractors. Our subsidiary PrestoDoctor leases an office in New York. PrestoCorp leased office space through WeWork in New York on a month-to-month basis which ended in April 2022. On April 12, 2022, PrestoCorp signed a new lease in New York with Spaces for a two-year term at 2,590 per month expiring in April 2024. 10 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Not required. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are not a party to any material legal proceedings, and, to the best of our knowledge, no such legal proceedings have been threatened against us. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not Applicable. 11 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our shares of common stock are quoted on the OTCQB Market operated by the OTC Markets Group Inc. of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA under the symbol CBDS . Holders of Record On April 5, 2023, there were 70 holders of record of our common stock, as reported by the Company s transfer agent. In computing the number of holders of record, each broker-dealer and clearing corporation holding shares on behalf of its customers is counted as a single stockholder. No Dividends No dividends have ever been paid on our securities, and we have no current plans to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. Equity Compensation Plan During 2017, the Company adopted the Cannabis Sativa, Inc. 2017 Stock Plan which authorized the board of directors to issue up an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares of common stock to allow the Company to compensate employees and consultants from time to time by issuing them shares of Company common stock in return for services provided to the Company rather than paying for the services in cash thereby depleting the cash assets of the Company. As of April 1, 2021, the Company had issued 3,000,000 shares under the 2017 Stock Plan, leaving no shares available for future issuance under the 2017 Plan. On September 25, 2020, the Company adopted the Cannabis Sativa 2020 Stock Plan which authorized the Company to utilize common stock to compensate employees, officers, directors, and independent contractors for services provided to the Company. By resolution dated September 25, 2020, the Company authorized up to 1,000,000 shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to the 2020 Stock Plan. This amount was subsequently increased to 2,000,000 shares on January 27, 2021, and all shares under the 2020 Stock Plan were registered with the Securities Exchange Commission on Form S-8 on January 29, 2021. Registration of the shares in the 2020 Stock Plan allows immediate sale of the shares by the recipient of such shares. As of April 14, 2023, the Company has issued 1,038,908 shares under the 2020 Plan and has 961,092 shares available for future issuance under the 2020 Plan. Transfer Agent Colonial Stock Transfer Co., Inc., 7840 South 700 East, Sandy, Utah 84070, telephone (801) 355-5740, serves as the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 458,333 shares of preferred stock valued at 100,000 to one of our officers for compensation and 1,306,242 shares of common stock valued at 284,564 to various officers and consultants for compensation. Of the common shares issued during the year for services, 515,625 valued at 112,668 were issued to officers and directors of the Company. The Company also issued 7,089,255 shares of common stock in consideration of notes payable and accrued interest related parties in the amount of 1,417,851. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 10,466 shares of restricted common stock for private investment of 5,000. The Company also issued 310,171 shares of preferred stock valued at 150,000 to one of our officers for compensation and 2,716,132 shares of common stock valued at 1,359,207 to various officers and consultants for compensation. Of the common shares issued during the year, 832,908 valued at 417,461 were issued to officers and directors of the Company. 12 Table of Contents Special Sales Practice Requirements with Regard to Penny Stocks To protect investors from patterns of fraud and abuse that have occurred in the market for low priced securities commonly referred to as penny stocks, the SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security having a market price (as defined) less than 5.00 per share, or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our stock is subject to the penny stock regulations during periods in which the price is below 5.00 per share. During any such periods, broker-dealers selling our common stock are subject to additional sales practices when they sell our stock to persons other than established clients and accredited investors. For transactions covered by these rules, before the transaction is executed, the broker-dealer must make a special customer suitability determination, receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction and deliver a risk disclosure document relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also disclose the commission payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative taking the order, current quotations for the securities and, if applicable, the fact that the broker-dealer is the sole market maker and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Such penny stock rules may restrict trading in our common stock and may deter broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock. Item 6. Selected Financial Data Not Applicable. The Company is a smaller reporting company and not subject to the Selected Financial Data requirement of Item 6. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, or MD A, is intended to help the reader understand the Company, our operations, and our present business environment. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes thereto. As discussed in more detail under Forward-Looking Statements immediately following this document s Table of Contents, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management s current expectations, estimates, and projections, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements because of the risks and uncertainties inherent in future events. 13 Table of Contents Results of Operations Fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 compared with fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 The narrative comparison of the results of operations for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are based on the following table. Years Ended A B A-B December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Change REVENUE 1,558,752 1,841,558 (282,806 -15 Cost of revenues 597,842 699,378 (101,536 -15 Cost of sales of total sales 38 38 0 Gross profit 960,910 1,142,180 (181,270 -16 Gross profit of sales 62 62 0 OPERATING EXPENSES Professional fees 488,248 581,660 (93,412 -16 Depreciation and amortization 162,136 171,163 (9,027 -5 Wages and salaries 759,054 711,872 47,182 7 Advertising 38,471 344,904 (306,433 -89 General and administrative 828,071 1,078,204 (250,133 -23 Total operating expenses 2,275,980 2,887,803 (611,823 -21 NET LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS (1,315,070 (1,745,623 430,553 25 Revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 15 compared to the period ended December 31, 2021. Cost of revenues as a percentage of sales was constant at 38 between the periods. The decrease in revenues in 2022 is primarily a result of the lessening impact COVID-19 as we progressed into 2022. In 2021, COVID-19 and the associated concerns with in-person visits to doctors offices caused a surge in the use of telemedicine in general and the Company benefitted from this with an increase in customers seeking medical marijuana cards through telemedicine. In 2022, as the public grew more accustomed to the pandemic, and as vaccinations and booster shots became widely available, the demand for remote visits with physicians for medical marijuana cards decreased. We expect that this softening in the demand for our service will continue in 2023. The softening of demand in 2022 was partially offset by expansion into new territories, focused advertising and marketing efforts, and a continuing focus on customer service and word of mouth referrals of our services. Total operating expenses decreased 21 in 2022 compared with 2021 which trended down as did revenue in the current period. Decreases in professional fees, depreciation and amortization, advertising and general and administrative expenses were offset by increases in wages and salaries. Professional fees decreased with continuing efforts at cost reduction. Depreciation and amortization decreased in part due to the discontinuation of GKMP and IBUD, as reflected below. Advertising costs were reduced by taking a more focused approach to our target markets. Wages and salaries increased with the addition of personnel in our telemedicine business relating to increased selling efforts as we expand to new markets. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash used by operating activities was 235,559 in 2022 compared to 245,986 in 2021. In 2022, financing activities provided 196,200, consisting of proceeds from related party notes payable in the net amount of 27,700, and proceeds from convertible notes payable in the amount of 168,500. We ended 2022 with 97,445 in cash on hand. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. We incurred net losses of 1,174,637 and 2,419,406, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and had an accumulated deficit of 80,603,069 as of December 31, 2022. The Company may seek to raise money for working capital purposes through a public offering of its equity capital or through a private placement of equity capital or convertible debt. It will be important for the Company to be successful in its efforts to raise capital in this manner if it is going to be able to further its business plan in an aggressive manner. Raising capital in this manner will cause dilution to current shareholders. 14 Table of Contents The amount of cash on hand the Company has does not provide sufficient liquidity to meet all of the immediate needs of our current operations. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements None Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk Not Applicable. The Company is a smaller reporting company. Item 8. Financial Statements The following financial statements are being filed with this report and are located immediately following the signature page. Financial Statements, December 31, 2022 and 2021 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounts and Financial Disclosure None Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, or CEO, and Chief Financial Officer, or CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of disclosure controls and procedures is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 15 Table of Contents Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us is accumulated and communicated to our management (including our CEO and CFO), were not effective as of December 31, 2022, and that material information required to be disclosed in this report has not been properly recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner. In making this determination, we reviewed the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting and concluded that the direct involvement of the CFO in all aspects of financial reporting addressed this concern. Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Under the supervision of and with the participation of our CEO and our CFO and with the oversight of the Board of Directors, our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 Framework ). A system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over period end cut-off for recording payables, and communications between accounting personnel and management concerning related party and inter-company transactions. Based on our evaluation under the framework described above, our management concluded that, due to the material weakness, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, in accordance with Item 308(a)(3) of Regulation S-K. Changes in Internal Controls In additional to the identification and assessment of the material weaknesses described above, there were changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting as follows: On October 28, 2022, Brad E. Herr, our long time CFO, resigned his position as CFO for health reasons. However, he agreed to be available as a consultant to assist with financial reporting. On December 22, 2022, Brad E. Herr passed away. The lack of access to Mr. Herr and his extensive knowledge of the financial condition and financial reporting history of the Company, is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting in the near term. Item 9B. Other Information None 16 Table of Contents Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers The following table indicates the name, age, term of office and position held by each of our executive officers and directors. The term of office for each officer position is for one year or until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified by the board of directors. The term of office for a director is for one year or until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified by the stockholders. Name Age Incumbency Positions Held Catherine Carroll 82 2013 Treasurer, Director Trevor Reed 59 2017 Director Robert N. Tankson III 36 2020 Director David Tobias 72 (1) CEO, CFO, Secretary and Director (1) Mr. Tobias has been a director of the Company since 2014, was appointed CEO of the Company on January 9, 2019, became CFO of the Company in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022. Certain biographical information with respect to our executive officers and directors. David Tobias. Mr. Tobias has served as President of Wild Earth Naturals, Inc. since May, 2013. He also served as the President of Hemp, Inc. from August 2011 to January 9, 2014. Prior to that, from October 2009 until May 2011, Mr. Tobias held the position of Vice President at Medical Marijuana Inc. where he was instrumental in bringing forward and culminating the merger between CannaBank and Medical Marijuana, Inc. He was earlier Sales Manager for Tulsa custom builder Xcite Homes, from October 2008 to August 2009. Among other qualifications, Mr. Tobias brings to the Board executive leadership experience, including his service as a president of a public company, along with extensive entrepreneurial experience. Mr. Tobias also has a keen sense of the social, political, and economic environment in which the company operates. On January 1, 2019, Mr. Tobias was appointed CEO as a result of the resignation of the former CEO. Catherine Carroll. Ms. Carroll has been self-employed since 1984. Ms. Carroll brings an extensive background in accounting, tax preparation, IRS audits, and tax appeals to the company. The Board believes that her insights gained from teaching basic tax preparation classes for 15 years, being an expert witness in tax court; along with her Life Time Limited Services teacher s credential in accounting at Delta College in Stockton, CA for 6 years brings the company a valuable perspective. Ms. Carroll had been serving as the CFO, Director and as the Treasurer of the Company since July of 2013. Effective January 30, 2017, she no longer serves as the Company s CFO and will focus her efforts on her positions as Treasurer and Director and keeping the books of the Company. Trevor Reed. Mr. Reed has experience as a contractor, builder and cannabis producer. Mr. Reed started his first company 1989, a hardwood flooring company in Santa Fe, New Mexico. That experience led 15-year career as a custom builder of spec homes in New Mexico. Mr. Reed also engaged in small scale land development and commercial construction in New Mexico. In 2008, Trevor moved to Bend, Oregon to be closer to family. During his time in Oregon, Mr. Reed began to learn about the cannabis business and started growing cannabis. Mr. Reed then returned to New Mexico where he became one of the twenty-five licensed producers of cannabis in the State of New Mexico. Mr. Reed s curiosity and tenacity have led him to be the number one cannabis producer in the State of New Mexico for three years in a row. Mr. Reed has also consulted with State regulatory authorities regarding the development of their state cannabis programs. Under Mr. Reed s direction Natural Rx in New Mexico was the first dispensary to become a United Food and Commercial Workers International Union (UFCW) cannabis division member company in 2014. In 2015, Mr. Reed (with partners) established several cannabis dispensaries and cannabis farms in the State of Oregon. 17 Table of Contents Robert Tankson. Mr. Tankson worked for Google from 2011 through 2012. After leaving Google in 2012, to pursue his passion for business finance and technology, Rob saw an opportunity in the cannabis space to develop a telemedicine platform. This led to the cofounding of PrestoCorp. The PrestoCorp platform, known as PrestoDoctor, is an online medical cannabis evaluation service that connects patients with cannabis friendly doctors in California, Nevada, New York, Oklahoma and Missouri, with more states in the pipeline. As an executive of PrestoCorp, Rob directed the search for a business partner and ultimately the acquisition of 51 of PrestoCorp by Cannabis Sativa, Inc., in August 2017. Rob continues as an executive of PrestoCorp and is now helping to direct the rapid expansion of the PrestoDoctor platform in the rapidly changing world during and after the Covid-19 pandemic. The following is a brief description of the specific experience and qualifications, attributes or skills of each director that led to the conclusion that such person should serve as a director of the Company. Mr. David Tobias knowledge regarding the business of Wild Earth and the implementation of its business plan, provides a critical link between management and the board, enabling the board to provide its oversight function with the benefit of management s perspective of the business. Ms. Carroll s knowledge regarding the history, operations and financial condition of Wild Earth provides a critical link between management and the board, enabling the board to provide its oversight function with the benefit of management s perspective of the business. Mr. Reed s knowledge of the cannabis industry and his work with state regulators in connection with cannabis legislation brings valuable insight regarding the emerging cannabis industry and regulation to the board of directors. Mr. Tankson s experience in the telemedicine space and his position as an executive of PrestoCorp will provide the Board with insights into the company s attempts to grow the telemedicine business as telemedicine becomes an ever more important aspect of life after the COVID-19 pandemic abates. Family Relationships There are no family relationships between any of our officers and directors. Term of Office The term of office of each director is one year and until his or her successor is elected at the annual stockholders meeting and is qualified, subject to removal by the stockholders. The term of office for each officer is for one year and until his or her successor is elected at the annual meeting of the board of directors and is qualified, subject to removal by the board of directors. David Tobias was appointed President of the Company on March 29, 2016, and CEO of the Company on January 9, 2019. Cathy Carroll joined the Board in 2013 and also serves as Treasurer of the Company. Trevor Reed joined the Board in 2017. Robert Tankson joined the Board on January 31, 2020. Board of Directors Our board of directors consists of four persons. One director, Trevor Reed, is independent within the meaning of Rule 5605(a)(3) of the NASDAQ Marketplace. The three that are not independent are officers of the Company or a subsidiary. Our board of directors designated an audit committee to be comprised of two independent directors. At this time, the Company only has one independent director. The board also does not have an independent financial expert to serve on the audit committee. As a result, the Company is not able to designate an audit committee and the function of the audit committee is currently being performed by the entire Board. The board of directors has designated a compensation committee comprised of two independent directors. At this time, the Company only has one independent director. As a result, the Company is not able to designate a compensation committee and the function of the compensation committee is currently being performed by the entire Board. 18 Table of Contents The Company s Board of Directors also performs the functions that would customarily be performed by a nominating committee. The Board of Directors does not believe a separate nominating committee is required at this time due to the limited resources of the Company. The Board of Directors has not established policies with regard to the consideration of director candidates recommended by security holders or the minimum qualifications of such candidates. Director Meetings In 2022, the Company s Board of Directors meetings were held as needed via remote conference call. As a matter of convenience, many of the actions requiring Board approval are conducted telephonically and then documented as consent minutes. All minutes approved by consent require signatures from all directors. Most Board meetings are attended by all of the Directors, and absences, if any, are noted in the minutes. In 2023, meetings will be held at least once quarterly and more often if needed. Actions may also be taken in 2023 without formal meeting by consent signed by each of the directors. Communications with Directors Stockholders may communicate with the Board of Directors by sending written communications addressed to the Board of Directors, or any individual director, to: Cannabis Sativa, Inc., Attention: Corporate Secretary, 450 Hillside Dr., #A224, Mesquite, NV 89027. All communications will be compiled by the corporate secretary and forwarded to the Board of Directors or any individual director, as appropriate. In order to facilitate a response to any such communication, the Company s Board of Directors suggests, but does not require, that any such submission include the name and contact information of the shareholder submitting the communication. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Policy that applies to our executive officers, including our principal executive, financial and accounting officers. During the past ten years none of our directors, executive officers, promoters, or control persons was: 1. the subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 2. convicted in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 3. subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or 4. found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports of securities ownership and changes in such ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors, and greater than ten percent shareholders also are required by rules promulgated by the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us, we believe that one of our directors needs to file a Form 3. Item 11. Executive Compensation The following table sets forth certain information regarding the annual compensation paid to our principal executive officer and principal financial officer in all capacities for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. No other person served as an executive officer of the Company or received total annual compensation from the Company in excess of 100,000 other than Mr. Tobias, Ms. Carroll, and Mr. Herr as set forth in the table. 19 Table of Contents Summary Compensation Table Name and Position Year Salary ) Stock Awards Total ) David Tobias, CEO, President, Sec., Director 2022 -- 80,000 80,000 2021 -- 150,000 150,000 Brad E. Herr, CFO, Director 2022 25,000 80,000 105,000 2021 -- 250,000 250,000 Catherine Carroll, Treasurer, Director (1) 2022 -- 0 0 2021 -- 112,500 112,500 1. Catherine Carroll serves as Treasurer and Director of the Company and maintains the accounting records for the Company. We do not have any retirement, pension or profit-sharing plans covering our officers or directors, and we are not contemplating implementing any such plans at this time. Director Compensation Our directors are issued shares of common stock quarterly for their service on the board of directors. Prior to January 2022, quarterly director compensation was common shares having a market value of 5,000. In January of 2022, quarterly director compensation was changed to common shares having a market value of 2,500. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth as of February 1, 2023, the number of shares of our common stock, par value 0.001, owned of record or beneficially by each person known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock, and by each of our officers and directors, and by all officers and directors as a group. On such date, there were 45,566,365 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. Unless indicated otherwise, the address for any shareholder is the same as the address of the Registrant. SHARE OWNERSHIP Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount of Direct Ownership Amount of Indirect Ownership Total Beneficial Principal Stockholders Common Preferred Common Preferred Ownership Percentage Sadia Barrameda (1) 1,561,986 - 4,753,967 - 6,315,953 13.9 New Compendium Corp. (2) 4,753,967 - 1,561,986 - 6,315,953 13.9 David Tobias 8,980,008 - 35,000 - 9,015,008 19,8 Officers and Directors David Tobias (3) 8,980,008 - 35,000 - 9,015,008 19.8 Catherine Carroll (4) 1,115,639 - 136,068 - 1,251,707 2.7 Trevor Reed 215,530 - - - 215,530 0.5 Robert Tankson 77,951 - - - 77,951 0.2 All Officers and Directors as a Group 10,389,128 - 171,068 - 10,560,196 23.2 (1) Ms. Barrameda is deemed to be the beneficial owner of the 4,753,967 Common Shares owned by New Compendium Corporation as a result of her status as an officer, director and significant shareholder of New Compendium. Ms. Barrameda s address is P.O. Box 1363, Discovery Bay, CA 94505. (2) New Compendium Corp. is deemed the beneficial owner of 1,561,986 Common Shares owned by Sadia Barrameda. Ms. Barrameda is an affiliate of New Compendium Corp. New Compendium s address is P.O. Box 1363, Discovery Bay, CA 94505. (3) Mr. Tobias is the beneficial owner of 35,000 common shares owned by his wife. Mr. Tobias address is 450 Hillside Drive, #A224, Mesquite, NV 89027. (4) Ms. Carroll is deemed to be the beneficial owner of 136,068 Common Shares owned by Carroll s Consulting LLC, a company wholly owned by Ms. Carroll. Ms. Carroll s address is 450 Hillside Drive, #A224, Mesquite, NV 89027. 20 Table of Contents Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company received short-term advances and proceeds from notes payable from related parties and officers of the Company, including David Tobias and Cathy Carroll, to cover operating expenses. The notes payable bear interest at rates between 5 and 8 per annum. Total notes payable amount to 1,218,038 and the Company recorded interest expense related to these balances in the amount of 66,872 during 2021. Aggregate accrued interest on the notes payable at December 31, 2021 was 204,613. The notes came due December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company received short-term advances and proceeds from notes payable from related parties and officers of the Company, including David Tobias and Cathy Carroll, to cover operating expenses. The notes payable bear interest at rates between 5 and 8 per annum. Total notes payable amount to 91,700 and the Company recorded interest expense related to these balances in the amount of 4,228 during 2022. Aggregate accrued interest on the notes payable at December 31, 2022 was 16,374. The principal of the notes were paid down from the amounts due on December 31, 2021, upon the issuance of stock. The remaining principal balance no longer accrues interest. Approval of Related Party Transactions Related party transactions are reviewed and approved or denied by the board of directors of the Company. If the related party to a transaction is a member of the board of directors, the transaction must be approved by a majority of the board that does not include the related party. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The following table presents aggregate fees that were billed or expected to be billed for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, for professional services rendered by Assure CPA LLC. 2022 2021 Audit Fees 79.500 80,309 Audit-Related Fees - 7,062 Tax Fees - - Other Fees - - Total 79,500 87,371 Audit Fees represents fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports and related services normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings and engagements and consents. Audit-Related Fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of the financial statements of Presto Corp. Tax Fees consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. Other Fees consists of fees for products and services provided by our principal accountants, other than the services reported under Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees, or Tax Fees above. Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors It is the policy of the Company for all work performed by our principal accountant to be approved in advance by our audit committee. Currently the audit committee does not have the requisite number of independent Board Members. Accordingly, the functions of the audit committee are now being performed by the Full Board. All of the services described above in this Item 14 were approved in advance by our Board of Directors. 21 Table of Contents Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. The following documents are included as exhibits to this report. (a) Exhibits Exhibit Number SEC Reference Number Title of Document Location 2.1 2 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization among Ultra Sun Corporation, Ultra Merger Corp. and Wild Earth Naturals, Inc., dated as of July 12, 2013 Incorporated by Reference (1) 2.2 2 Articles of Merger among Ultra Merger Corp. and Wild Earth Naturals dated as of July 12, 2013 Incorporated by Reference (1) 2.3 2 Plan of Merger among Ultra Merger Corp. and Wild Earth Naturals dated as of July 12, 2013 Incorporated by Reference (1) 3.1 3 Articles of Incorporation Incorporated by Reference (2) 3.2 3 Bylaws Incorporated by Reference (2) 10.1 10 Consulting Agreement dated July 12, 2013 between Ultra Sun Corporation and Neil Blosch Incorporated by Reference (1) 10.2 10 Form of Convertible Promissory Notes dated as of April 22, 2013 and Schedule of Notes Beneficially Owned by Officers, Directors and Principal Stockholders as of July 15, 2013 Incorporated by Reference (1) 10.3 10 Offer for Purchase and Sale of Business and Assets Between LST Utah, LLC and the Registrant dated August 23, 2013 and related agreements Incorporated by Reference (3) 10.4 10 Noncompetition Agreement among the Registrant, David Tobias and LST Utah, LLC dated as of September 27, 2013. Incorporated by Reference (3) Exhibit Number SEC Reference Number Title of Document Location 31.1 31 Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer This Filing 31.2 31 Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer This Filing 32.1 32 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer This Filing 32.2 32 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer This Filing 101.INS (4) XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH (4) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL (4) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF (4) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB (4) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE (4) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase The exhibits and schedules to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization are not included in the foregoing exhibit. The Registrant undertakes to furnish the Commission with supplemental copies of any omitted items on request. (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K report filed July 18, 2013. (2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 3(i) and 3(ii) of the Company s registration statement on Form 10-12G, filed with the SEC on January 28, 2009. (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed October 25, 2013. (4) XBRL information is furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is not subject to liability under those sections, is not part of any registration statement or prospectus to which it relates and is not incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference into any registration statement, prospectus or other document. These documents will be filed by amendment. [SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE] 22 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Cannabis Sativa, Inc. (Registrant) Dated: April 18, 2023 By: /s/ David Tobias David Tobias Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. /s/ David Tobias Dated: April 18, 2023 David Tobias Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Catherine Carroll Dated: April 18, 2023 Catherine Carroll Director /s/ Trevor Reed Dated: April 18, 2023 Trevor Reed Director /s/ Robert N. Tankson III Dated: April 18, 2023 Robert N. Tankson III Director 23 Table of Contents Page FINANCIAL STATEMENTS for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Consolidated balance sheets FS - 3 Consolidated statements of operations FS - 4 Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity FS - 5 Consolidated statements of cash flows FS - 6 Notes to consolidated financial statements FS 7 through FS 18 FS-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the stockholders and the board of directors of Cannabis Sativa, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Cannabis Sativa, Inc. the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has negative working capital and accumulated deficit. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/Assure CPA, LLC. Spokane, Washington April 17, 2023 We have served as the Company's independent auditor since 2019. FS-2 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets Cash 97,445 194,060 Investment in equity securities, at fair value 379,858 208,540 Total Current Assets 477,303 402,600 Advances to related party 55,666 Right of use asset 38,968 Property and equipment, net 2,709 1,974 Intangible assets, net 158,943 320,806 Goodwill 1,837,202 1,837,202 Total Assets 2,570,791 2,562,582 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses 164,411 95,031 Operating lease liability, current 28,736 Accrued interest - related parties 16,374 204,613 Convertible notes payable 168,500 Notes payable to related parties 91,700 1,218,038 Total Current Liabilities 469,721 1,517,682 Long-term liabilities Operating lease liability, long term 10,232 Stock payable 418,156 Total Liabilities 898,109 1,517,682 Commitments and contingencies (Notes 6 and 8) Stockholders Equity: Preferred stock 0.001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; -0- and 777,654 issued and outstanding, respectively 778 Common stock 0.001 par value; 495,000,000 shares authorized; 45,566,363 and 30,746,865 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 45,567 30,748 Additional paid-in capital 80,939,618 79,151,240 Accumulated deficit (80,603,069 (79,475,968 Total Cannabis Sativa, Inc. Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 382,116 (293,202 Non-Controlling Interest 1,290,566 1,338,102 Total Stockholders Equity 1,672,682 1,044,900 Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 2,570,791 2,562,582 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. FS-3 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues 1,558,752 1,841,558 Cost of Revenues 597,842 699,378 Gross Profit 960,910 1,142,180 Operating Expenses Professional fees 488,248 581,660 Depreciation and amortization 162,136 171,163 Wages and salaries 759,054 711,872 Advertising 38,471 344,904 General and administrative 828,071 1,078,204 Total Operating Expenses 2,275,980 2,887,803 Loss from Operations (1,315,070 (1,745,623 Other (Income) and Expenses Unrealized (gain) loss on investment (171,318 542,442 (Gain) loss on sale of investment securities (5,000 Interest expense 30,885 66,872 Total Other (Income) Expenses, Net (140,433 604,314 Loss Before Income Taxes (1,174,637 (2,349,937 Income Taxes Net Loss From Continuing Operations (1,174,637 (2,349,937 Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations Operating loss on discontinued operations (234,205 Gain on sale of subsidiaries 164,736 Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations (69,469 Net Loss (1,174,637 (2,419,406 Loss attributable to non-controlling interest - GK Manufacturing (114,467 Loss attributable to non-controlling interest - iBudTender (1,614 Income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest - PrestoCorp (47,536 144,304 Net Loss Attributable To Cannabis Sativa, Inc. (1,127,101 (2,447,629 Net Loss per Common Share: Basic Diluted From continuing operations (0.03 (0.08 From discontinued operations 0.00 0.00 Total (0.03 (0.08 Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding: Basic Diluted 38,068,401 29,283,393 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. FS-4 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Accumulated Non-controlling Interest - Non-controlling Interest - Non-controlling Interest - GK Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Prestocorp iBudTender Manufacturing Total Balance - January 1, 2021 1,090,128 1,090 27,453,178 27,455 77,660,014 (77,028,339 1,193,798 47,264 (263,067 1,638,215 Conversion of preferred to common (622,645 (622 622,645 622 Cash proceeds from sale of stock 10,466 11 4,989 5,000 Shares issued for services 310,171 310 2,716,132 2,716 1,506,181 1,509,207 Cancellation of shares issued for services (55,556 (56 (19,944 (20,000 Sale of non controlling interest (45,650 377,534 331,884 Net income (loss) (2,447,629 144,304 (1,614 (114,467 (2,419,406 Balance - December 31, 2021 777,654 778 30,746,865 30,748 79,151,240 (79,475,968 1,338,102 1,044,900 Balance - January 1, 2022 777,654 778 30,746,865 30,748 79,151,240 (79,475,968 1,338,102 1,044,900 Conversion of preferred to common (1:1) (947,764 (948 947,764 948 Conversion of preferred to common (19:1) (288,223 (288 5,476,237 5,476 (5,188 Shares issued for services 458,333 458 1,306,242 1,306 382,804 384,568 Shares issued in consideration of notes and accrued interest payable 7,089,255 7,089 1,410,762 1,417,851 Net loss (1,127,101 (47,536 (1,174,637 Balance - December 31, 2022 45,566,363 45,567 80,939,618 (80,603,069 1,290,566 1,672,682 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. FS-5 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss (1,174,637 (2,419,406 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Unrealized loss (gain) on investments (171,318 542,442 Gain on forgiveness of CARES Act Loan (5,000 Gain on sale of subsidiaries (164,736 Depreciation and amortization 162,136 188,114 Stock issued for services 384,568 1,489,207 Stock payable for services 418,156 Note payable issued for services 60,000 25,000 Write off of abandoned equipment 582 Changes in Assets and Liabilities: Inventories 27,499 Prepaid consulting and other current assets (11,380 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 69,380 20,344 Accrued interest - related parties 15,574 60,589 Customer deposits 1,341 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities (235,559 (245,986 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchase of equipment (1,590 Advances to related party (55,666 Transferred on sale of non-controlling interest (21,321 Proceeds from sale of subsidiaries 44,017 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities (57,256 22,696 Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from sale of common stock 5,000 Proceeds from advances from related parties 48,083 Proceeds from related parties notes payable 44,040 42,160 Payments on related parties notes payable (16,340 Proceeds from convertible note payable 168,500 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 196,200 95,243 NET CHANGE IN CASH (96,615 (128,047 CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 194,060 322,107 CASH AT END OF YEAR 97,445 194,060 Supplemental Disclosures of Non Cash Activities: Noncash investing and financing activities: Shares issued in consideration of notes and interest payable 1,417,851 Operating lease liability from acquiring right to use asset 56,595 Sale of Minority Interests Stock Received 600,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. FS-6 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Nature of Business: Cannabis Sativa, Inc. (the Company, us , we or our was incorporated as Ultra Sun Corp. under the laws of Nevada in November 2004. On November 13, 2013, we changed our name to Cannabis Sativa, Inc. We operate through several subsidiaries including: PrestoCorp, Inc. PrestoCorp Wild Earth Naturals, Inc. Wild Earth Kubby Patent and Licenses Limited Liability Company KPAL Hi Brands, International, Inc. Hi Brands Eden Holdings LLC Eden ). iBudtender, Inc. iBud through April 2021 GK Manufacturing and Packaging, Inc. GKMP - through April 2021 PrestoCorp is a 51 owned subsidiary and until April 22, 2021, GKMP and iBud were 51 and 50.1 owned subsidiaries. Wild Earth, KPAL, Hi Brands, and Eden are wholly owned subsidiaries. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, PrestoCorp is the sole operating subsidiary. Until sale of the Company s interest in April 2021, GKMP and iBud tender were operating subsidiaries although iBud was not generating any revenue. Our primary operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and through December 31, 2022 were through PrestoCorp, which provides telemedicine online referral services for customers desiring medical marijuana cards in states where medical marijuana has been legalized. The Company is actively seeking new business opportunities for acquisition and is continually reviewing opportunities for product and brand development through our Wild Earth, Hi Brands, and KPAL subsidiaries. Principles of Consolidation: The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Cannabis Sativa, Inc. (the Company or CBDS ), and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and PrestoCorp, a 51 owned subsidiary. On April 22, 2021, we sold our interests in two companies in which the Company had majority control, iBud and GKMP. These consolidated financial statements include operations of iBud and GKMP through April 22, 2021. All significant inter-company balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Non-controlling Interests: Non-controlling interests are portions of entities included in the condensed consolidated financial statements that are not attributable to the Company. Non-controlling interest are identified separately from the Company s stockholders equity and its net income (loss). Non-controlling interest equity balances include the non-controlling entity s initial contribution at the date of the original acquisition, ongoing contributions, distributions, and percentage share of earnings since inception. The non-controlling interests are calculated based on percentages of ownership. Going Concern: The Company has an accumulated deficit of 80,603,069 at December 31, 2022, which, among other factors, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company s ability to generate profitable operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they are due. FS-7 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Use of Estimates: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Significant estimates and assumptions by management affect the allowance for doubtful accounts, the carrying value of long-lived assets (including goodwill and intangible assets), the provision for income taxes and related deferred tax accounts, certain accrued liabilities, revenue recognition, contingencies, and the value attributed to stock-based awards. Property and Equipment: Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is provided for on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The average lives range from five (5) to ten (10) years. Leasehold improvements are amortized on the straight-line method over the lesser of the lease term or the useful life. When assets are retired or sold, the costs and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. Maintenance and repairs that neither materially add to the value of the property nor appreciably prolong its life are charged to expense as incurred. Betterments or renewals are capitalized when incurred. Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments: When required to measure assets or liabilities at fair value, the Company uses a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding the inputs used. The Company determines the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall. The categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Level 1 uses quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, Level 2 uses significant other observable inputs, and Level 3 uses significant unobservable inputs. The amount of the total gains or losses for the period are included in earnings that are attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to those assets and liabilities still held at the reporting date. We measure our investment in equity securities at fair value on a recurring basis. The Company s investments in equity securities are valued using inputs observable in active markets and are therefore classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, convertible debt and balances due to and from related parties approximate fair value given their short-term nature. Cash: Cash is held at major financial institutions and insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to federal insurance limits. The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less when acquired to be cash equivalents. Net Loss per Share: Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period and contains no dilutive securities. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution of securities that could share in the earnings of the Company. Potentially dilutive shares are excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share because the effect is anti-dilutive. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 50,000 and 175,000 outstanding warrants, respectively, and -0- and 777,654 shares of convertible preferred stock, respectively, that would be dilutive to future periods net income if converted. The number of shares that can be converted per the convertible note agreement cannot be converted until after December 31, 2022 thus are not dilutive as of that date. FS-8 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Investments: Equity securities of investments in which the Company owns less than 20 and/or has no significant influence are generally measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. Upon sale of an equity security, the realized gain or loss is recognized in earnings. Investments in companies in which the Company owns more than 20 and has the ability to exercise significant influence, but do not control, are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. In determining whether significant influence exists, the Company will consider its participation in policy-making decisions and representation on governing bodies. Under the equity method of accounting, the Company s share of the net earnings or losses of the investee are included in earnings. The Company may elect to account for certain equity method investments at fair value whereby the carrying value of the investment is adjusted to fair value at the end of each period and the related change in fair value is recognized in earning. For these investments, the Company s share of the net earnings or losses of the investee are not included in earnings. Companies in which the Company holds investments amounting to more than 50 of the voting interests, but less than 100 , and in which the Company has significant influence, are consolidated and other investor interests are presented as non-controlling. Revenue Recognition: In the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company operated one division, the telehealth business operated through PrestoCorp. In the year ending December 31, 2021, the Company operated two divisions, the telehealth business operated through PrestoCorp and the contract manufacturing business operated through GKMP. The contract manufacturing business was sold on April 22, 2021. The telehealth division generates revenue based on a per telehealth visit for clients looking to obtain a permit to use marijuana for medical purposes in states that have legalized medical marijuana. Revenues are recognized when the Company satisfies its performance obligation to provide telehealth services upon a referral to a contracted physician. The obligation to perform the referral and the referral are automated and occur at the same time an online client subscribes for the visit and gains access to our network of health care professionals. Recognition of revenue is not dependent on the issuance of a marijuana card since issuance of the card is dependent on health and other factors beyond our control. This initial service is a one-time referral to a physician. Clients may return for other telehealth consultations, typically regarding product recommendations, and such additional physician referrals are provided at an additional cost. The billing and payment processes for each physician referral are automated through our online platform. Revenue is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration that is received in exchange for each physician referral provided to the client. Provision for sales incentives, discounts and returns and allowances, if applicable, are accounted for as reductions of revenue in the period the related sales are recorded. The Company had no warranty costs associated with the sales of its products. Intangible Assets and Goodwill: Intangible asset amounts represent the acquisition date fair values of identifiable intangible assets acquired. The fair values of the intangible assets were determined by using the income approach, discounting projected future cash flows based on management s expectations of the current and future operating environment. The rates used to discount projected future cash flows reflected a weighted average cost of capital based on our industry, capital structure and risk premiums including those reflected in the current market capitalization. Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives, which have historically ranged from 5 to 10 years. The carrying amounts of our definite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the entity may be unable to recover the asset group s carrying amount. We do not have any indefinite-lived intangible assets recorded from acquisitions. FS-9 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. The fair value of the reporting unit is evaluated on qualitative factors to determine if the reported value may be impaired. If the qualitative factors indicate a likelihood of impairment, we then evaluate carrying value of the reporting unit based on quantitative factors using the income approach. An impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying value of goodwill for the reporting unit over its implied fair value. Advertising Expense: Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and are broken out separately in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Stock-Based Compensation: Stock-based payments to employees and non-employees are recognized at their fair values. Compensation expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). Transactions in which goods or services are received for the issuance of shares of the Company s preferred or common stock are accounted for based on the fair value of the common stock issued. The Company currently recognizes compensation costs immediately as our awards are 100 vested at the time of issuance. Forfeitures are recognized upon occurrence. Income Taxes: The Company utilizes the liability method of accounting for income taxes which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be recorded to reflect the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the book and tax basis of various assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Additionally, deferred tax assets are evaluated, and a valuation allowance is established if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. There can be no assurance that the Company s future operations will produce sufficient earnings so that the deferred tax asset can be fully utilized. The Company currently maintains a full valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets. Uncertain tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process, whereby (i) it is determined whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and (ii) for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority would be recognized. Leases: The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease, or contains a lease, at the inception of an arrangement. If the Company determines that the arrangement is a lease, or contains a lease, at lease inception, it then determines whether the lease is an operating lease or finance lease. Operating and finance leases result in recording a right-of-use ROU asset and lease liability on the consolidated balance sheets. ROU assets represent the Company s right of use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. For purposes of calculating operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities, the Company uses the non-cancellable lease term plus options to extend that it is reasonably certain to exercise. Lease expense for operating lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company has elected not to recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities that arise from short-term (12 months or less) leases for any class of underlying asset. The Company has elected not to separate lease and non-lease components for any class of underlying asset. FS-10 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Contingencies: In determining accruals and disclosures with respect to loss contingencies, the Company evaluates such accruals and contingencies for each reporting period. Estimated losses from loss contingencies are accrued by a charge to income when information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability could be incurred, and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal expenses associated with the contingency are expensed as incurred. If a loss contingency is not probable or reasonably estimable, disclosure of the loss contingency is made in the financial statements when it is at least reasonably possible that a material loss could be incurred. Reclassifications: Certain reclassifications have been made to conform prior years amounts to the current presentation. These reclassifications have no effect on the results of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows as previously reported. Recent Accounting Pronouncement: Accounting Standards Updates Adopted In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2019-12 Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity. The update is to address issues identified as a result of the complexity associated with applying generally accepted accounting principles for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years and with early adoption permitted. Early adoption of this update had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Other accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by FASB that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on the financial statements upon adoption. 2. Intangibles and Goodwill The Company considers all intangibles to be definite-lived assets with lives of 5 to 10 years. Intangibles consisted of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 CBDS.com website (Cannabis Sativa) 13,999 13,999 Intellectual Property Rights (PrestoCorp) 240,000 240,000 Patents and Trademarks (KPAL) 1,281,411 1,281,411 Total Intangibles 1,535,410 1,535,410 Less: Accumulated Amortization (1,376,467 (1,214,604 Net Intangible Assets 158,943 320,806 Amortization expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 161,863 and 169,140, respectively. FS-11 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Amortization of intangibles through 2027 is: January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 151,686 January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 3,054 January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025 932 January 1, 2026 to December 31, 2026 932 January 1, 2027 to December 31, 2027 932 Goodwill in the amount of 3,010,202 was recorded as part of the acquisition of PrestoCorp that occurred on August 1, 2017. Cumulative impairment of the PrestoCorp goodwill totals 1,173,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The balance of goodwill at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1,837,202. 3. Sale of Majority Owned Subsidiaries and Discontinued Operations On April 22, 2021, the Company sold its majority interests in GKMP (51 and iBud (50.1 to THC Farmaceuticals, Inc. CBDG ). In consideration of the transaction, the Company received 1,500,000 shares of CBDG common stock and 1,500,000 shares of CBDG preferred stock. The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, David Tobias is a Director of CBDG. Shares of CBDG common stock are traded on the OTC Pink Sheets Market. The sale of the Company s majority interests was undertaken to allow the Company to focus on its other operating subsidiary, PrestoCorp, to focus on capital formation for expansion of PrestoCorp, and to pursue other opportunities. At the time of the sale, iBud was inactive and GKMP had not yet achieved positive cash flow from operations. On the closing date of the sale, CBDG common shares closed at 0.20 per share, for a fair value of 300,000. The CBDG preferred stock received is convertible into CBDG common stock on a one for one basis and has no other rights or preferences that distinguish it from the common stock and are convertible at any time by the Company. Management determined that the shares of preferred stock received are equivalent to CBDG s common stock and valued the preferred shares at the same rate. In the aggregate, the total shares of CBDG stock received were valued at 600,000 on the date of the sale. The Company recognized a gain on sale of subsidiaries of 164,470 which represented the value of the consideration received consisting of the value of CBDG s shares plus the carrying value of the subsidiaries non-controlling interest reduced by the net asset of each subsidiary: Consideration received: Common stock of CBDG, fair value 300,000 Preferred stock of CBDG, fair value 300,000 Total consideration 600,000 Non-controlling interests (331,884 Consideration attributable to the Company 268,116 Less: Net assets of subsidiaries on date of disposition: GKMP 112,350 iBud (8,970 Total net assets 103,380 Gain on sale of subsidiaries 164,736 FS-12 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 As a result of the sale, the Company has discontinued its operations for both subsidiaries. Summaries of the discontinued operations of GKMP and iBud for the period January 1, 2021 to April 22, 2021 (date of disposition) are provided below. January 1 to Discontinued Operations of GKMP April 22, 2021 REVENUE 75,866 Cost of revenues 91,316 Gross profit (15,450 EXPENSES Depreciation and amortization 5,526 Wages and salaries 106,224 Advertising 1,693 General and administrative 104,177 Total expenses 217,620 NET LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (233,070 January 1 to Discontinued Operations of IBUD April 22, 2021 REVENUE - EXPENSES Depreciation and amortization 1,135 Total expenses 1,135 NET LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (1,135 Aggregate net loss from discontinued operations (234,205 Gain on sale of discontinued operations 164,736 NET LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (69,469 GKMP and iBud generated losses from operations during the periods they were operated by the Company. The sale of our interests in GKMP and iBud was to allow management to devote more resources to PrestoCorp. 4. Related Party Transactions In addition to items disclosed in Notes 3, 5 and 7, the Company had additional related party transactions during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Historically, the Company has received funds from borrowings on notes payable and advances from related parties and officers of the Company to cover operating expenses. Related parties include the officers and directors of the Company and a significant shareholder holding in excess of 10 of the Company s outstanding shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, David Tobias, the Company s chief executive officer and director, loaned 44,040 to the Company for notes payable bearing interest at the rate of 5 per annum due on December 31, 2022. The Company paid 11,340 on this note during 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company and Cathy Carroll, director, entered into a note payable for 55,000 for compensation due her for services. Ms. Carroll s note bears interest at 5 per annum and is due December 31, 2022. The notes payable totaled 60,000 of which 5,000 was paid by the Company during 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, David Tobias loaned 42,160 to the Company for notes payable bearing interest at the rate of 5 per annum due on December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company and Cathy Carroll, director, entered into a note payable for 25,000 for compensation due her for services. Ms. Carroll s note bears interest at 5 per annum and is due December 31, 2021. The notes payable to Mr. Tobias and Ms. Carroll were extended and are now due December 31, 2022. FS-13 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense related to notes payable to related parties at the rates between 5 and 8 per annum in the amounts of 16,374 and 66,872, respectively. The following tables reflect the related party note payable balances. Related party notes Accrued interest Total December 31, 2022 David Tobias, CEO Director 32,700 12,482 45,182 New Compendium, greater than 10 Shareholder - 1,906 1,906 Cathy Carroll, Director 55,000 986 55,986 Other Affiliates 4,000 1,000 5,000 Totals 91,700 16,374 108,074 Related party notes Accrued interest Total December 31, 2021 David Tobias, CEO Director 986,538 169,057 1,155,595 New Compendium, greater than 10 Shareholder 152,500 27,688 180,188 Cathy Carroll, Director 75,000 7,068 82,068 Other Affiliates 4,000 800 4,800 Totals 1,218,038 204,613 1,422,651 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 7,089,255 shares of common stock in settlement of 1,214,038 in related party notes payable and 203,813 in accrued interest attributable to these notes. The fair value of the shares issued approximated the carrying value of the notes and interest payable. In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred approximately 26,389 and 111,100, respectively, for consulting services from a nephew of the Company s president. The services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were paid in shares of the Company s common stock. These amounts are included in the statements of operations in general and administrative expenses. At December 31, 2022, the Company has a balance due from MJ Harvest, Inc., with whom the Company plans to merge, of 55,666 (see Note 9). The amount is included in advances to related party on the consolidated balance sheets. The funds were advanced to MJ Harvest, Inc. to cover operating expenses. 5. Investments At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owns 8,238,769 shares respectively, of common stock of Medical Cannabis Payment Solutions (ticker: REFG). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the investment in REFG was 12,358 and 25,540, respectively. The Company recognized a loss on the change in fair value of 13,182 and 134,235 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. FS-14 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 In 2021, the Company received 1,500,000 shares of common stock and 1,500,000 shares of preferred stock of THC Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ticker: CBDG). The CBDG shares were received as consideration for the sale of the Company s majority interest in iBud and GKMP in the year ended December 31, 2021. On the date of sale, the shares were valued at fair value which was 0.20 per share or 600,000 in the aggregate. See Note 4. The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, David Tobias is a Director of CBDG. The Company s investment in CBDG represents 15 of CBDG s voting shares on a fully diluted basis which, coupled with Mr. Tobias position as a director and his individual investment in CBDG, results in the Company having significant influence over CBDG. The Company elected to account for its investment in CBDG at fair value because the Company does not intend to hold the investment for a long period of time and the shares are readily marketable. The fair value of the Company s investment at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 367,500 and 183,000 resulting in a gain (loss) of 184,500 and 417,000) for the change in fair value during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 6 . Convertible Notes Payable On August 25, 2022 and November 7, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC Diagonal whereby the Company issued convertible notes to Diagonal with principal amounts of 104,250 and 64,250, respectively. The notes bear interest at 10 and have terms of one year when payment of principal and interest is due. After 180 days, the notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock the number of which determined by dividing the principal balance outstanding by 65 of the lowest trading price of the Company s stock during the five previous trading days before the date of the conversion. At December 31, 2022, accrued interest payable and interest expense on these notes was 4,546. Accrued interest payable is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet. 7. Stockholders Equity Change in Authorized Shares The Company increased the number of authorized common shares the Company is authorized to issue to 495,000,000 on August 8, 2022. This change in capital structure was approved without a meeting by the consent of the shareholders holding a majority of the common stock outstanding and Articles of Amendment were filed with the State of Nevada. Securities Issuances During the years ended December 31, 2022, shares of common stock and preferred stock were issued to related and non-related parties for the purposes indicated, as follows: Share Issuances in the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Services Common Preferred Value Related Parties David Tobias, Officer, Director - 458,333 100,000 Brad Herr, Officer, Director 458,333 - 100,168 Robert Tankson, Director 28,646 - 6,250 Trevor Reed, Director 28,646 - 6,250 Total related party issuances 515,625 458,333 212,668 Non-related party issuances 790,617 - 171,896 Total shares for services 1,306,242 458,333 384,564 Shares issued in consideration of notes and accrued interest - related parties 7,089,255 - 1,417,851 Conversion of preferred to common (1:1) 947,764 (947,764 - Conversion of preferred to common (19:1) 5,476,237 (288,223 - Aggregate Totals 14,819,498 (777,654 1,802,415 FS-15 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 During the year ended December 31, 2021, shares of common stock and preferred stock were issued to related and non-related parties for the purposes indicated, as follows: Share Issuances in the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Services Common Preferred Value Related Parties David Tobias, Officer, Director - 310,171 150,000 Brad Herr, Officer, Director 516,949 - 250,000 Robert Tankson, Director 61,236 - 29,961 Cathy Carroll, Director 203,027 112,500 Trevor Reed, Director 51,696 - 25,000 Total related party issuances 832,908 310,171 567,461 Non-related party issuances 1,883,224 - 941,746 Total shares for services 2,716,132 310,171 1,509,207 Preferred stock converted to common 622,645 (622,645 - Issuance for cash 10,466 - 5,000 Shares cancelled (55,556 - (20,000 Aggregate Totals 3,293,687 (312,474 1,494,207 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company cancelled shares that had been returned after it was determined the shares have been erroneously issued to a vendor in 2020. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, David Tobias converted 947,764 and 622,645 shares, respectively, of preferred stock into an equal number of common stock in accordance with the terms of the preferred stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, two preferred shareholders agreed to convert an aggregate of 288,223 shares of preferred stock into 5,476,237 shares of common stock. The Company requested the shareholders to convert to simplify its capital structure in contemplation of a proposed merger (see Note 9). The conversion rate was determined on various factors, including recent market price of the Company s common stock and the proposed merger. The conversion rate differed from the original conversion rate resulting in a deemed dividend to the preferred shareholders of 25,940 which is the fair value of the common stock issued less the carrying value of the preferred shares that were converted. The dividend had nil impact on net loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. Stock payable at December 31, 2022 consists of 1,306,302 preferred shares and 1,469,590 common shares owed to members of the board of directors for directors fees and contract services. These shares were valued at 212,500 based on the fair value of the Company s common stock at the date of board authorization. An additional 2,393,873 common shares were owed to various non-related vendors at December 31, 2022 valued at 205,656 based on the fair value of the Company s common stock at the date of board authorization. Subsequent to year end, no issuances of the shares have been made. Stock Compensation Plans 2017 Stock Plan On July 28, 2017, the Company adopted the Cannabis Sativa 2017 Stock Plan which authorized the Company to utilize common stock to compensate employees, officers, directors, and independent contractors for services provided to the Company. The Company authorized up to 3,000,000 shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to the 2017 Stock Plan. At December 31, 2021, no shares were available for further issuance under this plan. FS-16 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 2020 Stock Plan On September 25, 2020, the Company adopted the Cannabis Sativa 2020 Stock Plan which authorized the Company to utilize common stock to compensate employees, officers, directors, and independent contractors for services provided to the Company. By resolution dated September 25, 2020, the Company authorized up to 1,000,000 shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to the 2020 Stock Plan. This amount was subsequently increased to 2,000,000 shares on January 27, 2021. At December 31, 2022, 44,425 shares were available for future issuance. Warrants At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has outstanding warrants to purchase 50,000 shares and 175,000 shares, respectively of the Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the warrants have an exercise price of 2.00 and expire in July and August 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, warrants activity consisted of the following: warrants issued none (2021: none), warrants exercised none (2021: none), warrants expired 125,000 (2021: none). There was no activity in warrants during the year ended December 31, 2021. 8. Commitments and Contingencies Leases. PrestoCorp leased office space through WeWork in New York on a month-to-month basis which ended in April 2022. On April 12, 2022, PrestoCorp signed a new lease in New York with Spaces for a two-year term at 2,590 per month expiring in April 2024. Upon signing the lease with Spaces, the Company recognized a lease liability and a right of use asset of 56,595 using a discount rate of 10 . The future lease payments under the new lease are as follows: From January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 31,080 From January 1, 2024 to April 30, 2024 10,360 Subtotal 41,440 Less imputed interest (2,472 Net lease liability 38,968 Current Portion (28,736 Long-term portion 10,232 Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 40,720 and 36,922, respectively. Litigation. In the ordinary course of business, we may face various claims brought by third parties and we may, from time to time, make claims or take legal actions to assert our rights, including intellectual property disputes, contractual disputes and other commercial disputes. Any of these claims could subject us to litigation. As of December 31, 2022, no claims are outstanding. 9. Proposed Merger with MJ Harvest, Inc. On August 8, 2022, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement with MJ Harvest, Inc. MJHI ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, MJHI will merge with and into the Company and the Company will be the surviving corporation in the Merger. The Merger is expected to be consummated once the shareholders of the Company and the shareholders of MJHI approve the Merger which management expects will be completed early in the second quarter of calendar year 2023. The terms of the Merger Agreement are summarized below: The name of the surviving company in the Merger will be Cannabis Sativa, Inc. Each share of MJHI common stock outstanding on the effective date of the Merger will be converted into 2.7 shares of CBDS Common Stock. The Merger is subject to majority approval of the shareholders of both MJHI and CBDS. FS-17 Table of Contents CANNABIS SATIVA, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 The shareholders of MJHI and CBDS will have rights to dissent from the Merger, and, if the notice of dissent is properly given, the dissenting shareholders may be paid fair value for such dissented shares. The Board of Directors of the surviving company following the Merger is intended to consist of Patrick Bilton, Randy Lanier, Clinton Pyatt, and David Tobias. The Executive Officers of the Company following the Merger are intended to include Patrick Bilton - Chief Executive Officer, Clinton Pyatt - Chief Operating Officer. The Merger Agreement includes representations and warranties, covenants, and conditions for MJHI and CBDS as are customary for transactions of this nature. No brokerage fees are payable in connection with the Merger. If majority shareholder approval of the merger is not obtained, the Merger will not occur, and the Merger Agreement will be terminated. All costs and expenses in connection with the Merger transactions will be borne by CBDS, except that MJHI will be responsible for expenses of its own legal counsel and auditing costs. 10. Income Taxes The Company did not recognize a tax provision or benefit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to ongoing net losses and a valuation allowance. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had net deferred tax assets which will not be realized and are fully reserved by valuation allowances. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had net deferred tax assets principally arising from net operating loss carryforward for income tax purposes and differences in the carrying values of goodwill and intangibles between the Company s financial statements and its income tax returns. As management of the Company cannot determine that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefit of the deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance equal to 100 of the net deferred tax asset exists at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The components of the Company s net deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 2022 2021 Deferred tax asset: Net operating loss carryforwards 3,981,000 3,700,000 Intangibles and goodwill 1,036,000 1,034,000 Investments 66,000 82,000 Other (3,000 45,000 Total deferred tax assets 5,080,000 4,861,000 Valuation allowance (5,080,000 (4,861,000 Net deferred tax assets - - At December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately 19,000,000 for federal and state purposes, 10,000,000 of which expire between 2023 through 2040. The remaining balance of 9,000,000 will never expire but utilization is limited to 80 of taxable income in any future year. The reconciliation of the federal income tax rate and the Company s tax provision (benefit) at December 31, 2022 is as follows: 2022 2021 Provision (benefit) computed using the statutory rate: (247,000 (562,000 Permanent differences 10,000 48,000 Change in estimate 18,000 (4,000 Change in valuation allowance 219,000 518,000 Total income tax provision (benefit) The Company has analyzed its filing positions in all jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns and found no positions that would require a liability for uncertain income tax benefits to be recognized. The Company is subject to possible tax examinations for the fiscal years 2019 through 2022. Prior year tax attributes could be adjusted by taxing authorities. If applicable, the Company will deduct interest and penalties as interest expense on the financial statements. 11. Subsequent Event On March 22, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,450,000 restricted shares of common stock of the Company to two persons who are officers of a subsidiary of the Company. The issued shares were bonus shares awarded to the individuals in the first quarter of 2023 and had a fair value of 88,200. FS-18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cbds_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cbds_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, David Tobias, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Cannabis Sativa, Inc., (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 18, 2023 By: /s/ David Tobias Principal, Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cbds_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cbds_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, David Tobias, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Cannabis Sativa, Inc., (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 18, 2023 By: /s/ David Tobias Principal, Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cbds_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cbds_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Cannabis Sativa, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Tobias, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: April 18, 2023 /s/ David Tobias David Tobias Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 cbds_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cbds_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Cannabis Sativa, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Tobias, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: April 18, 2023 /s/ David Tobias David Tobias Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

