<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1009829_0001185185-23-000342.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11092210</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>326543</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1647718</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3969570</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2282104</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2550596</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001185185-23-000342.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414165820
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001185185-23-000342
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JAKKS PACIFIC INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001009829
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GAMES, TOYS & CHILDREN'S VEHICLES (NO DOLLS & BICYCLES) [3944]
		IRS NUMBER:				954527222
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35448
		FILM NUMBER:		23821865

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2951 28TH STREET
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90405
		BUSINESS PHONE:		424-268-9444

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2951 28TH STREET
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90405

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001185185-23-000342.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 jakkspacif20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

jakkspacif20221231_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 	 	 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 	 	 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 	 	 	 (I.R.S. Employer 	 	 	 	 	 incorporation or organization) 	 	 	 Identification No.) 	 	 

, 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 (Address of principal executive offices) 	 	 	 (Zip Code) 	 	 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 	 	 	 Trading Symbol(s) 	 	 	 Name of each exchange on which registered 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 	 	 	 Accelerated Filer 	 	 	 	 	 	 Smaller Reporting Company 	 	 	 Emerging Growth Company 	 	 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity (the only such common equity being Common Stock, .001 par value per share) held by non-affiliates of the registrant (computed by reference to the closing sale price of the Common Stock on June 30, 2022 of 12.66 is . 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock, .001 par value (being the only class of its common stock), is as of April 14, 2023. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

None. 

JAKKS PACIFIC, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

For the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2022 

Items in Form 10-K 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

5 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

12 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

Item 2. 

Properties 

24 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

25 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

25 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

26 

Item 6. 

Reserved 

26 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

27 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

35 

Item 8. 

Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

37 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

69 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

None 

Item 9C. 
			 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
			 69 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

70 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

76 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

88 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

89 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

90 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

91 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

95 

Signatures 

96 

Certifications 

Table of Contents 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. For example, statements included in this report regarding our financial position, business strategy and other plans and objectives for future operations, and assumptions and predictions about future product demand, supply, manufacturing, costs, marketing and pricing factors are all forward-looking statements. When we use words like intend, anticipate, believe, estimate, plan or expect, we are making forward-looking statements. We believe that the assumptions and expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, based upon information available to us on the date hereof, but we cannot assure you that these assumptions and expectations will prove to have been correct or that we will take any action that we may presently be planning. We have disclosed certain important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our current expectations elsewhere in this report. You should understand that forward-looking statements made in this report are necessarily qualified by these factors. We are not undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement if we obtain new information or upon the occurrence of future events or otherwise. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

In this report, JAKKS, the Company, we, us and our refer to JAKKS Pacific, Inc., its subsidiaries and our majority-owned joint venture. 

Company Overview 

We are a leading multi-line, multi-brand toy company that designs, produces, markets, sells and distributes toys and related products, kids indoor and outdoor furniture, and other consumer products. We focus our business on acquiring or licensing well-recognized intellectual property IP ), trademarks and/or brand names, most with long product histories evergreen brands ). We seek to acquire/license these evergreen brands because we believe they are less subject to market fads or trends. We also develop proprietary products marketed under our own trademarks and brand names, and have historically acquired complementary businesses to further grow our portfolio. For accounting purposes, our products have been divided into two segments: (i) Toys/Consumer Products and (ii) Costumes. Segment information with respect to revenues, assets and profits or losses attributable to each segment is contained in Note 3 to the audited consolidated financial statements contained below in Item 8. Our products include: 

Action figures and accessories, including licensed characters based on the Nintendo , Sonic the Hedgehog and Apex Legends franchises and our own proprietary brands including Creepy Crawlers 

Toy vehicles, including Xtreme Power Dozer , Xtreme Power Dump Truck , XPV , Road Champs , Fly Wheels and AirTitans inflatable remote-control dinosaur; 

Dolls and accessories, including small dolls, large dolls, fashion dolls and baby dolls based on licenses, including Disney Encanto , Disney ILY 4EVER , Disney Frozen , Disney Princess and Minnie Mouse , and infant and pre-school toys based on TV shows like PBS s Daniel Tiger s Neighborhood as well as in-house brands such as Perfectly Cute and collectable plush Ami Amis 

Private label products developed exclusively for certain retail customers in various product categories; 

Foot-to-floor ride-on products, including those based on Fisher-Price , Nickelodeon , and Hasbro /Entertainment One licenses and inflatable play environments, tents and wagons; 

Role play, dress-up, pretend play and novelty products for boys and girls based on well-known brands and entertainment properties such as Disney Frozen , Black Decker , Disney Princess , and Disney Encanto , as well as those based on our own proprietary brands; 

Indoor and outdoor kids furniture, activity trays and tables and room d cor; kiddie pools, seasonal and outdoor products, including those based on Disney characters, Nickelodeon , Hasbro / Entertainment One licenses; 

Halloween and everyday costumes for all ages based on licensed and proprietary non-licensed brands, including Super Mario Bros. , Microsoft s Halo , Disney-Pixar Toy Story , Harry Potter , Minions , Sesame Street , Power Rangers Hasbro brands and Disney Frozen , Disney Princess and related Halloween accessories; 

Outdoor activity toys including ReDo Skateboard Co. and junior sports toys including Sky Ball hyper-charged balls, SportsZone sport sets and Wave Hoop toy hoops marketed under our Maui brand; and 

Board games under the brand JAKKS Wild Games , including Temple Raider , K.O. Corral , and Galactic JAXX . 

We continually review the marketplace to identify and evaluate popular and evergreen brands and product categories that we believe have the potential for growth. We endeavor to generate growth within these lines by: 

creating innovative products under our established licenses and brand names; 

adding new items to the branded product lines that we expect will enjoy greater popularity; 

infusing innovation and technology when appropriate to make products more appealing to today s kids; and 

expanding our international product offering either sold directly to retailers or via third-party distributors. 

5

Table of Contents 

Our Business Strategy 

In addition to developing our own proprietary brands, properties and marks, licensing popular IP enables us to use these high-profile marks at a lower cost than we would incur if we purchased these marks or funded the development of comparable marks on our own. Beyond the investment profile, we have an appreciation of the challenges and expertise required to break through the noise in a world filled with high-budget, content-centric consumer choices either based on well-known pre-existing IP or the even higher hurdle to launch new IP in the aforementioned marketplace. By licensing IP and trademarks from world-class brand owners and content creators, we have access to a far greater range of marks than would be available for purchase. It also helps to credibly assure licensors that we will prioritize their brands, properties and IP rather than explicitly competing with them with a broad range of self-developed content-led offerings. We also license technology developed by unaffiliated inventors and product developers to enhance the design, innovation and functionality of our products. 

We sell our products through our in-house sales staff and independent sales representatives to toy and mass-market retail chain stores, department stores, office supply stores, drug and grocery store chains, club stores, value-oriented dollar stores, toy specialty stores and wholesalers. Our two largest customers are Walmart and Target , which accounted for 28.4 and 25.5 , respectively, of our net sales in 2022. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of our net sales in 2022. 

Our Growth Strategy 

Key elements of our growth strategy include: 

Expand Core Product Lines. We manage our existing and new brands through strategic product development initiatives, including introducing new products, modifying existing products and extending existing product lines to maximize their longevity. Our marketing teams and product designers strive to develop new products or product lines to offer added technological, aesthetic and functional improvements to our extensive portfolio. 

Enter New Product Categories. We use our extensive experience in the toy and other consumer product industries to evaluate products and licenses in new product categories and to develop additional product lines. We began marketing licensed classic video games for simple plug-in use with television sets and expanded into several related categories by infusing additional technologies such as motion gaming and through the licensing of this category from our current licensors, such as Disney. We recently entered the skateboard space at a retailer s request and are now expanding into related protective gear and accessories. 

Pursue Strategic Acquisitions. We have supplemented our internal growth with selected strategic acquisitions. Most of the product lines we market today were originally acquired via acquisition over the past 20+ years. In 2022, we evaluated several potential acquisitions although none resonated to the point of reaching an agreement. 

Acquire Additional Character and Product Licenses. We have acquired the rights to use many familiar brand and character names and logos from third parties that we use with our primary trademarks and brands. Currently, among others, we have license agreements with Nickelodeon , Disney , Pixar , Marvel , NBC Universal , Microsoft , Sega , Sony , Netflix and WarnerMedia , as well as with the licensors of many other popular characters. We also license IP from other toy companies for categories in which they do not offer products found within our Core Product Lines. We intend to continue to pursue new licenses from these media entertainment companies along with other licensors. We also intend to continue to secure additional inventions and product concepts through our existing network of inventors and product developers. 

Expand International Sales. We believe that non-US markets: Europe, Australia, Canada, Latin America and Asia, offer us significant growth opportunities. In 2022, our sales generated outside the United States were approximately 151.9 million, or 19.1 of total net sales. In 2020, we migrated from a distributor model to selling direct in Spain, Italy, France and Mexico. Third-party distributors remain a core component of our international business, and we are constantly assessing how to expand our mutual businesses. Although the COVID-19 pandemic had a significantly negative impact on our international business, we remain focused on international being a source of revenue growth. We currently utilize one warehouse in the United Kingdom and another in the Netherlands to support sales expansion in that region. 

Capitalize On Our Operating Efficiencies. We believe that our current infrastructure and operating model can accommodate growth without a proportionate increase in our operating and administrative expenses, thereby increasing our operating margins. 

6

Table of Contents 

The execution of our growth strategy, however, is subject to several risks and uncertainties and we cannot assure you that we will continue to experience growth in, or maintain our present level of net sales (see Risk Factors, in Item 1A). For example, our growth strategy will place additional demands upon our management, operational capacity and financial resources and systems. The increased demand upon management may necessitate our recruitment and retention of additional qualified management personnel. We cannot assure you that we will be able to recruit and retain qualified personnel or expand and manage our operations effectively and profitably. To effectively manage future growth, we must continue to expand our operational, financial and management information systems and to train, motivate and manage our workforce. While we believe that our operational, financial and management information systems will be adequate to support our future growth, no assurance can be given they will be adequate without significant investment in our infrastructure. Failure to expand our operational, financial and management information systems or to train, motivate, manage and retain employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Moreover, implementation of our growth strategy is subject to risks beyond our control, including: competition; market acceptance of new products; changes in economic conditions; changes in the media entertainment landscape disrupting the traditional model of capturing consumer attention for new entertainment-led offerings; our ability to obtain or renew licenses on commercially reasonable terms; and our ability to finance increased levels of accounts receivable and inventory necessary to support our sales growth, if any. 

Furthermore, we cannot assure you that we can identify attractive acquisition candidates or negotiate acceptable acquisition terms, and our failure to do so may adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to sustain growth. 

Finally, our acquisition strategy involves a number of risks, each of which could adversely affect our operating results, including difficulties in integrating acquired businesses or product lines, assimilating new facilities and personnel and harmonizing diverse business strategies and methods of operation; diversion of management attention from operation of our existing business; loss of key personnel from acquired companies; and failure of an acquired business to achieve targeted financial results. 

Industry Overview 

According to Toy Association, Inc., the leading toy industry trade group, the United States is the world s largest toy market, followed by China, Japan and Western Europe. Total retail sales of toys, excluding video games, in the United States, were approximately 29.2 billion in 2022. We believe the two largest United States toy companies, Hasbro and Mattel , along with The LEGO Group (headquartered in Denmark), collectively hold a dominant share of the U.S. toy market. In addition, hundreds of smaller companies compete in the design and development of new toys, the procurement of character and product licenses, and the improvement, expansion and re-introduction of previously established products and product lines. 

Over the years, the toy industry has experienced substantial consolidation among both toy companies and toy retailers. We believe that the ongoing consolidation of toy companies provides us with increased growth opportunities due to retailers desire to not be entirely dependent upon a few dominant toy companies. Retailer concentration also enables us to ship products, manage account relationships and track point of sale information more effectively and efficiently. 

Products 

We focus our business on acquiring or licensing well-recognized properties, trademarks and/or brand names, and we seek to acquire evergreen brands which are less subject to market fads or trends. Generally, our license agreements for products and concepts call for royalties ranging from 1 to 22 of net sales, and some may require minimum royalty guarantees and up-front or advanced royalty payments against those guarantees. Our principal products are highlighted above in our Company Overview. 

Sales, Marketing and Distribution 

We sell all of our products through our own in-house sales staff and independent sales representatives to toy and mass-market retail chain stores, department stores, office supply stores, drug and grocery store chains, club stores, dollar stores, toy specialty stores and wholesalers. In 2022, our two largest customers, Walmart and Target, accounted for 28.4 and 25.5 , respectively, of our net sales. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of our net sales in 2022. In 2021, our two largest customers, Walmart and Target, accounted for 26.9 and 28.4 , respectively, of our net sales. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of our net sales in 2021. We generally sell products to our customers on open account with payment terms typically varying from 30 to 90 days or, in some cases, pursuant to letters of credit. For sales outside of the United States, we may also purchase credit insurance to mitigate the risk, if any, of non-payment. From time to time, we allow our customers credits against future purchases from us in order to facilitate their retail markdown and sales of slow-moving inventory. We also sell our products through e-commerce sites, including Walmart.com , Target.com and Amazon.com . 

7

Table of Contents 

We contract the manufacture of most of our products to unaffiliated manufacturers located in The People s Republic of China China ). We sell the finished products to our customers, many of whom take title to the goods in China. These methods allow us to reduce certain operating costs and working capital requirements. We also contract the manufacture of certain products from Hong Kong Meisheng Cultural Company Limited Meisheng ), which involved payment to Meisheng of approximately 120.5 million and 77.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, Meisheng owns 5.4 of our outstanding common stock, and Zhao Xiaoqiang, one of our directors, is executive director of Meisheng. A portion of our sales originate in the United States, so we hold certain inventory in a US warehouse and fulfillment facility. To date, a majority of all of our sales has been to customers based in the United States. We intend to continue expanding distribution of our products into foreign territories and, accordingly, we have: 

engaged representatives to oversee sales in certain foreign territories; 

engaged distributors in certain foreign territories; 

established direct relationships with retailers in certain foreign territories; 

opened sales offices in Canada, Europe and Mexico; and 

opened distribution centers in the UK and Netherlands. 

Outside of the United States, we currently sell our products primarily in Europe, Australia, Canada, Latin America and Asia. Sales of our products abroad accounted for approximately 151.9 million, or 19.1 of our net sales in 2022 and approximately 108.9 million, or 17.5 of our net sales in 2021. We believe that foreign markets present an attractive opportunity, and we plan to intensify our marketing efforts and further expand our distribution channels abroad. 

We establish reserves for allowances provided to our customers, including discounts, pricing concessions, promotional allowances and allowances for anticipated breakage or defective product, at the time of shipment. The reserves are determined as a percentage of sales based upon either historical experience or upon estimates or programs agreed upon with our customers. 

We obtain, directly, or through our sales representatives, orders for our products from our customers and arrange for the manufacture of these products as discussed below. Cancellations generally are made in writing, and we take appropriate steps to notify our manufacturers of these cancellations. We may incur costs or other losses as a result of cancellations. 

We maintain a full-time sales and marketing staff, many of whom make on-site visits to customers for the purpose of showing products and soliciting orders for products. We also retain a number of independent sales representatives to sell and promote our products, both domestically and internationally. Together with retailers, we occasionally test the consumer acceptance of new products in selected markets before committing resources to large-scale production. 

We publicize and advertise our products online and on mobile, in trade and consumer magazines and other publications, market our products at international, national and regional toy and other specialty trade shows, conventions and exhibitions and carry on cooperative advertising programs with toy and mass market retailers and other customers which include the use of print, online, mobile and television ads and via in-store displays. We also produce and broadcast television commercials for several of our product lines, if we expect that the resulting increase in our net sales will justify the relatively high cost of television/media advertising. 

Product Development 

Each of our product lines has an in-house manager responsible for product development. The in-house manager identifies and evaluates inventor products and concepts and other opportunities to enhance or expand existing product lines or to enter new product categories. In addition, we create proprietary products to fully exploit our concept and character licenses. Although we have the capability to create and develop products from inception to production, we also use third-parties to provide a portion of the sculpting, sample making, illustration and package design required for our products in order to accommodate our increasing product innovations and introductions as well as accelerate our speed-to-market. Typically, the development process takes from nine to eighteen months from concept to production and shipment to our customers, but given our Company s size and structure, we have demonstrated the ability to shrink that down to three to nine months successfully when the opportunity requires. 

8

Table of Contents 

We employ a staff of designers for all of our product lines. We occasionally acquire other product concepts from unaffiliated third parties. If we accept and develop a third-party s concept for new toys, we generally pay a royalty on the sale of the toys developed from this concept, and may, on an individual basis, guarantee a minimum royalty. Royalties payable to inventors and developers generally range from 1 to 4 of the wholesale sales price for each unit of a product sold by us. We believe that utilizing experienced third-party inventors gives us access to a wide range of development talent. We currently work with numerous toy inventors and designers for the development of new products and the enhancement of existing products. 

Safety testing of our products is done at the manufacturers facilities by quality control personnel employed by us or by independent third-party contractors engaged by us. Safety testing is designed to meet or exceed regulations imposed by federal and state, as well as applicable international governmental authorities, our retail partners, licensors and the Toy Association. We also closely monitor quality assurance procedures for our products for safety purposes. In addition, independent laboratories engaged by some of our larger customers and licensors test certain of our products. 

Manufacturing and Supplies 

Our products are currently produced by overseas third-party manufacturers, which we choose on the basis of quality, flexibility, reliability and price. Consistent with industry practice, the use of third-party manufacturers enables us to avoid incurring fixed manufacturing costs, while maximizing flexibility, capacity and the latest production technology. Substantially all of the manufacturing services performed overseas for us are paid for on open account with the manufacturers. To date, we have not experienced any material delays in the delivery of our products from our manufacturers; however, delivery schedules are subject to various factors beyond our control, and any delays in the future could adversely affect our sales. The COVID-19 pandemic, in particular, created some short-term delays as manufacturing capacity both dropped during the peak of the China outbreak and then again was stretched when consumer demand for different categories of products spiked as a result of the unprecedented level of households operating under confined-to-home/social distancing guidelines. The lingering impact of the pandemic has created volatility in costs associated with the sourcing and importation of product, in particular due to changes in factor inputs (labor, oil) and market demand for services (transport). In addition, our third-party manufacturers have seen increases in foreign exchange rate exposure during this time. Currently, we have ongoing relationships with over sixty different manufacturers. We believe that alternative sources of supply are available to us although we cannot be assured that we can obtain adequate supplies of manufactured products on short notice. We may also incur costs or other losses as a result of not placing orders consistent with our forecasts for product to be manufactured by our suppliers or manufacturers for a variety of reasons including customer order cancellations or a decline in demand. 

Although we do not conduct the day-to-day manufacturing of our products, we are extensively involved in the design of product prototypes and production tools, dies and molds for our products and we seek to ensure quality control by actively reviewing the production process and testing the products produced by our manufacturers. We employ quality control inspectors who rotate among our manufacturers factories to monitor the production of substantially all of our products. 

The principal raw materials used in the production and sale of our toy products are plastics, zinc alloy, plush, printed fabrics, paper products and electronic components, all of which are currently available at reasonable prices from a variety of sources. Although we do not directly manufacture our products, we own the majority of the tools, dies and molds used in the manufacturing process, and these are transferable among manufacturers if we choose to employ alternative manufacturers. Tools, dies and molds represent a substantial portion of our property and equipment with a net book value of 14.1 million and 11.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Substantially all of these assets are located in China. 

Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses 

We routinely pursue protection of our products through some form or combination of intellectual property right(s). We file patent applications where appropriate to protect our innovations arising from new development and design, and as a result, possess a portfolio of issued patents in the U.S. and abroad. Most of our products are produced and sold under trademarks owned by or licensed to us. In recent years, our rate of filing new trademark applications has increased. We also register certain aspects of some of our products with the U.S. Copyright Office. In the same vein, we enforce our rights against infringers because we recognize our intellectual property rights are significant assets that contribute to our success. Accordingly, while we believe we are sufficiently protected and the duration of our rights are aligned with the lifecycle of our products, the loss of some of these rights could have an adverse effect on our financial growth expectations and business operations. 

9

Table of Contents 

Competition 

Competition in the toy industry is intense. Globally, certain of our competitors have greater financial resources, larger sales and marketing and product development departments, stronger name recognition, wholly-owned brands and properties with high consumer awareness and appeal, longer operating histories and benefit from greater economies of scale. These factors, among others, may enable our competitors to market their products at lower prices or on terms more advantageous to customers than those we could offer for our competitive products. Competition often extends to the procurement of entertainment and product licenses, as well as the marketing and distribution of products and the obtaining of adequate shelf space. Competition may result in price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In many of our product lines we compete directly against one or both of two of the toy industry s most dominant companies, Mattel and Hasbro . In addition, we compete in our Halloween costume lines with Rubies II. We also compete with numerous smaller domestic and foreign toy manufacturers, importers and marketers in each of our product categories. 

Seasonality and Backlog 

In 2022, 57.1 of our net sales were made in the third and fourth quarters. Generally, the first quarter is the period of lowest shipments and sales in our business and in the toy industry and therefore it is also the least profitable quarter due to various fixed costs. Seasonality factors cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. However, our outdoor/seasonal products are primarily sold in the spring and summer seasons. Our results of operations may also fluctuate as a result of factors such as the timing of new products (and related expenses) introduced by us or our competitors, the theatrical/entertainment-led releases of licensed brands, the advertising activities of our competitors, delivery schedules set by our customers and the emergence of new market entrants. We believe, however, that the low retail price of most of our products may be less subject to seasonal fluctuations than higher-priced toy products. 

We ship products in accordance with delivery schedules specified by our customers, who generally request delivery of products within three to six months of the date of their orders for orders shipped FOB China or Hong Kong and within three days for orders shipped domestically (i.e., from one of our warehouses). Because customer orders may be canceled at any time, often without penalty, our backlog may not accurately indicate sales for any future period. 

In 2022 and 2021, a number of factors partially attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic created significant bottlenecks and supply-demand imbalances in exporting product out of Asia into the United States and Europe. These factors increased the cost of ocean freight and the cost of trucking while incurring higher expenses and penalties from product being stuck at the port awaiting inbound trucking pickup. The unpredictability of delivery times further resulted in higher warehouse handling costs as container arrival timelines proved less predictable sometimes requiring overtime labor and expansion of the short-term labor pool to cope with above-average arriving volumes. Specifically, in 2022, companies and retailers responded to the ocean freight crisis by shifting more of their importation of product to the first half of the year. These efforts created more volatility in accurately forecasting market demand. In areas where consumer demand subsequently cooled, a backlog of inventory accumulated both at retailers and in manufacturer distribution centers. These excesses in turn generated incremental costs as inventory levels exceeded normal capacity levels, and temporary price reductions were utilized to accelerated consumer demand. Finally, the longer delivery time resulted in a slower cash conversion cycle for us as the net impact was a longer holding period for finished goods inventory between manufacture and sale to customer. 

Government and Industry Regulation 

Our products are subject to the provisions of the Consumer Product Safety Act CPSA ), the Federal Hazardous Substances Act FHSA ), the Flammable Fabrics Act FFA and the regulations promulgated thereunder, and various other regulations in the European Union and other jurisdictions. The CPSA and the FHSA enable the Consumer Products Safety Commission CPSC to exclude from the market consumer products that fail to comply with applicable product safety regulations or otherwise create a substantial risk of injury, and articles that contain excessive amounts of a banned hazardous substance. The FFA enables the CPSC to regulate and enforce flammability standards for fabrics used in consumer products. The CPSC may also require the repurchase by the manufacturer of articles. Similar laws exist in some states and cities and in various international markets. We maintain a quality control program designed to ensure compliance with all applicable laws. 

Human Capital 

Our success comes from recruiting, retaining and motivating talented individuals around the world. JAKKS Pacific, Inc. continuously strives to create a safe, healthy, productive and harmonious work environment. 

10

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 622 employees (including temporary and seasonal employees) working in over 8 countries worldwide to create innovative products and experiences that inspire, entertain, and develop children through play, with approximately 265 employees (43 of the total workforce) located outside the U.S. 

Employee Engagement 

One of our main focuses is employee retention. We empower our management to identify top performers and mentor them. We encourage all employees to take advantage of in-house and external training programs and continuing education. Our Human Resources department has an open-door policy that encourages employees to seek career advancement advice. Holding various events and workshops throughout the year, employees are encouraged to voice any concerns and/or to bring forth their ideas and suggestions. 

Diversity and Inclusion 

We are committed to fostering, cultivating and preserving a culture of diversity, equity and inclusion. 

The collective sum of the individual differences, life experiences, knowledge, inventiveness, innovation, self-expression, unique capabilities and talent that our employees invest in their work represents a significant part of the culture. 

We embrace and encourage employees differences in age, color, ability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other characteristics. 

Our diversity initiatives are applicable but not limited to practices and policies on recruitment and selection; compensation and benefits; professional development and training; and promotions and transfers. 

Training and Development 

We take pride in offering the opportunity for employees to continuously learn and to grow their careers. Annually, employees are offered various types of training and the opportunity to continue their education. This includes both online and instructor-led training covering a variety of topics including: career-related, federally- and locally-mandated, JAKKS Pacific, Inc. Company policy and legal, financial services and health/wellness-related. Nearly all employees take advantage of these learning opportunities. 

Health and Safety 

We are committed to providing a safe, healthy and productive working environment for all of our employees globally. 

In 2022 with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, our number one priority was the health and safety of all of our employees, worldwide. The immediate and continuous response was to support a remote work environment for employees (when available and appropriate), implement enhanced protocols to provide a safe and sanitary working environment and offer on-site COVID-19 testing at no cost to employees and their dependents. 

Environmental Issues 

We may be subject to legal and financial obligations under environmental, health and safety laws in the United States and in other jurisdictions where we operate. We are not currently aware of any material environmental liabilities associated with any of our operations. 

Available Information 

We make available free of charge on or through our Internet website, www.jakks.com, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The contents of our website are not incorporated in or deemed to be a part of any such report. 

Our Corporate Information 

We were formed as a Delaware corporation in 1995. Our principal executive offices are located at 2951 28 th Street, Santa Monica, California 90405. Our telephone number is (424) 268-9444 and our Internet Website address is www.jakks.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated in or deemed to be a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

11

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

From time to time, including in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we publish forward-looking statements, as disclosed in our Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, immediately following the Table of Contents of this Annual Report. We note that a variety of factors could cause our actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed or anticipated in our forward-looking statements. The factors listed below are risks and uncertainties that may arise and that may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K. We undertake no obligation to make any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of the filing of this report. 

Our inability to redesign, restyle and extend our existing core products and product lines as consumer preferences evolve, and to develop, introduce and gain customer acceptance of new products and product lines, may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our business and operating results depend largely upon the appeal of our products. Our continued success in the toy industry will depend upon our ability to redesign, restyle and extend our existing core products and product lines as consumer preferences evolve, and to develop, introduce and gain customer acceptance of new products and product lines. Several trends in recent years have presented challenges for the toy industry, including: 

the phenomenon of children outgrowing toys at younger ages, particularly in favor of interactive and high technology products; 

increasing use of technology, broadly, be it taking share of children s discretionary time or otherwise; 

shorter life cycles for individual products; 

higher consumer expectations for product quality, functionality, price-value and environmental-impact; 

a wider array of content offerings and platforms attracting a viable audience that enables a meaningful consumer products opportunity, and our ability to effectively predict those platforms and offerings given the increasingly fragmented content distribution marketplace; 

the evolving media landscape increases the cost and complexity of advertising our products directly to end-consumers, and similarly our ability to effectively predict the most effective advertising platforms could adversely impact our ability to introduce and sell our product lines at planned levels or better; and 

consumer shopping habits migrating from traditional brick mortar browsing to more online experiences. We cannot be assured that this change will not adversely impact our historical ability to have our newest product offerings discovered, evaluated and appreciated sufficiently to motivate purchase and ultimately build word-of-mouth endorsement about the value of our offerings. 

We cannot assure you that: 

our current products will continue to be popular with consumers; 

the products that we introduce will achieve any significant degree of market acceptance; 

our support of customers with an online shopping proposition is expected to lead to a comparable degree of sales or margins through the offline shopping experience should consumer behavior migrate more of our business in that direction; 

the life cycles of our products will be sufficient to permit us to recover our inventory costs, and licensing, design, manufacturing, marketing and other costs associated with those products; 

we will be able to manufacture and distribute new or current products in a timely manner to meet demand; or 

our inclusion of new technology will result in higher sales or increased profits. 

Any or all of the foregoing factors may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

12

Table of Contents 

There are risks associated with our license agreements. 

Our current licenses require us to pay minimum royalties. 

Sales of products under trademarks or trade or brand names licensed from others account for substantially all of our net sales. Product licenses allow us to capitalize on characters, designs, concepts and inventions owned by others or developed by toy inventors and designers. Our license agreements generally require us to make specified minimum royalty payments, even if we fail to sell a sufficient number of units to generate these dollar amounts under the percentage of sales basis under which most agreements are written. Some of our license agreements have additional requirements for marketing spend for the brands licensed. Some of our license agreements disallow certain retailer credits and deductions from the sales base on which royalties are calculated, including in some cases uncollectable accounts. In addition, under certain of our license agreements, if we fail to achieve certain prescribed sales targets, we may be unable to retain or renew these licenses which may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Many of our license agreements, although multi-year in total, require us to pay a minimum level of royalties annually that cannot be recouped outside of selling during that time period (often 12 months). There may also be minimum commitments assigned to specific geographic regions or countries. As a result, sudden shocks to the market, such as has been the case with COVID-19 or when a foundational retailer goes bankrupt, might leave us with these fixed expenses unless licensors are willing to renegotiate terms in consideration for the unexpected nature of the shock. Contractual minimal royalty payments are almost always fixed and determined upon signing, so these sorts of shocks could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition for multiple years given the nature and timing of the shock. 

Some of our licenses are restricted as to use and include other restrictive provisions. 

Under the majority of our license agreements, the licensors have the right to review and approve our use of their licensed products, designs or materials before we may make any sales. If a licensor refuses to permit our use of any licensed property in the way we propose, or if their review process is delayed or not timely, our development, manufacturing and/or sale of new products could be impeded. Our licensing agreements include other restrictive provisions, such as limitations of the time period in which we have to sell existing inventory upon expiration of the license, requiring licensor approval of contract manufacturers and approval of marketing and promotional materials, limitations on channels of distribution, including internet sales, change of ownership clauses that require licensor approval of such change and may require a fee to be paid under certain circumstances and various other provisions that may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

New licenses can be difficult and expensive to obtain and in some cases, retain. 

Our continued success will substantially depend upon our ability to maintain existing relevant and obtain new additional licenses. Intense competition exists for desirable licenses in our industry. We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure or renew significant licenses on terms acceptable to us. In addition, as we add licenses, the need to fund additional capital expenditures, royalty advances and guaranteed minimum royalty payments may strain our cash resources. Often times, licensors require cash advance payments upon signing agreements against future minimum royalty obligations, which requires us to pay out cash several quarters prior to our ability to ship, invoice and ultimately collect revenue from the related product sales. In addition, there might be licensor or consumer expectations that certain toy products contain music or musical elements related to the original entertainment. Those music rights must be separately acquired at additional expense, and as a result can adversely affect our profitability and competitiveness at retail. 

A limited number of licensors account for a large portion of our net sales. 

We derive a significant portion of our net sales from a limited number of licensors, one of which accounted for over 61 of our net sales in 2022. If one or more of these licensors were to terminate or fail to renew our licenses or not grant us new licenses, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Our license agreements are subject to audit. 

In most of our license agreements, the licensor retains the right to utilize an auditor of their choosing to audit our performance against all elements of the agreement up to some number of years after license expiration. In the event that errors or omissions were made in our normal course of business that resulted in underpayment of royalties, shipping product to an unlicensed territory or channel of distribution, or a variety of other technical infractions, we could be liable for past due royalties, accrued interest and other financial penalties as outlined in the agreement. 

13

Table of Contents 

The failure of our character-related and theme-related products to become and/or remain popular with children may materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The success of many of our character-related and theme-related products depends upon the popularity of characters in movies, television programs, live sporting exhibitions, and other media and events. By extension, any sudden disruption in that calendar can have negative repercussions to our business, both in terms of recouping our investments to date, as well as, monetizing those investments at the profit margins we have planned. As we have a 9-18-month concept-to-market timeline depending on the product category, there is a degree of exposure given our dependence on third parties to adhere to their planned schedules. We cannot assure you that: 

entertainment content associated with our character-related and theme-related product lines will be released at the times we expect, via the media we expected and/or will reach a wide enough audience to generate the level of consumer demand we anticipated in agreeing to sign the license and develop our product line; 

the success of entertainment content associated with our existing character-related and theme-related product lines will result in substantial promotional value to our products; 

we will be successful in renewing licenses upon expiration of terms that are favorable to us; 

we will be successful in obtaining licenses to produce new character-related and theme-related products in the future; 

we will continue to be able to assess effectively our licensors ability to launch new brands in a manner to effectively create a market for consumer products given the rapidly changing content distribution landscape and a potential reprioritization of their goals for their content launches; or 

we will continue to be able to effectively assess the longevity and market appetite for consumer products for pre-existing licensor brands given the ever-increasing competition for consumer s attention and discretionary spending. 

Our failure to achieve any or all of the foregoing benchmarks may cause the infrastructure of our operations to fail, thereby adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

A limited number of customers account for a large portion of our net sales, so that if one or more of our major customers were to experience difficulties in fulfilling their obligations to us, cease doing business with us, significantly reduce the amount of their purchases from us or return substantial amounts of our products, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our two largest customers, Walmart and Target, accounted for 53.9 of our net sales in 2022. Except for outstanding purchase orders for specific products, we do not have written contracts with, or commitments from, any of our customers, and pursuant to the terms of certain of our vendor agreements, even some purchase orders may be cancelled without penalty up until delivery. A substantial reduction in or termination of orders from any of our largest customers would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, pressure by large customers seeking price reductions, financial incentives and changes in other terms of sale or for us to bear the risks and the cost of importing and carrying inventory could also adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If one or more of our major customers were to experience difficulties in fulfilling their obligations to us resulting from bankruptcy or other deterioration in their financial condition or ability to meet their obligations, cease doing business with us, significantly reduce the amount of their purchases from us, or return substantial amounts of our products, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The COVID-19 pandemic has left many customers outside of our largest customers under varying degrees of financial distress. Customers may request extended payment terms which may require us to take on increased credit risk or to reduce or forgo sales entirely in an attempt to mitigate financial risk associated with customer bankruptcy risk. 

14

Table of Contents 

Restrictions under or the loss of availability under our term loan and revolving credit line could adversely impact our business and financial condition . 

In June 2021, we entered into and consummated binding definitive agreements with JPMorgan Chase (for an asset-based credit line) and Benefit Street Partners (a subsidiary of Franklin Templeton for a secured term loan) to refinance our balance sheet, with the objectives of increasing our overall liquidity, extending the duration of our debt obligations and reducing our overall borrowing costs. 

All outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit line and term loan are accelerated and become immediately due and payable (and the revolving credit line and term loan terminate) in the event of a default, which includes, among other things, failure to comply with certain financial covenants or breach of representations contained in the credit line and term loan documents, defaults under other loans or obligations, involvement in bankruptcy proceedings, an occurrence of a change of control or an event constituting a material adverse effect on us (as such terms are defined in the credit line and term loan documents). We are also subject to negative covenants which, during the life of the credit line and term loan, prohibit and/or limit us from, among other things, incurring certain types of other debt, acquiring other companies, making certain expenditures or investments, and changing the character of our business. An outbreak of infectious disease, a pandemic or a similar public health threat, such as the COVID-19 pandemic (see below), could adversely impact our ability to comply with such covenants. Our failure to comply with such covenants or any other breach of the credit line or term loan agreements could cause a default and we may then be required to repay borrowings under our credit line and term loan with capital from other sources. We could also be blocked from future borrowings or obtaining letters of credit under the revolving credit line, and the credit line agreement and the term loan could be terminated by the lenders. Under these circumstances, other sources of capital may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms. In the event of a default, it is possible that our assets and certain of our subsidiaries assets may be attached or seized by the lenders. Any (i) failure by us to comply with the covenants or other provisions of the credit line and term loan, (ii) difficulty in securing any required future financing, or (iii) any such seizure or attachment of assets could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Our revolving credit line and term loan mature in May 2026 and June 2027, respectively. 

We utilize At the Market Issuance Sales Agreements, pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time, shares of our common stock, which may adversely affect the price of our Common Stock. 

We utilize At the Market Issuance Sales Agreements ATM Agreements pursuant to which we may issue, from time to time, up to 75 million of common stock, in one or more offerings in amounts, prices and at terms that we will determine at the time of the offering. Any such sale of common stock will dilute our other equity holders and may adversely affect the market price of the common stock. Under our currently existing ATM Agreement with B. Riley, as of April 14, 2023, we have not sold any shares of the common stock. 

We have an effective shelf registration statement pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time , securities, which may adversely affect the price of our Common Stock. 

We have on file with the SEC an effective registration statement pursuant to which we may issue, from time to time, up to an additional 75 million of securities consisting of, or any combination of, common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, rights and/or units, in one or more offerings in amounts, prices and at terms that we will determine at the time of the offering. Any such sale of stock or convertible securities will, or have the potential to, dilute our other equity holders and may adversely affect the market price of the common stock. As of April 14, 2023, we have not sold any securities pursuant to our shelf registration statement. 

The agreement governing our outstanding preferred stock includes terms and conditions that may adversely impact our business and cash flows. 

In August 2019, we issued a series of preferred stock with a face amount of 20.0 million. The preferred stock (i) is senior to our common stock, (ii) not convertible into common stock, (iii) earns a dividend at an annual rate of 6 (which may or may not be paid in cash), (iv) includes a liquidation preference of up to 150 of the accrued amount, and (v) included the right to elect up to two members to the Company s Board of Directors, among other rights, terms and conditions. In addition, the series of preferred stock includes other protective rights and provisions, such as amendments to the Company s bylaws to restrict changes that may adversely impact the rights of the preferred stockholders, engaging in businesses that are not permitted businesses, as defined, limitations on assets dispositions and entering into a change of control transaction without the approval of the preferred stockholders. Some of these rights, restrictions and other terms and conditions may prevent us from taking advantageous actions with respect to our business, result in our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures and industry developments, and/or adversely affect our cash flows or operations. In 2022, an agreement was reached with the preferred shareholders to eliminate their ability to elect members to the Company s Board of Directors on a going-forward basis. 

15

Table of Contents 

We depend upon our Chief Executive Officer and any loss or interruption of his services could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our success has been largely dependent upon the experience and continued services of Stephen G. Berman, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Though Mr. Berman is under contract through 2026, we cannot assure you that we would be able to find an appropriate replacement for Mr. Berman should the need arise, and any loss or interruption of the services of Mr. Berman could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Market conditions and other third-party conduct could negatively impact our margins and implementation of other business initiatives. 

Economic conditions, such as decreased consumer confidence, inflation or a recession, may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, general economic conditions were significantly and negatively affected by the September 11 th terrorist attacks and could be similarly affected by any future attacks. The COVID-19 pandemic had a negative impact to our business in 2020 by disrupting consumer behavior, spending patterns and ultimately the play patterns and events that often motivate purchases of our products. Furthermore, restrictions on nearly all of our customers operating hours in 2020 at one point in the year or another, limited consumers ability to discover our products thru traditional in-store browsing and unplanned purchase. Continuation of such a weakened economic and business climate, as well as consumer uncertainty created by such a climate, could further adversely affect our sales and profitability. Other conditions, such as the unavailability of electronic components or other raw materials, for example, may impede our ability to manufacture, source and ship new and continuing products on a timely basis. Interruptions and delays in the availability of raw materials and finished goods could result from labor stoppages and strikes, the occurrence or threat of wars or similar conflicts, trade restrictions, and severe or unexpected weather conditions and other factors, any of which could adversely affect our business and the results of our operations. Significant and sustained increases in the price of oil, for example, could adversely impact the cost of the raw materials used in the manufacture of certain of our products, such as plastic, as well as ocean and over-the-road shipping costs. Increases in the costs of raw materials and shipping and other transportation costs and delays in the delivery of finished goods, if not offset by higher prices, could adversely impact our sales. 

We face risks related to health epidemics and other widespread outbreaks of contagious disease, which could significantly disrupt our supply chain and impact our operating results. 

Significant outbreaks of contagious diseases, and other adverse public health developments, could have a material impact on our business operations and operating results. In December 2019, a strain of Novel Coronavirus causing respiratory illness and death emerged in the city of Wuhan in the Hubei province of China. The Chinese government took certain emergency measures to combat the spread of the virus, including extension of the Lunar New Year holiday, implementation of travel bans and closure of factories and businesses. The majority of our materials and products are sourced from suppliers located in China. 

The COVID-19 virus was ultimately declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization and has been spreading throughout the world, including the United States, resulting in emergency measures, including travel bans, closure of retail stores, and restrictions on gatherings of more than a maximum number of people. These outbreaks are disruptive to local economies and commercial activity, and create downward pressure on our ability to make our product line available to consumers or for consumers to purchase our products, even if our products are available. At this time, we still cannot predict with any certainty the further duration and depth of the impact in the United States or other places worldwide where we sell our products or manufacture our products. Accordingly, it is extremely challenging to estimate the extent by which we will be negatively impacted by this disease. Uncertainty surrounds the length of time this disease will continue to spread, and the extent governments will continue to impose, or add additional, quarantines, curfews, travel restrictions and closures of retail stores. In addition, even following control of the disease and the end of the pandemic, the economic dislocation caused by the disease to so many people may linger and be so significant that consumers focus could be directed away from consumer discretionary spending for products such as ours for an extended period of time. For all of these reasons, at this time we cannot quantify the extent of the impact this disease will have on our sales, net income and cash flows, but it could be quite significant. 

16

Table of Contents 

Our business is seasonal and therefore our annual operating results will depend, in large part, on our sales during the relatively brief holiday shopping season. This seasonality is exacerbated by retailers shifting inventory management techniques. 

Sales of our products at retail are extremely seasonal, with a majority of retail sales occurring during the period from September through December in anticipation of the holiday season. Further, e-commerce is growing significantly and accounts for a higher portion of the ultimate sales of our products. E-commerce retailers tend to hold less inventory and take inventory closer to the time of sale to consumers than traditional brick-and-mortar retailers. As a result, customers are timing their orders so that they are being filled by suppliers, such as us, closer to the time of purchase by consumers. For our products, a majority of retail sales for the entire year generally occur in the fourth quarter, close to the holiday season. As a consequence, the majority of our sales to our customers occur in the third and fourth quarters, as our customers do not want to maintain large on-hand inventories throughout the year ahead of consumer demand. While these techniques reduce a retailer s investment in inventory, they increase pressure on suppliers like us to fill orders promptly and thereby shift a significant portion of inventory risk and carrying costs to the supplier. The level of inventory carried by retailers may also reduce or delay retail sales resulting in lower revenues for us. If we or our customers determine that one of our products is more popular at retail than was originally anticipated, we may not have sufficient time to produce and ship enough additional products to fully meet consumer demand. Additionally, the logistics of supplying more and more product within shorter time periods increases the risk that we will fail to achieve tight and compressed shipping schedules and quality control, which also may reduce our sales and harm our results of operations. This seasonal pattern requires significant use of working capital, mainly to manufacture or acquire inventory during the portion of the year prior to the holiday season, and it requires accurate forecasting of demand for products during the holiday season in order to avoid losing potential sales of popular products or producing excess inventory of products that exceed consumer demand. Our failure to accurately predict and respond to consumer demand, resulting in under-producing popular items and/or overproducing less popular items, could significantly reduce our total sales, negatively impact our cash flows, increase the risk of inventory obsolescence, and harm our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, as a result of the seasonal nature of our business, we would be significantly and adversely affected, in a manner disproportionate to the impact on a company with sales spread more evenly throughout the year, by unforeseen events such as a terrorist attack or economic shock that harm the retail environment or consumer buying patterns during our key selling season, or by events such as strikes or port delays that interfere with the shipment of goods, during the critical months leading up to the holiday shopping season. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has also accelerated consumers shift to e-commerce transactions with traditional brick mortar retailers. Some of these transactions are for ship-to-home purchases and some are for local pick-up by the consumer at the brick-and-mortar location. In either case, the consumer s path to discovery of new items changes to a digital medium. It remains to be seen whether this change has a negative adverse impact on consumers ability to discover the breadth and depth of our product range or whether it discourages adding incremental unplanned purchases to the shopping cart. Either scenario could have a negative impact on our overall business performance. 

Our Costume (Disguise) business is even more seasonal than our core Toy/Consumer Products business as Halloween remains the primary purchase occasion for our costumes. This seasonality is further exacerbated by consumer migration to online shopping as the style and size attributes of the Halloween business (i.e., we make the same costume in multiple sizes, and the same item costume across a very wide range of brands and properties) in part behaves like an apparel-driven transaction rather than one-size-for-all toy/consumer product transaction. 

In 2020, COVID-19 was an unexpected shock to the market, making the traditional Halloween experience less feasible to celebrate in its traditional manner. It had a material impact on our sales of related product. Any similar event that suddenly makes the holiday less relevant or infeasible to celebrate can and likely will have a negative impact on that segment of business. Given that securing licenses, product design and development and ultimately sourcing of the product takes place over a year in advance of the actual Halloween selling season, we have limited ability to recover invested expense if the market demand for those products were to suddenly be reduced. Although some product could be held in inventory or materials rolled forward to the next manufacturing season, these events would in turn incrementally tie up our capital and add warehousing expense until the following year at best, and/or put added strain on our third-party manufacturers. 

We depend upon third-party manufacturers, and if our relationship with any of them is harmed or if they independently encounter difficulties in their manufacturing processes, we could experience product defects, production delays, unplanned costs or higher product costs, or the inability to fulfill orders on a timely basis, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We depend upon many third-party manufacturers who develop, provide and use the tools, dies and molds that we generally own to manufacture our products. However, we have limited control over the manufacturing processes themselves. As a result, any difficulties encountered by the third-party manufacturers that result in product defects, production delays, cost overruns or the inability to fulfill orders on a timely basis, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

17

Table of Contents 

We do not have long-term contracts with our third-party manufacturers. Although we believe we could secure other third-party manufacturers to produce our products, our operations would be adversely affected if we suddenly lost our relationship with any of our current suppliers or if our current suppliers operations or sea or air transportation with our overseas manufacturers were disrupted or terminated even for a relatively short period of time. Our tools, dies and molds are located at the facilities of our third-party manufacturers. Although we own the majority of those tools, dies and molds, our ability to retrieve them and move them to a new manufacturer might be limited by lack of manufacturing equipment compatibility. In addition, the current COVID-19 pandemic has made on-site engagement of our vendor base more challenging. 

Although we do not purchase the raw materials used to manufacture our products, we are potentially subject to variations in the prices we pay our third-party manufacturers for products, depending upon what they pay for their raw materials. We may also incur costs or other losses as a result of not placing orders consistent with our forecasts for product manufactured by our suppliers or manufacturers for a variety of reasons including customer order cancellations or a decline in demand. In the event that some unexpected shock to the market (like the COVID-19 pandemic) were to suddenly drastically change demand for product anticipated to be procured from our third-party manufacturers, we may incur some costs relating to raw materials they have ordered on our behalf, and/or finished goods that were not shipped due to last-minute cancelled orders from our customers buying FOB from China. 

Although our manufacturers bear the foreign-exchange risk by committing to USD/HKD pricing despite having non-USD/HKD cost elements, we could nonetheless be adversely impacted if they fail to manage that risk accordingly. In that event, the predictable flow of product at the prices we expect could be disrupted, and we may not have adequate time to source comparable product elsewhere in time to avoid disruptions in our selling cycle. 

The toy industry is highly competitive and our inability to compete effectively may materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The toy industry is highly competitive. Globally, certain of our competitors have financial and strategic advantages over us, including: 

greater financial resources; 

larger sales, marketing and product development departments; 

stronger brand name recognition and/or well-established owned brands/trademark; 

broader international sales and marketing infrastructure; 

longer operating histories; and 

greater economies of scale, inclusive of purchasing power and leverage of their investments across a range of areas, inclusive but not limited to research, technology, data analytics and strategic sourcing. 

In addition, the toy industry has no significant barriers to entry. Competition is based primarily upon the ability to design and develop new toys, procure licenses for popular characters and trademarks, and successfully market products. Many of our competitors offer similar products or alternatives to our products. Our competitors have obtained and are likely to continue to obtain licenses that overlap our licenses with respect to products, geographic areas and retail channels. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain adequate shelf space in retail stores to support our existing products, expand our products and product lines or continue to compete effectively against current and future competitors. 

18

Table of Contents 

Our corporate headquarters, fulfillment center and information technology systems are in Southern California, and if these operations are disrupted, we may not be able to operate our core functions and/or ship merchandise to our customers, which would adversely affect our business. 

Our corporate headquarters, distribution center and information technology systems are in Santa Monica and the City of Industry, California, and the overwhelming majority of our U.S.-based staff lives in Southern California. If we encounter any disruptions to our operations within these buildings, or if they were to shut down for any reason, including by fire or other natural disaster, or as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, then we may be prevented from effectively operating, shipping and processing our merchandise. Furthermore, the risk of disruption or shut down at these buildings and/or within the Southern California community is greater than it might be if they were located in another region as Southern California is prone to natural disasters such as earthquakes and wildfires. Any disruption or shut down at these locations could significantly impact our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, it is possible that our business operations will be adversely impacted by future climate changes, albeit in ways we cannot predict or quantify at this time. 

We have substantial sales and manufacturing operations outside of the United States, subjecting us to risks common to international operations. 

We sell products and operate facilities in numerous countries outside the United States. Sales to our international customers comprised approximately 19.1 of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 and approximately 17.5 of our net sales for year ended December 31, 2021. We expect our sales to international customers to account for a greater portion of our revenues in future fiscal periods. Additionally, we use third-party manufacturers, located principally in China, and are subject to the risks normally associated with operations, including: 

currency conversion risks and currency fluctuations; 

limitations, including taxes, on the repatriation of earnings; 

political instability, including wars and civil unrest, and economic instability; 

greater difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting such rights; 

complications in complying with laws in varying jurisdictions and changes in governmental policies; 

greater difficulty and expenses associated with recovering from natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods; 

transportation delays and interruption, inclusive of raw material s sourcing to our third-party manufacturers as well as finished goods delivery through to our customers and ultimate consumers; 

work stoppages; 

the potential imposition of tariffs; and 

the pricing of intercompany transactions may be challenged by taxing authorities in both foreign jurisdictions and the United States, with potential increases in income and other taxes. 

Our reliance upon external sources of manufacturing can be shifted, over a period of time, to alternative sources of supply, should such changes be necessary. However, if we were prevented from obtaining products or components for a material portion of our product line due to regulatory, political, labor or other factors beyond our control, our operations would be disrupted while alternative sources of products were secured. Also, the imposition of trade sanctions by the United States against a class of products imported by us from, or the loss of normal trade relations status by China could significantly increase our cost of products imported from that nation. Because of the importance of international sales and international sourcing of manufacturing to our business, our results of operations and financial condition could be significantly and adversely affected if any of the risks described above were to occur. 

19

Table of Contents 

Legal proceedings may harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

We are a party to lawsuits and other legal proceedings in the normal course of our business. Litigation and other legal proceedings can be expensive, lengthy and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. We cannot provide assurance that we will not be a party to additional legal proceedings in the future. To the extent legal proceedings continue for long time periods or are adversely resolved, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be significantly harmed. 

Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and any violation by us of such regulations could result in product liability claims, loss of sales, diversion of resources, damage to our reputation, increased warranty costs or removal of our products from the market, and we cannot assure you that our product liability insurance for the foregoing will be sufficient. 

Our business is subject to various laws, including the Federal Hazardous Substances Act, the Consumer Product Safety Act, the Flammable Fabrics Act and the rules and regulations promulgated under these acts. These statutes are administered by the Consumer Product Safety Commission CPSC ), which has the authority to remove from the market products that are found to be defective and present a substantial hazard or risk of serious injury or death. The CPSC can require a manufacturer to recall, repair or replace these products under certain circumstances. We cannot assure you that defects in our products will not be alleged or found. Any such allegations or findings could result in: 

product liability claims; 

loss of sales; 

diversion of resources; 

damage to our reputation; 

increased warranty and insurance costs; and 

removal of our products from the market and/or destruction of existing inventory. 

Any of these results may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that our product liability insurance will be sufficient to avoid or limit our loss in the event of an adverse outcome of any product liability claim. 

We depend upon our proprietary rights, and our inability to safeguard and maintain the same, or claims of third-parties that we have violated their intellectual property rights, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We rely upon trademark, copyright and trade secret protection, nondisclosure agreements and licensing arrangements to establish, protect and enforce our proprietary rights in our products. The laws of certain foreign countries may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the United States. We cannot assure you that we or our licensors will be able to successfully safeguard and maintain our proprietary rights. Further, certain parties have commenced legal proceedings or made claims against us based upon our alleged patent infringement, misappropriation of trade secrets or other violations of their intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you that other parties will not assert intellectual property claims against us in the future. These claims could divert our attention from operating our business or result in unanticipated legal and other costs, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

20

Table of Contents 

Restructuring our workforce can be disruptive and harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

We have in the past restructured or made other adjustments to our workforce in response to the economic environment, performance issues, acquisitions, and other internal and external considerations. Restructurings can among other things result in a temporary lack of focus, reductions in net sales and reduced productivity. In addition, we may be unable to realize the anticipated cost savings from our previously announced restructuring efforts or may incur additional and/or unexpected costs in order to realize the anticipated savings. The amounts of anticipated cost savings and anticipated expenses-related restructurings are based on our current estimates, but they involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those previously planned. These impacts, among others, could occur in connection with previously announced restructuring efforts, or related to future acquisitions and other restructurings and, as a result, our results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected. In particular, in April 2020 the company executed a restructuring of its workforce to mitigate costs in light of reduced revenue expectations attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

The inability to successfully defend claims from taxing authorities or the adoption of new tax legislation could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We conduct business in many countries, which requires us to interpret the income tax laws and rulings in each of those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax laws in those jurisdictions as well as the subjectivity of factual interpretations, our estimates of income tax liabilities may differ from actual payments or assessments. Claims from tax authorities related to these differences could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, legislative bodies in the various countries in which we do business may from time to time adopt new tax legislation that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may not be able to sustain or manage our product line growth, which may prevent us from increasing our net revenues. 

Historically, we experienced growth in our product lines through acquisitions of businesses, products and licenses. This growth in product lines has contributed significantly to our total revenues over the years. Even though we have had no significant acquisitions since 2012, comparing our future period-to-period operating results may not be meaningful and results of operations from prior periods may not be indicative of future results. We cannot assure that we will continue to experience growth in, or maintain our present level of, net sales. 

Our growth strategy calls for us to continuously develop and diversify our toy business by acquiring other companies, entering into additional license agreements, refining our product lines, expanding into adjacent Toys/Consumer Products/Costume categories and expanding into international markets, which will place additional demands upon our management, operational capacity and financial resources and systems. The increased demand upon management may necessitate our recruitment and retention of qualified management personnel. We cannot assure that we will be able to recruit and retain qualified personnel or expand and manage our operations effectively and profitably. To effectively manage future growth, we must continue to expand our operational, financial and management information systems and to train, motivate and manage our workforce. There can be no assurance that our operational, financial and management information systems will be adequate to support our future operations. Failure to expand our operational, financial and management information systems or to train, motivate or manage employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, implementation of our growth strategy is subject to risks beyond our control, including competition, market acceptance of new products, changes in economic conditions, our ability to obtain or renew licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to identify acquisition candidates and conclude acquisitions on acceptable terms, and our ability to obtain the required consents from certain lenders and finance increased levels of accounts receivable and inventory necessary to support our sales growth, if any. Accordingly, we cannot assure that our growth strategy will be successful. 

21

Table of Contents 

We rely extensively on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption, or security breach of that technology could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

We rely extensively on information technology systems across our operations, including for management of our supply chain, sale and delivery of our products and services, reporting our results of operations, collection and storage of consumer data, data of customers, employees and other stakeholders, and various other processes and transactions. Many of these systems are managed by third-party service providers. We use third-party technology and systems for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, back-office support, and other functions. In any given year, a small volume of our consumer products and services may rely on a component or element which is internet-enabled, and may be offered in conjunction with business partners or such third-party service providers. We, our business partners and third-party service providers may collect, process, store and transmit consumer data, including personal information, in connection with those products and services. Failure to follow applicable regulations related to those activities, or to prevent or mitigate data loss or other security breaches, including breaches of our business partners technology and systems, could expose us or our customers to a risk of loss or misuse of such information, which could adversely affect our results of operations, result in regulatory enforcement or other litigation and could be a potential liability for us, and otherwise significantly harm our business. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the production, distribution, and sale of our products and services depends significantly on the reliability and capacity of these systems and third-party service providers. 

Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect customer information and prevent data loss and other security breaches, including systems and processes designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at a third-party provider, such measures cannot provide absolute security. We have exposures to similar security risks faced by other large companies that have data stored on their information technology systems. In December 2022 we were the target of a ransomware attack which caused a temporary disruption in our information technology system that did not have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We implemented and continue to implement improvements to our information technology systems to defend against and mitigate the potential impact of such attacks. There is no assurance, however, that such improvements will be successful in preventing such attacks in the future. There is also no assurance that such an event or other attacks against our information technology systems in the future might not have an adverse impact on our business, or that the exfiltration of certain sensitive employee and vendor data as a result of such attack or future events of this nature might not result in claims or litigations in the future. If our systems or our third-party service providers systems fail to operate effectively or are damaged, destroyed, or shut down, or there are problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or there are security breaches in these systems, any of the aforementioned could occur as a result of natural disasters, human error, software or equipment failures, telecommunications failures, loss or theft of equipment, acts of terrorism, circumvention of security systems, or other cyber-attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, we could experience delays or decreases in product sales, and reduced efficiency of our operations. Additionally, any of these events could lead to violations of continually evolving privacy laws, loss of customers, or loss, misappropriation or corruption of confidential information, trade secrets or data, which could expose us to potential litigation, regulatory actions, sanctions or other statutory penalties, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, and cause us to incur significant losses and remediation costs. 

The COVID-19 pandemic required most of our employees to work remotely, putting unprecedented strain on our information technology resources and infrastructure. Although in 2022 we defaulted back to a more traditional on-premise work model, we continue to support a higher degree of work-from-home opportunities than we did pre-COVID-19 the work-from-home model ). Although our policies and procedures continue to adjust and adapt informed by our own experiences and market norms, we cannot say with certainty what level of hybrid work we will continue to support as we move forward. With that in mind, we cannot be sure how remote work may generate an increase in new and unforeseen risks of business disruption and/or increased complexity across the range of functions that comprise the Company s daily activities. In addition, the work-from-home model may increase our vulnerability to hacking and other nefarious activities as employees adjust to new hardware/software infrastructure, resources and processes as well as close the gap created by no longer being in close physical proximity to their colleagues. Although all employees are required to use work infrastructure and our secure VPN, we cannot be completely certain that we will not have increased exposure to security considerations in this environment. 

22

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to acquire and integrate companies and new product lines successfully, we will be unable to implement a significant component of our growth strategy. 

Our growth strategy depends, in part, upon our ability to acquire companies and new product lines. Future acquisitions, if any, may succeed only if we can effectively assess characteristics of potential target companies and product lines, such as: 

attractiveness of products; 

suitability of distribution channels; 

management ability; 

financial condition and results of operations; 

supply-chain resilience and competitive advantage; 

the degree to which acquired operations can be seamlessly integrated with our organization; and 

appropriate valuation and our ability to create substantially more value post-acquisition. 

We cannot assure you that we can identify attractive acquisition candidates or negotiate acceptable acquisition terms, and our failure to do so may adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to sustain growth. Our acquisition strategy involves a number of risks, each of which could adversely affect our operating results, including: 

difficulties in integrating acquired businesses or product lines, assimilating new facilities and personnel, and harmonizing diverse business strategies and methods of operation; 

diversion of management attention from operation of our existing business; 

loss of key personnel and institutional knowledge from acquired companies; 

failure of an acquired business to achieve targeted financial results, inclusive of working capital needs; 

limited capital to finance acquisitions and/or fund appropriate working capital post-acquisition; and 

inability to maintain or secure relevant licenses to maintain or expand the net sales of acquired business. 

We may engage in strategic transactions that could negatively impact our liquidity, increase our expenses and present significant distractions to our management. 

We may consider strategic transactions and business arrangements, including, but not limited to, acquisitions, asset purchases, partnerships, joint ventures, restructurings, divestitures and investments. Any such transaction may require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, may increase our near and long-term expenditures and may pose significant integration challenges or disrupt our management or business, which could harm our operations and financial results. 

If securities or industry analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our common stock, publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, or sets unreasonable expectations or makes erroneous assumptions about our future performance which ultimately are not achieved, the price of our common stock would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which could cause the price of our common stock and trading volume to decline. 

23

Table of Contents 

We have a small public float compared to other larger publicly-traded companies, which may result in price swings in our common stock or make it difficult to acquire or dispose of our common stock. 

This small public float can result in large swings in our stock price with relatively low trading volume. In addition, a purchaser that seeks to acquire a significant number of shares may be unable to do so without increasing our common stock price, and conversely, a seller that seeks to dispose of a significant number of shares may experience a decreasing stock price. 

Our stock price has been volatile over the past several years and could decline in the future, resulting in losses for our investors. 

All the factors discussed in this section, disclosures made in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or any other material announcements or events could affect our stock price. In addition, quarterly fluctuations in our operating results, changes in investor and analyst perception of the business risks and conditions of our business, our ability to meet earnings estimates and other performance expectations of financial analysts or investors, unfavorable commentary or downgrades of our stock by research analysts, fluctuations in the stock prices of other toy companies or in stock markets in general, and general economic or political conditions could also cause the price of our stock to change. A significant drop in the price of our stock could expose us to the risk of securities class action lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources, adversely affecting our business. 

We have a valuation allowance on a portion of the deferred taxes on our books since their future realization is uncertain. 

Deferred tax assets are realized by prior and future taxable income of appropriate character. Current accounting standards require that a valuation allowance be recorded if it is not likely that sufficient taxable income of appropriate character will be generated to realize the deferred tax assets. We currently believe that based on the available information, it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax assets, related to capital losses, will not be realized. 

We have a material amount of goodwill which, if it becomes impaired, would result in a reduction in our net earnings. 

Goodwill is the amount by which the cost of an acquisition exceeds the fair value of the net assets we acquire. Goodwill is not amortized and is required to be evaluated for impairment at least annually. At December 31, 2022, 35.1 million, or 8.7 of our total assets represented goodwill. Declines in our profitability may impact the fair value of our reporting units, which could result in a write-down of our goodwill and consequently harm our results of operations. We did not record any goodwill impairment charges during 2022, 2021, or 2020. In the future, if we do not maintain our profitability and growth targets, the carrying value of our goodwill may become impaired, resulting in impairment charges. 

Item 2. Properties 

The following is a listing of the principal leased offices maintained by us as of April 14, 2023 

Approximate 

Lease Expiration 

Property 

Location 

Square Feet 

Date 

US 

Distribution Center 

City of Industry, California 

800,000 

April 30, 2025 

Disguise Office 

Poway, California 

24,200 

June 30, 2024 

Corporate Headquarters/Showroom 

Santa Monica, California 

65,858 

January 31, 2024 

International 

Europe Office 

Bracknell, United Kingdom 

8,957 

January 19, 2027 

Hong Kong Headquarters 

Kowloon, Hong Kong 

18,500 

June 30, 2025 

The Costumes segment is included in the properties listed above. 

24

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

For information regarding our legal proceedings, see Item 8 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 20 Litigation and Contingencies. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

25

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select exchange under the symbol JAKK. 

Security Holders 

To the best of our knowledge, as of April 13, 2023, there were 79 holders of record of our common stock. We believe there are numerous beneficial owners of our common stock whose shares are held in street name. 

Dividends 

The payment of dividends on common stock is at the discretion of the Board of Directors and is subject to customary limitations and may be subject to certain restrictions pursuant to the terms of our preferred stock and under our credit facility and term loan. We currently do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Compensation Plan Information 

The table below sets forth the following information as of the year ended December 31, 2022 for (i) all compensation plans previously approved by our stockholders and (ii) all compensation plans not previously approved by our stockholders, if any: 

(a) the number of securities to be issued upon the exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights; 

(b) the weighted-average exercise price of such outstanding options, warrants and rights; and 

(c) other than securities to be issued upon the exercise of such outstanding options, warrants and rights, the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the plans. 

Plan Category 

Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

			 (a) 

Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

			 (b) 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans, Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

943,633 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

943,633 

Equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders consist of the 2002 Stock Award and Incentive Plan. An additional 1.0 million, 3.6 million, 2.5 million and 1.4 million shares were added to the number of total issuable shares under the Plan and approved by the Board in 2021, 2019, 2017, and 2013, respectively. Additionally, no shares of restricted stock awards remained unvested as of December 31, 2022. Disclosures with respect to equity issuable to certain of our executive officers pursuant to the terms of their employment agreements are disclosed below under Item 11. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

There were no issuer purchases of equity securities in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Issuer Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities 

There were no issuer sales of unregistered equity securities in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

26

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. You should read this section in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in Item 8 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements and supplementary information were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, included within Item 8. Inherent in the application of many of these accounting policies is the need for management to make estimates and judgments in the determination of certain revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. As such, materially different financial results can occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. The estimates with the greatest potential effect on our results of operations and financial position include: 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts. Our allowance for doubtful accounts is based upon management s assessment of the business environment, customers financial condition, historical collection experience, accounts receivable aging, customer disputes and the collectability of specific customer accounts. If there were a deterioration of a major customer s creditworthiness, or actual defaults were higher than our historical experience, our estimates of the recoverability of amounts due to us could be overstated, which could have an adverse impact on our operating results. Our allowance for doubtful accounts is also affected by the time at which uncollectible accounts receivable balances are actually written off. Management believes the accounting estimate related to the allowance for doubtful account is a critical accounting policy because significant judgement is required to evaluate the creditworthiness of its customers when estimating the collectability of its accounts receivable. In addition, the allowance requires a high degree of judgement since it involves estimation of the impact of both current and future economic factors in relation to its customers ability to pay amounts due to us. Significant changes in the assumptions used to develop the estimates could materially affect key financial measures, including other selling and administrative expenses, net income and accounts receivable. 

Royalties. We enter into license agreements with strategic partners, inventors, designers and others for the use of intellectual properties in its products. These agreements may call for payment in advance or future payment of minimum guaranteed amounts. Amounts paid in advance are recorded as an asset and charged to expense when the related revenue is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. If all or a portion of the minimum guaranteed amounts appear not to be recoverable through future use of the rights obtained under the license, the non-recoverable portion of the guaranty is charged to expense at that time. On a quarterly basis, we evaluate the recoverability of minimum guarantee amounts based on forecasted revenues to be received for the products and record a shortfall reserve for expected un-recoverable amounts. If our actual revenue generated differs from our projections, recoverability of our minimum guarantees would be impacted and could materially affect key financial measures, including gross profit, net income and prepaid assets. 

Fair value measurements. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In determining fair value, we use various methods including market, income and cost approaches. Based upon these approaches, we often utilize certain assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and/or the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique. These inputs can be readily observable, market-corroborated, or unobservable inputs. We utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Based upon observable inputs used in the valuation techniques, we are required to provide information according to the fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy ranks the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair values into three broad levels as follows: 

Level 1: 

Valuations for assets and liabilities traded in active markets from readily available pricing sources for market transactions involving identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2: 

Valuations for assets and liabilities traded in less active dealer or broker markets. Valuations are obtained from third-party pricing services for identical or similar assets or liabilities. 

Level 3: 

Valuations incorporate certain assumptions and projections in determining the fair value assigned to such assets or liabilities. 

In instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is based upon inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based upon the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability (see Item 8 "Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 16 - Fair Value Measurements for further information). 

27

Table of Contents 

Reserve for Inventory Obsolescence. We value our inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Based upon a consideration of quantities on hand, actual and projected sales volume, anticipated product selling prices and product lines planned to be discontinued, slow-moving and obsolete inventory is written down to its net realizable value. 

Failure to accurately predict and respond to consumer demand could result in us under-producing popular items or over-producing less popular items. Furthermore, significant changes in demand for our products would impact management s estimates in establishing our inventory provision. 

Management s estimates are monitored on a quarterly basis, and a further adjustment to reduce inventory to its net realizable value is recorded as an increase to cost of sales when deemed necessary under the lower of cost or net realizable value standard. Significant changes in the assumptions used to develop the estimate could materially affect key financial measures, including gross profit, net income and inventories. 

Reserve for Sales Returns and Allowances . We routinely enter into arrangements with our customers to provide sales incentives, support customer promotions and provide allowances for returns and defective merchandise. Such programs are based primarily on customer purchases, customer performance of specified promotional activities and other specified factors such as sales to consumers. Management believes that the accounting estimates related to sales adjustments are critical accounting policies because significant judgment is required to estimate related accruals, such as estimating volumes of defective products to support reserves for defective merchandise and estimating future customer performance and consumer preferences that could impact the discretionary sales promotions. Significant changes in the assumptions used to develop the estimates could materially affect key financial measures, such as net sales, gross profit, net income, and reserve for sales returns and allowances. 

Income Allocation for Income Taxes . Our annual income tax provision and related income tax assets and liabilities are based upon actual income as allocated to the various tax jurisdictions based upon our transfer pricing study, US and foreign statutory income tax rates and tax regulations and planning opportunities in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in interpreting tax regulations in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, and in evaluating worldwide uncertain tax positions. Actual results could differ materially from those judgments, and changes from such judgments could materially affect our consolidated financial statements. 

Income taxes. We do not file a consolidated return for our foreign subsidiaries. We file federal and state returns and our foreign subsidiaries each file returns in their respective jurisdictions, as applicable. Deferred taxes are provided on an asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets are recognized as deductible temporary differences, operating losses, or tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized as taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

We must assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance, if, based upon the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that we will not realize some portion or all of the deferred tax assets. We consider all available positive and negative evidence when assessing whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. We consider evidence such as our past operating results, the existence of cumulative losses or cumulative income in previous periods and our forecast of future taxable income. We believe this to be a critical accounting policy because should there be a change in our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, our tax provision would increase in the period in which we determine that the recovery is not likely, as well as decrease in the period in which the assessment of the recoverability of the deferred tax assets reverses, which could have a material impact on our results of operations. 

We accrue a tax reserve for additional income taxes and interest, which may become payable in future years as a result of audit adjustments by tax authorities. The reserve is based upon management s assessment of all relevant information and is periodically reviewed and adjusted as circumstances warrant. As of December 31, 2022, our income tax reserves were approximately 2.9 million and relates to federal and state taxes. 

We recognize current period interest expense and penalties and the reversal of previously recognized interest expense and penalties that has been determined to not be assessable due to the expiration of the related audit period or other compelling factors on the income tax liability for unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the income tax provision recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. 

28

Table of Contents 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements. 

See Item 8 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain statement of operations data as a percentage of net sales. A discussion of the operating results for 2020 can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 16, 2022, in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net sales 

100.0 

100.0 

Less: Cost of sales: 

Cost of goods 

56.5 

55.2 

Royalty expense 

15.9 

14.0 

Amortization of tools and molds 

1.1 

1.3 

Cost of sales 

73.5 

70.5 

Gross profit 

26.5 

29.5 

Direct selling expenses 

4.2 

6.9 

General and administrative expenses 

14.4 

15.9 

Depreciation and amortization 

0.2 

0.4 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

18.8 

23.2 

Income from operations 

7.7 

6.3 

Other income (expense), net 

0.1 

Change in fair value of preferred stock derivative liability 

(0.1 

(2.1 

Change in fair value of convertible senior notes 

(2.6 

Gain on loan forgiveness 

1.0 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

(1.2 

Interest expense 

(1.4 

(2.3 

Income (loss) before provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

6.3 

(0.9 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

(5.2 

Net income (loss) 

11.5 

(0.9 

Net income (loss) attributable to JAKKS Pacific, Inc. 

11.5 

(0.9 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

11.3 

(1.2 

The following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, certain statement of operations data by segment (in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net Sales 

Toys/Consumer Products 

647,317 

513,517 

Costumes 

148,870 

107,599 

796,187 

621,116 

Cost of Sales 

Toys/Consumer Products 

465,405 

357,226 

Costumes 

119,496 

80,933 

584,901 

438,159 

Gross Profit 

Toys/Consumer Products 

181,912 

156,291 

Costumes 

29,374 

26,666 

211,286 

182,957 

29

Table of Contents 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Net Sales 

Toys/Consumer Products. Net sales of our Toys/Consumer Products segment were 647.3 million in 2022, compared to 513.5 million in 2021, representing an increase of 133.8 million, or 26.1 . The increase in net sales was primarily due to higher sales of Disney Encanto . In addition, net sales from video game properties, Sonic the Hedgehog and Nintendo , also added to the yearly increase in net sales. 

Costumes. Net sales of our Costumes segment were 148.9 million in 2022, compared to 107.6 million in 2021, representing an increase of 41.3 million, or 38.4 . The increase in net sales was primarily driven by the Disney and Microsoft lines of costumes and expanded retail distribution. 

Cost of Sales 

Toys/Consumer Products. Cost of sales of our Toys/Consumer Products segment was 465.4 million, or 71.9 of related net sales in 2022 compared to 357.2 million, or 69.6 of related net sales in 2021 representing an increase of 108.2 million or 30.3 . The increase in dollars is due to higher overall sales in 2022, while the increase in percentage of net sales, year-over-year is due to a higher average royalty rate and higher freight charges. 

Costumes. Cost of sales of our Costumes segment was 119.5 million, or 80.3 of related net sales for 2022 compared to 80.9 million, or 75.2 of related net sales for 2021 representing an increase of 38.6 million, or 47.7 . The increase in dollars is due to higher overall sales in 2022. The increase as a percentage of net sales, year-over-year, is due to higher freight charges. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses were 150.0 million in 2022 and 144.2 million in 2021, constituting 18.8 and 23.2 of net sales, respectively. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased from the prior year primarily driven by higher outbound freight and warehouse expenses related to higher domestic shipping, as well as higher compensation expense. 

Gain on loan forgiveness 

In 2021, we recognized a gain on loan forgiveness of 6.2 million as a result of the forgiveness of the Paycheck Protection Program Loan secured under the Coronavirus Aid Relief and Economic Security Act. 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

In 2021, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of 7.4 million in connection with the refinance of the 2019 Recap Term Loan. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense was 11.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 14.1 million in the prior year period. In 2022, we recorded interest expense of 9.3 million related to our 2021 BSP Term Loan, 0.6 million related to our revolving credit facility and 1.3 million related to other borrowing costs. In 2021, we booked interest expense of 7.3 million related to our 2019 Recap Term Loan, 5.4 million related to our 2021 BSP Term Loan, 0.8 million related to our revolving credit facility and 0.6 million related to our convertible senior notes due in 2023. 

Provision for Income Taxes 

Our income tax benefit, which includes federal, state and foreign income taxes and discrete items, was 41.0 million, or an effective tax rate of (81.9 for 2022. During 2021, the income tax expense was 0.2 million, or an effective tax rate of (4.0 ). 

The 2022 tax benefit of 41.0 million included a discrete tax benefit of 49.8 million primarily comprised of a valuation allowance release. Absent these discrete tax benefits, our effective tax rate for 2022 was 17.6 , primarily due to taxes on federal, state, and foreign income. 

30

Table of Contents 

The 2021 tax expense of 0.2 million included a discrete tax benefit of 0.4) million primarily comprised of return to provision and uncertain tax position adjustments. Absent these discrete tax benefits, our effective tax rate for 2021 was (10.7 ), primarily due to state taxes and taxes on foreign income. 

We assess the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use the existing deferred tax assets by jurisdiction. Based on our evaluation of all positive and negative evidence, as of December 31, 2022, a valuation allowance of 0.7 million has been recorded against the deferred tax assets that more likely than not will not be realized. The net deferred tax assets of 57.8 million consists of the net deferred tax assets in the US and foreign jurisdictions, where we are in a cumulative income position. 

Uncertainties that may have a significant impact on net sales and income (loss) from operations 

Significant outbreaks of contagious diseases, and other adverse public health developments, could have a material impact on our business operations and operating results. In December 2019, a strain of Novel Coronavirus causing respiratory illness and death emerged in the city of Wuhan in the Hubei province of China. The Chinese government took certain emergency measures to combat the spread of the virus, including extension of the Lunar New Year holiday, implementation of travel bans and closure of factories and businesses. The majority of our materials and products are sourced from suppliers located in China. 

In 2020, the Novel Coronavirus was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization and has been spreading throughout the world, including the United States, resulting in emergency measures, including travel bans, closure of retail stores, and restrictions on gatherings of more than a maximum number of people. To the extent that these outbreaks are disruptive to local economies and commercial activity, that development creates downward pressure on our ability to make our product line available to consumers or for consumers to purchase our products, even if our products are available. At this time, we cannot quantify the extent of the impact this disease has had or will have on our sales, net income and cash flows, but it could be significant. 

In the first quarter of 2022, Russia and Ukraine were engaged in an armed conflict. We cannot predict at this time the length of this conflict and if it will spread to other countries. Accordingly, we cannot quantify at this time if, or the extent, this conflict will adversely impact our business operations. 

31

Table of Contents 

Quarterly Fluctuations and Seasonality 

We have experienced significant quarterly fluctuations in operating results and anticipate these fluctuations in the future. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period. Our first quarter is typically expected to be the least profitable as a result of lower net sales but substantially similar fixed operating expenses. This is consistent with the performance of many companies in the toy industry. 

The following table presents our unaudited quarterly results for the years indicated. The seasonality of our business is reflected in this quarterly presentation. 

2022 

2021 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

(Unaudited) 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Net sales 

120,881 

220,422 

322,998 

131,886 

83,843 

112,352 

236,957 

187,964 

As a of full year 

15.2 

27.7 

40.6 

16.5 

13.5 

18.1 

38.1 

30.3 

Gross profit 

29,917 

60,890 

91,911 

28,568 

26,094 

31,897 

74,924 

50,042 

As a of full year 

14.2 

28.8 

43.5 

13.5 

14.3 

17.4 

41.0 

27.3 

As a of net sales 

24.7 

27.6 

28.5 

21.7 

31.1 

28.4 

31.6 

26.6 

Income (loss) from operations 

(734 

23,660 

53,741 

(15,697 

(2,723 

1,821 

36,743 

2,926 

As a of full year 

(1.2 

38.8 

88.1 

(25.7 

(7.0 

4.7 

94.8 

7.5 

As a of net sales 

(0.7 

10.7 

16.7 

(11.9 

(3.2 

1.6 

15.5 

1.6 

Income (loss) before provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

(3,492 

27,541 

42,248 

(16,221 

(23,963 

(15,160 

36,674 

(3,213 

As a of net sales 

(2.9 

12.4 

13.1 

(12.3 

(28.6 

(13.5 

15.5 

(1.7 

Net income (loss) 

(3,909 

26,207 

30,676 

38,109 

(24,051 

(15,060 

36,376 

(3,153 

As a of net sales 

(3.2 

11.8 

9.5 

28.9 

(28.7 

(13.4 

15.4 

(1.7 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 

(100 

(353 

(17 

140 

35 

24 

42 

19 

As a of net sales 

(0.1 

(0.2 

0.1 

Net income (loss) attributable to JAKKS Pacific, Inc. 

(3,809 

26,560 

30,693 

37,969 

(24,086 

(15,084 

36,334 

(3,172 

As a of net sales 

(3.1 

12.0 

9.5 

28.8 

(28.7 

(13.4 

15.3 

(1.7 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

(4,155 

26,209 

30,336 

37,607 

(24,412 

(15,415 

35,998 

(3,513 

As a of net sales 

(3.4 

11.9 

9.4 

28.5 

(29.1 

(13.7 

15.2 

(1.9 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share 

(0.43 

2.73 

2.96 

3.66 

(4.54 

(2.48 

3.97 

(0.37 

Weighted average shares and equivalents outstanding 

9,588 

10,037 

10,260 

10,263 

5,379 

6,220 

9,073 

9,511 

Quarterly and year-to-date computations of income (loss) per share amounts are made independently. Therefore, the sum of the per share amounts for the quarters may not agree with the per share amounts for the year. 

32

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of 101.9 million compared to 114.5 million as of December 31, 2021. 

Operating activities provided net cash of 86.1 million in 2022 and used net cash of 5.9 million in 2021. The increase in cash flows provided by operating activities, year-over-year, was primarily due to a higher net income and lower working capital usage, partially offset by lower non-cash charges related to valuation adjustments for our convertible senior notes and preferred stock derivative liability, and an increase in deferred income tax assets due to the release of the valuation allowance, offset by other deferred tax activities. Other than open purchase orders issued in the normal course of business related to shipped product, we have no obligations to purchase inventory from our manufacturers. However, we may incur costs or other losses as a result of not placing orders consistent with our forecasts for product manufactured by our suppliers or manufacturers for a variety of reasons including customer order cancellations or a decline in demand. As part of our strategy to develop and market new products, we have entered into various character and product licenses with royalties/obligations generally ranging from 1 to 22 payable on net sales of such products. As of December 31, 2022, these agreements required future aggregate minimum royalty guarantees of 74.7 million, exclusive of 1.8 million in advances already paid. Of this 74.7 million future minimum royalty guarantee, 38.1 million is due over the next twelve months. 

Investing activities used net cash of 10.4 million and 8.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and consisted primarily of cash paid for the purchase of molds and tooling used in the manufacture of our products. 

Financing activities used net cash of 31.0 million in 2022 and 32.8 million in 2021. The cash used in 2022 primarily consists of the repayment of our 2021 BSP Term loan of 29.6 million and repurchase of common stock for employee tax withholding of 1.4 million. The cash used in 2021 primarily consists of the repayment of our 2019 Recap Term Loan of 125.8 million, as well as, debt issuance costs of 2.6 million incurred in connection with the refinancing of our debt (see Item 8 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 10 Debt ), partially offset by the net proceeds from the issuance of our 2021 BSP Term Loan of 96.3 million. 

The following is a summary of our significant contractual cash obligations for the periods indicated that existed as of December 31, 2022 and is based upon information appearing in the notes to the consolidated financial statements (in thousands): 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Short-term debt 

25,529 

25,529 

Long-term debt 

2,475 

2,475 

2,475 

35,947 

43,372 

Interest on debt 

5,219 

4,390 

4,122 

3,867 

1,543 

19,141 

Operating leases 

11,723 

7,619 

2,346 

372 

13 

22,073 

Minimum guaranteed license/royalty payments 

38,089 

34,630 

1,969 

74,688 

Employment contracts 

8,500 

3,166 

2,458 

2,508 

16,632 

Total contractual cash obligations 

89,060 

52,280 

13,370 

9,222 

37,503 

201,435 

The above table excludes any potential uncertain income tax liabilities that may become payable upon examination of our income tax returns by taxing authorities. Such amounts and periods of payment cannot be reliably estimated (see Item 8 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 13 - Income Taxes for further explanation of our uncertain tax positions). 

As of December 31, 2022, we have 68.9 million of outstanding indebtedness under our first-lien secured term loan (the 2021 BSP Term Loan Agreement and we have no outstanding indebtedness under our senior secured revolving credit facility (the JPMorgan ABL Facility ), aside from utilizing 17.2 million in letters of credit. 

33

Table of Contents 

The First Lien Term Loan Facility Credit Agreement (the 2021 BSP Term Loan Agreement and the Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as agent and lender (the JPMorgan ABL Credit Agreement each contain negative covenants that, subject to certain exceptions, limit our ability and our subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, make restricted payments, pledge our assets as security, make investments, loans, advances, guarantees and acquisitions, undergo fundamental changes and enter into transactions with affiliates. The terms of the 2021 BSP Term Loan Agreement also require us to maintain a Net Leverage Ratio of 4:00x, with step-downs occurring each fiscal year starting with the quarter ending March 31, 2022 through the quarter ending September 30, 2024 in which we are required to maintain a Net Leverage Ratio of 3:00x. On April 26, 2022, we entered into a First Amendment to the 2021 BSP Term Loan Agreement, to provide, among other things, that we must maintain Qualified Cash of at least: (a) at all times after the Closing Date and prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, 20.0 million; (b) at all times during the period commencing on the First Amendment Effective Date through and including June 30, 2022, 15.0 million; and (c) at all times on and after July 1, 2022, through September 30, 2022, 17.5 million; provided, however, that if the Total Net Leverage Ratio exceeded 1.75:1.00 as of the last day of the most recently ended month for which financial statements were required to have been delivered, then the amount set forth in this clause shall be increased to 20.0 million. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Applicable Minimum Cash Amount shall be reduced by 1.0 million for every 5.0 million principal prepayment or repayment of the Term Loans following the First Amendment Effective Date; provided however, that, the Applicable Minimum Cash Amount shall in no event be reduced below 15.0 million. 

On June 27, 2022, as permitted by the terms within the 2021 BSP Term Loan Agreement, we made a voluntary fee-free 10.0 million prepayment towards the outstanding principal amount of the 2021 BSP Term Loan. 

On September 28, 2022, as permitted by the terms within the 2021 BSP Term Loan Agreement, we made a voluntary 17.5 million prepayment towards the outstanding principal amount of the 2021 BSP Term Loan and incurred a 0.5 million prepayment penalty. 

The 2021 BSP Term Loan Agreement and the JPMorgan ABL Agreement contain events of default that are customary for a facility of this nature, including (subject in certain cases to grace periods and thresholds) nonpayment of principal, nonpayment of interest, fees or other amounts, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties, violation of covenants, cross-default to certain other existing indebtedness, bankruptcy or insolvency events, certain judgment defaults and a change of control as specified in each Agreement. If an event of default occurs under either Agreement, the maturity of the amounts owed under the 2021 BSP Term Loan Agreement and the JPMorgan ABL Agreement may be accelerated. 

We were in compliance with the financial covenants under the 2021 BSP Term Loan Agreement and the JPMorgan ABL Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 

(See Item 8 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 10 Debt and Note 11 Credit Facilities for additional information pertaining to our Debt and Credit Facilities.) 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we held cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, of 85.5 million and 45.3 million, respectively. Cash, and cash equivalents, including restricted cash held outside of the United States in various foreign subsidiaries totaled 39.4 million and 30.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash balances in our foreign subsidiaries have either been fully taxed in the U.S. or tax has been accounted for in connection with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or may be eligible for a full foreign dividends received deduction under such Act, and thus would not be subject to additional U.S. tax should such amounts be repatriated in the form of dividends or deemed distributions. Any such repatriation may result in foreign withholding taxes, which we expect would not be significant as of December 31, 2022. 

Our primary sources of working capital are cash flows from operations and borrowings under our JPMorgan ABL Facility (See Item 8 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11 Credit Facilities ). 

Typically, cash flows from operations are impacted by the effect on sales of (1) the appeal of our products, (2) the success of our licensed brands in motivating consumer purchase of related merchandise, (3) the highly competitive conditions existing in the toy industry and in securing commercially-attractive licenses, (4) dependency on a limited set of large customers, and (5) general economic conditions. A downturn in any single factor or a combination of factors could have a material adverse impact upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to operate the business. In addition, our business and liquidity are dependent to a significant degree on our vendors and their financial health, as well as the ability to accurately forecast the demand for products. The loss of a key vendor, or material changes in support by them, or a significant variance in actual demand compared to the forecast, can have a material adverse impact on our cash flows and business. Given the conditions in the toy industry environment in general, vendors, including licensors, may seek further assurances or take actions to protect against non-payment of amounts due to them. Changes in this area could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity. 

34

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, off-balance sheet arrangements include letters of credit issued by JPMorgan of 17.2 million. 

On July 1, 2022, we entered into an ATM Agreement with B. Riley, as agent pursuant to which we may, from time to time, sell shares of our common stock, up to 75 million in common stock, in one or more offerings in amounts, at prices and in the terms that we will determine at the time of the offering. On July 1, 2022, we filed a Form S-3 shelf registration statement (File No. 333-266009) with the SEC. On Aug 1, 2022, the SEC declared the Form S-3 shelf registration statement filed by us to be effective. 

As of April 14, 2023, we have not sold any shares of common stock under the ATM Agreement. 

We have on file with the SEC an effective registration statement pursuant to which we may issue, from time to time, up to an additional 75 million of securities consisting of, or any combination of, common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, rights and/or units, in one or more offerings in amounts, prices and at terms that we will determine at the time of the offering. 

As of April 14, 2023, we have not sold any securities pursuant to our shelf registration statement. 

The nature of our business is a number of factors influence the price we offer product to our customers, and by extension they sell to our end customer. Our products are manufactured by third-party vendors who deal with increases in labor rates as a normal course of their respective businesses. The costing of the plastic components of our toys can be sensitive to sudden swings in oil prices. Currency exchange can also create a degree of volatility, although the majority of our products are sourced in USD or Hong Kong Dollars. Increased volumes ideally generate increased scale at various points in the value chain. Often times, in the toy industry when cost pressures result in price increases, the development teams will reengineer subsequent year refreshes to cost-reduce the items down to support traditional price points and preserve historical margins. With those considerations in mind as well as others, during the last three fiscal years ending December 31, we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our net sales and income from continuing operations. 

Exchange Rates 

Sales from our United States and Hong Kong operations are denominated in U.S. dollars and our manufacturing costs are denominated in either U.S. or Hong Kong dollars. Local sales (other than in Hong Kong) and operating expenses of our operations in Hong Kong, the United Kingdom, Germany, the Netherlands, France, Canada, Mexico and China are denominated in local currency, thereby creating exposure to changes in exchange rates. Changes in the various exchange rates against the U.S. dollar may positively or negatively affect our operating results. The exchange rate of the Hong Kong dollar to the U.S. dollar has been linked to the U.S. dollar by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority at HK 7.75 - HK 7.85 to US 1.00 since 2005 and, accordingly, has not represented a currency exchange risk to the U.S. dollar. We cannot assure you that the exchange rate between the United States and Hong Kong currencies will continue to be fixed or that exchange rate fluctuations between the United States and Hong Kong or all other currencies will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows due to adverse changes in financial and commodity market prices and rates. We are exposed to market risk in the areas of changes in United States and international borrowing rates and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. In addition, we are exposed to market risk in certain geographic areas that have experienced or remain vulnerable to an economic downturn, such as China. We purchase substantially all of our inventory from companies in China, and, therefore, we are subject to the risk that such suppliers will be unable to provide inventory at competitive prices. While we believe that, should such events occur we would be able to find alternative sources of inventory at competitive prices, we cannot assure you that we would be able to do so. These exposures are directly related to our normal operating and funding activities. To date, we have not used derivative instruments or engaged in hedging activities to minimize our market risk. 

35

Table of Contents 

Interest Rate Risk 

Our exposure to market risk includes interest rate fluctuations in connection with our 2021 BSP Term Loan (see Item 8 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 10 Debt) and our 2021 JPMorgan ABL Facility (see Item 8 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 11 Credit Facilities). As of December 31, 2022, we have 68.9 million of outstanding indebtedness under our BSP Term Loan which is due June 2027 with interest at either (i) LIBOR plus 6.50 - 7.00 (determined by reference to a net leverage pricing grid), subject to a 1.00 LIBOR floor, or (ii) base rate plus 5.50 - 6.00 (determined by reference to a net leverage pricing grid), subject to a 2.00 base rate floor. Borrowings under our JPMorgan ABL Facility bear interest at either (i) Eurodollar spread plus 1.50 - 2.00 (determined by reference to an excess availability pricing grid) or (ii) Alternate Base Rate plus 0.50 - 1.00 (determined by reference to an excess availability pricing grid and base rate subject to a 1.00 floor). Borrowings under the 2021 BSP Term Loan and 2021 JPMorgan ABL Facility are therefore subject to risk based upon prevailing market interest rates. Interest rate risk may result from many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors that are beyond our control. During the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, the maximum amount borrowed under the revolving credit facility was 13.0 million and the average amount of borrowings outstanding was 0.8 million. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of total borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility was nil. 

London Interbank Offering Rate LIBOR is an interest rate benchmark used as a reference rate for our term loan. Borrowings under our term loan will bear interest at a variable rate, primarily based on LIBOR. In July 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. It is unclear whether or not LIBOR will cease to exist at that time (and if so, what reference rate will replace it) or if new methods of calculating LIBOR will be established such that it continues to exist after 2021. On November 30, 2020, ICE Benchmark Administration IBA ), the administrator of LIBOR, with the support of the United States Federal Reserve and the United Kingdom s FCA, announced plans to consult on ceasing publication of USD LIBOR on December 31, 2021 for only the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR tenors, and on June 30, 2023 for all other USD LIBOR tenors. While this announcement extends the transition period to June 2023, the United States Federal Reserve concurrently issued a statement advising banks to stop new USD LIBOR issuances by the end of 2021. In light of these recent announcements, the future of LIBOR at this time is uncertain and any changes in the methods by which LIBOR is determined or regulatory activity related to LIBOR s phase-out could cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the past or cease to exist. 

The Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as the recommended alternative for use in financial and other derivatives contracts that are currently indexed to U.S. dollar LIBOR. 

In Q1 2023, we entered into amendments to our 2021 BSP Term Loan Agreement and our JPMorgan ABL Credit Agreement which changed the interest reference rate on our term loan and revolving line of credit from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). 

Foreign Currency Risk 

We have wholly-owned subsidiaries in Hong Kong, China, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, the Netherlands, Canada and Mexico. Sales are generally made by these operations on FOB China or Hong Kong terms and are denominated in U.S. dollars. However, purchases of inventory and Hong Kong operating expenses are typically denominated in Hong Kong dollars and local operating expenses in the United Kingdom, Germany, France, the Netherlands, Canada, Mexico and China are denominated in local currency, thereby creating exposure to changes in exchange rates. Changes in the U.S. dollar exchange rates may positively or negatively affect our results of operations. The exchange rate of the Hong Kong dollar to the U.S. dollar has been linked to the U.S. dollar by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority at HK 7.75 - HK 7.85 to US 1.00 since 2005 and, accordingly, has not represented a currency exchange risk to the U.S. dollar. We do not believe that near-term changes in these exchange rates, if any, will result in a material effect on our future earnings, fair values or cash flows. Therefore, we have chosen not to enter into foreign currency hedging transactions. We cannot assure you that this approach will be successful, especially in the event of a significant and sudden change in the value of these foreign currencies. 

36

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders and Board of Directors 

JAKKS Pacific, Inc. 

Santa Monica, California 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

37

Table of Contents 

Cost of Sales for Royalties and Related Liabilities 

As described in Notes 2, 9 and 17 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company enters into various license agreements whereby the Company uses certain characters and intellectual properties in conjunction with its products. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the cost of sales related to license agreement royalties was 126.6 million. As of December 31, 2022, accrued royalties were 18.0 million. 

We identified the cost of sales for royalties and related liabilities as a critical audit matter. The royalty expense calculation includes multiple variables based on various license agreements, including amended and renewed license agreements, and a significant volume of underlying data. Variables in calculating the royalty expense include the territory of where the sale occurs, a broad range of negotiated royalty rates for the type of product, user/usage measures, and the applicable license holder. The cost of sales for royalties and related liabilities requires judgment to critically evaluate its forecasts and evaluate its ability to fully utilize minimum guaranteed royalties. Auditing management s royalty expense and associated liabilities involved especially challenging auditor judgment and audit effort due to the nature and extent of effort required to address these matters. 

The primary procedure we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Evaluating the reasonableness of management s forecasts, which included: (i) obtaining an understanding of management s process for developing forecasts, (ii) comparing prior period forecasts to actual results, (iii) assessing the Company s ability to meet its future guarantees and (iv) evaluating the impact of alternative assumptions on the measurement and comparing to management s estimate. 

Assessing management s projections in the context of other audit evidence obtained during the audit and historical performance to determine whether it was contradictory to the conclusion reached by management. 

Recalculating royalty costs, agreeing calculation variables to the underlying agreements, and evaluating the reasonableness of royalty expense and related liabilities based on existing, amended and renewed license agreements during the year. 

Accounting for Income Taxes 

As described in Notes 2 and 13 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company s benefit from income taxes for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was 41.0 million, which included a discrete tax benefit of 49.8 million primarily comprised of the release of a majority of the Company s valuation allowance related to the deferred tax assets. 

We identified the Company s assessment of the realizability of its deferred tax assets as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for this determination were complex and subjective judgements involved in management s assessment of the realizability of its deferred tax assets, including the evaluation of assumptions that may be affected by future operations of the Company, market or economic conditions and assessing the weight of all existing positive and negative available evidence such as forecasts of future profitability, current and cumulative financial reporting results, and reversal of temporary differences. Auditing these elements involved especially complex and subjective auditor judgement, including the extent of specialized skills and knowledge needed. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Testing mathematical accuracy and computation of the tax provision and agreeing to relevant source information. 

Assessing the reasonableness of management s projections in the context of other audit evidence obtained during the audit, historical performance, allocations by tax jurisdiction, and the inherent uncertainty in the projections to determine whether it was contradictory to the conclusion reached by management. 

Utilizing personnel with specialized knowledge and skills in accounting for income taxes to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of certain assumptions related to the timing of the release of the valuation allowance and the Company s consideration of the weight of both positive and negative evidence supporting the potential use of projections of future taxable income to support the realizability of the deferred tax assets. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2006. 

April 14, 2023 

38

Table of Contents 

JAKKS PACIFIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

Assets 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and in 2022 and 2021, respectively 	 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment 

Office furniture and equipment 

Molds and tooling 

Leasehold improvements 

Total 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Other long-term assets 

Deferred income tax assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Trademarks 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accounts Payable - Meisheng (related party) 

Accrued expenses 

Reserve for sales returns and allowances 

Income taxes payable 

Short-term operating lease liabilities 

Short-term debt, net 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Debt, non-current portion, net of issuance costs and debt discounts 

Preferred stock derivative liability 

Income taxes payable 

Deferred income taxes liabilities, net 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 

Preferred stock accrued dividends, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021 	 

Stockholders' Equity 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021, respectively 	 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total JAKKS Pacific, Inc. stockholders' equity 

Non-controlling interests 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities, preferred stock and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

39

Table of Contents 

JAKKS PACIFIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Net sales 

Cost of sales: 

Cost of goods 

Royalty expense 

Amortization of tools and molds 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Direct selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

Intangible asset impairment 

Restructuring charge 

Pandemic related charges 

Income from operations 

Income from joint ventures 

Other income (expense), net 

Change in fair value of preferred stock derivative liability 

Change in fair value of convertible senior notes 

Gain on loan forgiveness 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Income (loss) before provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net income (loss) attributable to JAKKS Pacific, Inc. 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Earnings (loss) per share - basic 

Shares used in earnings (loss) per share - basic 

Earnings (loss) per share - diluted 

Shares used in earnings (loss) per share - diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

40

Table of Contents 

JAKKS PACIFIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(In thousands) 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to JAKKS Pacific, Inc. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

41

Table of Contents 

JAKKS PACIFIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock 

Accumulated 

JAKKS 

Additional 

Other 

Pacific, Inc. 

Non- 

Total 

Number of 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Stockholders 

Controlling 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Loss 

Equity 

Interests 

Equity 

(In thousands) 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Conversion of convertible senior notes 

Repurchase of common stock for employee tax withholding 

Preferred stock accrued dividends 

Net income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Adjustment to additional paid in capital 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Stock-based compensation expense 

RSA to RSU conversion 

Conversion of convertible senior notes 

Repurchase of common stock for employee tax withholding 

Preferred stock accrued dividends 

Net income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Repurchase of common stock for employee tax withholding 

Preferred stock accrued dividends 

Net income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

42

Table of Contents 

JAKKS PACIFIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Provision for (recovery of) doubtful accounts 

Depreciation and amortization 

Write-off and amortization of debt issuance costs 

Share-based compensation expense 

Payment-in-kind interest 

Write-off and amortization of debt discount 

(Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Tools and molds disposal 

Intangibles impairment 

Gain on loan forgiveness 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Deferred income taxes 

Change in fair value of convertible senior notes 

Change in fair value of preferred stock derivative liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Account payable 

Account payable - Meisheng (related party) 

Accrued expenses 

Reserve for sales returns and allowances 

Income taxes payable 

Other liabilities 

Total adjustments 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Repurchase of common stock for employee tax withholding 

Proceeds from loan under the Paycheck Protection Program 

Retirement of convertible senior notes 

Repayment of credit facility borrowings 

Proceeds from credit facility borrowings 

Repayment of 2021 BSP Term Loan 

Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 

Deferred issuance costs 

Repayment of 2019 Recap Term Loan 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Effect of foreign currency translation 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash financing activities: 

Forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program Loan 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes, net 

million of property and equipment included in accounts payable. As of December 31, 2021, there was million of property and equipment included in accounts payable. As of December 31, 2020, there was million of property and equipment included in accounts payable. 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and has included these amounts in cash paid during the period for income taxes, net. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

43

Table of Contents 

JAKKS PACIFIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

reverse stock split of its par value common stock reducing the issued and outstanding shares of common stock from to Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split did not cause an adjustment to the par value or the authorized shares of the common stock. All share and per share amounts in the financial statements and notes thereto have been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split, including reclassifying an amount equal to the reduction in par value of common stock to additional paid-in capital. The primary reason for implementing the Reverse Stock Split was to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). On July 31, 2020, the Company was notified by Nasdaq that it had regained compliance with the Nasdaq listing requirements. 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash balances in the Company s foreign subsidiaries have either been fully taxed in the U.S. or tax has been accounted for in connection with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or may be eligible for a full foreign dividends received deduction under such Act, and thus would not be subject to additional U.S. tax should such amounts be repatriated in the form of dividends or deemed distributions. Any such repatriation may result in foreign withholding taxes, which we expect would not be significant as of December 31, 2022. 

44

Table of Contents 

to of gross sales, and are generally based upon product purchases or specific advertising campaigns. Such allowances are accrued when the related revenue is recognized. To the extent these cooperative advertising arrangements provide a distinct benefit at fair value, they are accounted for as direct selling expenses, otherwise they are recorded as a reduction to revenue. Further, while the Company generally does not allow product returns, the Company does make occasional exceptions to this policy and consequently records a sales return allowance based upon historic return amounts and management estimates. These allowances (variable consideration) are estimated using the expected value method and are recorded at the time of sale as a reduction to revenue. The Company adjusts its estimate of variable consideration at least quarterly or when facts and circumstances used in the estimation process may change. The variable consideration is not constrained as the Company has sufficient history on the related estimates and does not believe there is a risk of significant revenue reversal. 

million, million, and million, respectively. 

million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. 

45

Table of Contents 

Finished goods 

million and million, respectively. 

46

Table of Contents 

years 	 

Automobiles 
			 
			 	 years 	 

Furniture and fixtures 
			 
			 	 - years 	 

Leasehold improvements 
			 
			 	 Shorter of length of lease or years 	 

million, million and million, respectively. 

), and million, respectively, which is included in cost of sales in the consolidated statements of operations. 

million, million and million, respectively. 

47

Table of Contents 

48

Table of Contents 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net income (loss) attributable to JAKKS Pacific, Inc. 

Preferred stock dividend 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic 

Earnings (loss) per share available to common stockholders - basic 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 

Earnings (loss) per share available to common stockholders - diluted 

shares issued and outstanding are non-participating. 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 

and , respectively, were excluded from the diluted earnings (loss) per share calculation since they would have been anti-dilutive. Potentially dilutive restricted stock awards and units of nil , and for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share since they would have been anti-dilutive. 

49

Table of Contents 

50

Table of Contents 

Costumes 

Costumes 

Costumes 

Costumes 

Europe 

Canada 

Latin America 

Asia 

Australia and New Zealand 

Middle East and Africa 

51

Table of Contents 

China 

Hong Kong 

United Kingdom 

Canada 

Mexico 

Target 

No other customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s total net sales. 

percent of the joint venture and consolidates the joint venture since control rests with the Company. The non-controlling interest s share of the income (loss) from the joint venture for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was ,000), ,000 and ,000, respectively. 

percent of the joint venture and will jointly own the content. JAKKS will retain merchandising rights for kids consumer products in all markets except China, which Meisheng Culture Creative Corp. will oversee through the Company s existing distribution joint venture. The results of operations of the joint venture are consolidated with the Company's results. The non-controlling interest s share of the income (loss) from the joint venture for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was nil . 

Royalty advances 

Employee retention credit 

Income tax receivable 

Other assets 

52

Table of Contents 

Product lines 

Customer relationships 

Trade names 

Non-compete agreements 

Total amortized intangible assets 

million, million and million, respectively. 

53

Table of Contents 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Inventory liabilities 

Professional fees 

Bonuses 

Goods in transit 

Third-party warehouse 

Unearned revenue 

Sales commissions 

Interest expense 

Other 

convertible senior notes due 2020 the Investor Parties to recapitalize the Company s balance sheet, including the extension to the Company of incremental liquidity and at least three-year extensions of substantially all of the Company s outstanding convertible debt obligations and revolving credit facility. 

million Oasis Note issued on November 7, 2017, and the million Oasis Note issued on July 26, 2018 (together, the Existing Oasis Notes ), and (ii) a new million convertible senior note having the same terms as such amended and restated notes (the "New 8.0 million Oasis Note" and collectively, the New Oasis Notes or the " convertible senior notes due 2023"). Interest on the New Oasis Notes is payable on each May 1 and November 1 until maturity and accrues at an annual rate of (i) if paid in cash or if paid in stock plus (ii) payable in kind. The New Oasis Notes mature 91 days after the amounts outstanding under the 2019 Recap Term Loan are paid in full, and in no event later than July 3, 2023. 

. The conversion price will be reset on each February 9 and August 9, starting on February 9, 2020 (each, a reset date to a price equal to of the 5-day VWAP preceding the applicable reset date. Under no circumstances shall the reset result in a conversion price be below the greater of (i) the closing price on the trading day immediately preceding the applicable reset date and (ii) of the stock price as of the Transaction Agreement Date, or August 7, 2019, and will not be greater than the conversion price in effect immediately before such reset. The Company may trigger a mandatory conversion of the New Oasis Notes if the market price exceeds of the conversion price under certain circumstances. The Company may redeem the New Oasis Notes in cash if a person, entity or group acquires shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ), and as a result owns at least of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock. On February 9, 2020, excluding the impact of the Reverse Stock Split, the conversion price of the New Oasis Notes reset to per share per share after reverse stock split). On August 9, 2020, the conversion price of the New Oasis Notes reset to . On February 9, 2021, the conversion price of the New Oasis Notes recalculated and remained unchanged at . 

million of the New Oasis Notes (including million in payment in-kind interest) were converted for shares of common stock. As a result, the Company recorded an increase to additional paid-in capital of million. As a result of the conversion in 2021, the New Oasis Notes were fully extinguished. 

54

Table of Contents 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to changes in the fair value of the 3.25 convertible senior notes due 2023 (see Note 16 Fair Value Measurement). 

million of principal amount, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, of the New Oasis Notes from Oasis Investment II Master Funds Ltd (see Note 12 Related Party Transactions). The transaction closed on February 8, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Benefit Street Partners held nil in principal amount of the New Oasis Notes. 

million first-lien secured term loan (the Initial Term Loan and a million delayed draw term loan (the Delayed Draw Term Loan and collectively, the 2021 BSP Term Loan ). Net proceeds from the issuance of the 2021 BSP Term Loan, after deduction of million in closing fees and million of other administrative fees paid directly to the lenders, totaled million. These fees are amortized over the life of the 2021 BSP Term Loan on a straight-line basis which approximates the effective interest method. Proceeds from the Initial Term Loan, together with available cash from the Company, were used to repay the Company s existing term loan (the 2019 Recap Term Loan formerly known as the New Term Loan in prior filings) under the agreement dated as of August 9, 2019 with Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as agent for certain investor parties. The Delayed Draw Term Loan provision was designed to provide necessary capital to redeem any of the Company s outstanding convertible senior notes due 2023, upon their maturity, which, upon repayment of the 2019 Recap Term Loan, accelerated to no later than 91 days from the repayment of the 2019 Recap Term Loan, or September 1, 2021. On July 29, 2021, the Company terminated its Delayed Draw Term Loan option as it determined it had sufficient liquidity to fund any outstanding convertible senior notes that remained upon maturity. 

- (determined by reference to a net leverage pricing grid), . The 2021 BSP Term Loan matures in June 2027. 

55

Table of Contents 

. 

million prepayment towards the outstanding principal amount of the 2021 BSP Term Loan. 

million prepayment towards the outstanding principal amount of the 2021 BSP Term Loan and incurred a million prepayment penalty. 

convertible senior notes due 2023 of the Company, as well as the Company s outstanding Series A Preferred Stock. 

million of debt issuance costs associated with the issuance of the 2021 BSP Term Loan was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million debt discount associated with the issuance of the 2021 BSP Term Loan was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million compared to a carrying value of million. The estimated fair value of the 2021 BSP Term Loan as of December 31, 2021 was million compared to a carrying value of million. 

56

Table of Contents 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

million loan under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP within the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ). The PPP loan maturity date was June 2, 2022, and was subject to the CARES Act terms which included, among other terms, an interest rate of per annum and monthly installment payments of commencing on September 27, 2021. The PPP loan allowed for prepayment at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. The PPP Loan was subject to events of default and other provisions customary for a loan of this type. A PPP loan may be forgiven, partially or in full, if certain conditions are met, principally based on having been disbursed for permissible purposes and maintaining certain average levels of employment and payroll as required by the CARES Act. On September 10, 2021, the full amount of the PPP loan was forgiven. The Small Business Administration SBA may review the Company s PPP loan forgiveness application for six years after the date of forgiveness. The Company may be subjected to penalties and repayment of the PPP loan if the SBA disagrees with the Company s eligibilities. Income from the forgiveness of the PPP Loan is recognized as a million gain on loan forgiveness in the consolidated statements of operations. 

senior secured revolving credit facility (the JPMorgan ABL Facility ). The JPMorgan ABL Credit Agreement replaced the Company s existing asset-based revolving credit agreement, dated as of March 27, 2014 (the Wells Fargo ABL Facility, formerly known as the Amended ABL Facility in prior filings), with General Electric Capital Corporation, since assigned to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. The Company pays a commitment fee - based on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility. Any amounts borrowed under the JPMorgan ABL Facility will bear interest at either (i) Eurodollar spread plus - (determined by reference to an excess availability pricing grid) or (ii) Alternate Base Rate plus - (determined by reference to an excess availability pricing grid and base rate subject to a 1.00 floor). The JPMorgan ABL Facility matures in June 2026. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average interest rate on the credit facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank was . 

to , as described in more detail in the JPMorgan ABL Credit Agreement. 

57

Table of Contents 

million. 

million. 

million of debt issuance costs associated with the transaction that closed on June 2, 2021 was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million, million and million respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts due to Meisheng for inventory received by the Company, but not paid totaled million and million, respectively. 

shares of the Series A Preferred Stock (see Note 15 Common Stock and Preferred Stock). As of December 31, 2022, a division of Benefit Street Partners held million in principal amount of the 2021 BSP Term Loan (see Note 10 - Debt). 

million, an expense of million, and an expense of million, respectively, reflecting effective tax provision rates of ), ), and ), respectively. 

million primarily comprised of the valuation allowance release. Absent these discrete tax benefits, our effective tax rate for 2022 was , primarily due to taxes on federal, state, and foreign income. 

in 2021 and in 2020. 

58

Table of Contents 

million related to the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions and net deferred tax liabilities of approximately primarily related to foreign jurisdictions, respectively. 

State and local 

Foreign 

Total Current 

Deferred 

Total 

Accrued expenses 

Prepaid royalties 

Accrued royalties 

Inventory 

State income taxes 

Property and equipment 

Goodwill and intangibles 

Share-based compensation 

Interest limitation 

Undistributed foreign earnings 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Operating lease liabilities 

Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards 

Credit carryforwards 

Research development capitalization 

Other 

Gross 

Valuation allowance 

Total net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

59

Table of Contents 

State income tax expense, net of federal tax effect 

Effect of differences in U.S. and foreign statutory rates 

Uncertain tax positions 

Provision to return 

Change in tax rate 

Foreign derived intangible income 

Non-deductible expenses 

PPP Loan 

Foreign tax credit 

Unrealized Loss 

Undistributed foreign earnings 

Valuation allowance 

Foreign 

Settlements 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Settlements 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 

Additions for tax positions of prior years 

Settlements 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

60

Table of Contents 

million of interest expense related to UTPs. The Company did not recognize any interest expense relating to UTPs in 2021. 

million has been recorded against the deferred tax assets that more likely than not will not be realized. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the valuation allowance decreased from 67.3 million at December 31, 2021. The release of the valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 was primarily due to a pattern of sustained profitability such that it is more likely than not that the deferred income tax assets will be realized. The net deferred tax assets of 57.8 million consists of the net deferred tax assets in the US and foreign jurisdictions, where the Company is in a cumulative income position. The net deferred tax liabilities of 51,000 in 2021 represent the net deferred tax liabilities in the foreign jurisdiction, where the Company is in a cumulative income position. 

million and million, respectively which related to the year ended December 31, 2021 and prior. The tax effected federal and state net operating loss carryforwards NOL reduction amounts were million. This also resulted in a reduction of federal tax credit carryforwards of approximately million related to the years ended December 31, 2021 and prior. Accordingly, the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards presented above for the year ending December 31, 2021 were reduced by million and million, respectively, with a corresponding reduction to the valuation allowance of million. 

million, which will begin to expire in 2033. At December 31, 2022, the Company has state NOLs of approximately million, which will begin to expire in 2023. 

to years, some of which include options to extend the lease for up to years, and some of which include options to terminate the lease within year. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s weighted average remaining lease term is approximately years and the weighted average discount rate used to calculate the Company s lease liability is approximately . As of December 31, 2021, the Company s weighted average remaining lease term is approximately years and the weighted average discount rate used to calculate the Company s lease liability is approximately . 

61

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million, respectively. Of the 19.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, million related to short-term and variable lease costs, including common area maintenance charges, management fees, taxes and storage fees. Sublease rental income was million in 2022. Of the 10.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, million related to short-term and variable lease costs, including common area maintenance charges, management fees, taxes and storage fees. Sublease rental income was million in 2021. Of the 11.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, million related to short-term and variable lease costs, including common area maintenance charges, management fees, taxes and storage fees. Sublease rental income was million in 2020. 

million, million and million related to operating leases for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

par value common stock reducing the issued and outstanding shares of common stock from to . All common stock and price per share amounts in this report have been restated to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split did not cause an adjustment to the par value or the authorized shares of the common stock. All share and per share amounts in the financial statements and notes thereto have been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented to give effect to this Reverse Stock Split, including reclassifying an amount equal to the reduction in par value of common stock to additional paid-in capital. The primary reason for implementing the Reverse Stock Split was to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement of Nasdaq. On July 31, 2020, the Company was notified by Nasdaq that it had regained compliance with the Nasdaq listing requirements. 

shares of restricted stock at a value of approximately million to executive officers, which vest in four equal annual installments over . 

executive officers, surrendered an aggregate of shares of restricted stock for to cover income taxes due on the vesting of restricted shares. Additionally, an aggregate of shares of restricted stock granted in 2018 with a value of approximately million was forfeited during 2021. 

executive officers, surrendered an aggregate of shares of restricted stock units for million to cover income taxes due on the vesting of restricted shares. Additionally, an aggregate of shares of restricted stock granted in 2019 with a value of approximately million was forfeited during 2022. 

62

Table of Contents 

million of common stock, in one or more offerings in amounts, prices and at terms that the Company will determine at the time of the offering. 

million of securities consisting of, or any combination of, common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, rights and/or units, in one or more offerings in amounts, prices and at terms that the Company will determine at the time of the offering. 

shares of Series A Senior Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), par value per share, to the Investor Parties (the New Preferred Equity ). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding. 

per share, which is automatically increased for any accrued and unpaid dividends (the Accreted Value ). 

per annum, payable in cash or, if not paid in cash, by an automatic accretion of the Series A Preferred Stock. cash dividends have been declared or paid. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded million and million, respectively of preferred stock dividends as an increase in the value of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

of the Accreted Value in the case of a certain specified transaction, or (ii) otherwise, of the Accreted value, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. 

63

Table of Contents 

million, and the redemption provision, as a bifurcated derivative, is recorded as a long-term liability with an estimated value of million. As of December 31, 2021, the Series A Preferred Stock is recorded in temporary equity at the amount of accrued, but unpaid dividends of million, and the redemption provision, as a bifurcated derivative, is recorded as a long term liability with an estimated value of million. 

Preferred stock accrued dividends 

Balance, December 31, 

64

Table of Contents 

Conversion of convertible senior notes 

Change in fair value 

Payment in-kind 

Balance at December 31, 

Change in fair value 

Balance at December 31, 

Range: to 	 

Range: to years years) 	 

Range: to 	 

Range: to 	 

Range: to years years) 	 

Range: to 	 

65

Table of Contents 

to of net sales with minimum guarantees and advance payments. These license agreements are subject to audits by the licensor, which can result in additional payments due to the licensor. 

2024 

2025 

million, million and million, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

. Restricted shares typically vest in the same manner, with the exception of certain awards vesting over to . Share-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Compensation expense for performance-awards is measured based on the amount of shares ultimately expected to vest, estimated at each reporting date based on management expectations regarding the relevant performance criteria. Unlike the restricted stock awards, the shares for the restricted stock units are not issued until vested. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for future grant. Additional shares may become available to the extent that options or shares of restricted stock presently outstanding under the Plan terminate, expire, or are forfeited. 

66

Table of Contents 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Converted to RSU 

Outstanding, December 31 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Converted from RSA 

Outstanding, December 31 

million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

67

Table of Contents 

of their annual compensation subject to annual dollar limitations, and that the Company would make a matching contribution equal to of each employee s deferral, up to of the employee s annual compensation. Company-matching contributions, which vests immediately, totaled million, million and nil for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company eliminated the match on March 31, 2019, and resumed the match on contributions effective January 1, 2021. 

million prepayment towards the outstanding principal amount of the 2021 BSP Term Loan and incurred a million prepayment penalty. 

million prepayment towards the outstanding principal amount of the 2021 BSP Term Loan. 

68

Table of Contents 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were adequate and effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit with the Securities and Exchange Commission is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15 that occurred during the fourth quarter period covered by this Annual Report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

We, as management, are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). Our internal control system was designed by or is under the supervision of management and our board of directors to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of published financial statements. 

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). We believe that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based upon those criteria. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

69

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our Directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 

Age 

Positions with the Company 

Stephen G. Berman 

58 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Class I Director 

John L. Kimble 

53 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

John J. McGrath 

57 

Chief Operating Officer 

Zhao Xiaoqiang 

55 

Class I Director 

Alexander Shoghi 

41 

Class II Director 

Joshua Cascade 

50 

Class II Director 

Carole Levine 

65 

Class II Director 

Matthew Winkler 

41 

Class III Director 

Lori MacPherson 

55 

Class III Director 

Stephen G. Berman has been our Chief Operating Officer (until August 23, 2011) and Secretary and one of our Directors since co-founding JAKKS in January 1995. From February 17, 2009 through March 31, 2010 he was also our Co-Chief Executive Officer and has been our Chief Executive Officer since April 1, 2010. Since January 1, 1999, he has also served as our President, and since October 23, 2015 he has also served as our Chairman. From the Company s inception until December 31, 1998, Mr. Berman was also our Executive Vice President. From October 1991 to August 1995, Mr. Berman was a Vice President and Managing Director of THQ International, Inc., a subsidiary of THQ. From 1988 to 1991, he was President and an owner of Balanced Approach, Inc., a distributor of personal fitness products and services. 

Zhao Xiaoqiang has been a Director since April 27, 2017. Since 2002 Mr. Zhao has been the Chairman of Meisheng Holding Co., a private holding company selling cultural products, and since 2007 he has been the Chairman of Meisheng Culture Creative Corp. Ltd., a public company (listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2012) with 23 subsidiaries in the areas of manufacturing, animation, games, movies, online video, stage performance art, e-commerce and overseas investments. Mr. Zhao is also a director of two of the Company s subsidiaries, JAKKS Meisheng Animation (H.K.) Limited and JAKKS Meisheng Trading (Shanghai) Limited. Mr. Zhao holds an EMBA from Zhejiang University. 

Alexander Shoghi has been a Director since December 18, 2015. Mr. Shoghi is a Portfolio Manager at Oasis Management, a private investment management firm headquartered in Hong Kong. Mr. Shoghi joined Oasis in 2005, first based in Hong Kong, and subsequently relocating to the U.S. as the founder and manager of Oasis Capital in Austin, Texas in early 2012. From 2004 to 2005, Mr. Shoghi worked at Lehman Brothers in New York City. Mr. Shoghi holds a Bachelor of Science of Business Administration in Finance and International Business degree from Georgetown University. 

Joshua Cascade has been a director since August 9, 2019. Mr. Cascade is a private equity investor with over two decades of private equity experience. From 2014 to 2018 he was a Managing Partner at Wellspring Capital Management, an American private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout investments in middle-market companies, where he previously served as a Partner from 2007 to 2014 and a Principal from 2002 to 2006. As a Managing Partner, he was one of five individuals responsible for firm management. From 1998 to 2002, he was an associate at Odyssey Investment Partners. From 1994 to 1998 he was an Analyst (1994-1996) and an Associate (1996-1998) at The Blackstone Group. Mr. Cascade also teaches a course on leveraged buyouts at Yale School of Management and University of Michigan, Ross School of Business and is a frequent MBA lecturer at numerous institutions. Mr. Cascade graduated with highest distinction from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration. 

Carole Levine has been a director since September 27, 2019. Ms. Levine is currently a Consumer Products Marketing Sales Consultant, where she works with clients in a range of industries, including toy manufacturing, entertainment, and food and beverage. From 1994 to 2017, she held a number of positions at Mattel, Inc., an American multinational toy manufacturing company, including Vice President, Sales, Mattel Fisher-Price Emerging Channels (from 2005 to 2012), Vice President, Global Marketing (from 2012 to 2015), Vice President, Interim General Manager, RoseArt (from 2015 to 2017) and Vice President, Retail Business Development - Mattel Consumer Products (from 2015 to 2017). She has also been the Co-Chairman of the Children Affected by AIDS Foundation, Los Angeles for over 10 years and a member of the Licensing Industry Marketing Association. She holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Sociology from the University of Colorado, Boulder and participated in the Accelerated Executive Marketing Program at Northwestern University s Kellogg School of Business. 

70

Table of Contents 

Matthew Winkler has been a director since August 9, 2019. Mr. Winkler is currently a Managing Director at Benefit Street Partners BSP ), a leading credit-focused alternative asset management firm. Mr. Winkler joined Benefit Street Partners in July 2014. Prior thereto, from November 2009 to March 2014, he worked in the Special Assets Group at Goldman Sachs. From July 2003 to November 2009, Mr. Winkler held analyst positions at different firms, focusing on areas such as special situations, distressed debt, and mergers and acquisitions. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in Public and Private Sector Organization from Brown University. 

Lori MacPherson has been a director since September 27, 2021. Ms. MacPherson was an entertainment and consumer products executive with over two decades of experience at the Walt Disney Company, a multinational media and entertainment conglomerate. From 2010-2014 she served as Executive Vice President, Global Product Management for The Walt Disney Studios. Prior thereto she was Executive Vice President and General Manager of the global Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment division (2009-2010), Senior Vice President and General Manager of Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment North America (2006-2009) and held a variety of senior Marketing and Product Management positions (1991-2006). Ms. MacPherson currently sits of the Board of Trustees at Polytechnic School in Pasadena, California. She holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in French Literature from Pomona College. 

Classification of Directors 

In November 2019, our stockholders approved the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which divided the Board of Directors into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible with one class standing for election each year for a three-year term. At our 2020 Annual Meeting we elected directors pursuant to a class system, directors in Class I were elected to a one-year term and directors in Class II were elected to a two-year term. The directors in Class III were initially designated and identified in the Certificate of Designations with their initial terms expiring at the annual meeting of our stockholders to be held in 2023, and thereafter the directors in Class III were to be elected to a three-year term solely by the holders of our Series A Senior Preferred Stock and the common stockholders had no right to vote with respect to the election of such Class III directors. However, pursuant to the terms of an agreement entered into as of August 3, 2022 between us and the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock, special rights granted to the preferred holders with respect to the election and/or nomination of certain directors have been terminated and the election of all of our directors are now voted on solely by our common stockholders. At each Annual Meeting of Stockholders following the 2020 Annual Meeting the successors of the class of directors whose term expires shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in the third year following the year of their election, with each director in each such class to hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. 

Messrs. Berman and Zhao are Class I Directors; Messrs. Shoghi and Cascade, and Ms. Levine are Class II Directors; and Mr. Winkler and Ms. MacPherson are Class III Directors. 

Qualifications for All Directors 

In considering potential candidates for election to the Board, the Nominating Committee observes the following guidelines, among other considerations: (i) the Board must include a majority of independent directors; (ii) each candidate shall be selected without regard to age, sex, race, religion or national origin; (iii) each candidate should have the highest level of personal and professional ethics and integrity and have the ability to work well with others; (iv) each candidate should only be involved in activities or interests that do not conflict or interfere with the proper performance of the responsibilities of a director; (v) each candidate should possess substantial and significant experience that would be of particular importance to the Company in the performance of the duties of a director; and (vi) each candidate should have sufficient time available, and a willingness to devote the necessary time, to the affairs of the Company in order to carry out the responsibilities of a director, including, without limitation, consistent attendance at board and committee meetings and advance review of board and committee materials. The Chief Executive Officer will then interview such candidate. The Nominating Committee then determines whether to recommend to the Board that a candidate be nominated for approval by the Company s stockholders. The manner in which the Nominating Committee evaluates a potential candidate does not differ based on whether the candidate is recommended by a stockholder of the Company. With respect to nominating existing directors, the Nominating Committee reviews relevant information available to it, including the most recent individual director evaluations for such candidates, the number of meetings attended, his or her level of participation, biographical information, professional qualifications and overall contributions to the Company. 

71

Table of Contents 

The Board does not have a specific diversity policy, but considers diversity of race, ethnicity, gender, age, cultural background and professional experiences in evaluating candidates for board membership. However, California law requires that by the end of 2021 California-headquartered public companies with a board of directors the size of the Company have at least three female directors on its board and at least one director on its board who is from an underrepresented community, defined as an individual who self identifies as Black, African American, Hispanic, Latino, Asian, Pacific Islander, Native American, Native Hawaiian, or Alaska Native, or who self identifies as gay, lesbian, bisexual, or transgender. In the event the size of the Company s board remains the same, the law mandates that by the end of calendar 2022 the number of directors from underrepresented communities on the Company s board be increased to have at least two directors from underrepresented communities. Nasdaq has also adopted board diversity requirements, but the Company believes that by complying with the California diversity requirements it will be in compliance with the Nasdaq requirements. The California diversity requirements have been found unconstitutional and are not currently applicable. The Company s board is currently in compliance with all applicable diversity requirements. 

The Board has identified the following qualifications, attributes, experience and skills that are important to be represented on the Board as a whole: (i) management, leadership and strategic vision; (ii) financial expertise; (iii) marketing and consumer experience; and (iv) capital management. 

The Board has determined that five of seven directors who serve on the Board as of the date hereof (Messrs. Cascade, Shoghi and Winkler and Ms. Levine and Ms. MacPherson) are independent, as defined under the applicable rules of Nasdaq. In making this determination, the Board or the Nominating Committee, as applicable, considered the standards of independence under the applicable rules of Nasdaq and all relevant facts and circumstances (including, without limitation, commercial, industrial, banking, consulting, legal, accounting, charitable and familial relationships) to ascertain whether any such person had a relationship that, in its opinion, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

Our directors serve in accordance with the Second Amended and Restated By-laws until their respective successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier death, disability, retirement, resignation or removal. Our officers are elected annually by the Board and serve at its discretion. None of our current independent directors, other than Mr. Shoghi, has served as such for more than the past five years. Our current independent directors were selected for their financial management expertise (Messrs. Cascade, Shoghi and Winkler) and general business and industry specific experience (Ms. Levine and Ms. MacPherson). We believe that the Board is best served by benefiting from this blend of business and financial expertise and experience. Our remaining directors consist of our Chief Executive Officer (Mr. Berman), who brings management s perspective to the Board s deliberations, and Mr. Zhao, who contributes his business experience, including experience in manufacturing and his experience with Chinese markets, to the Board. 

In October 2019 and February 2020, Mr. Zhao Xiaoqiang was issued a warning by the Zhejiang Securities Regulatory Bureau of the China Securities Regulatory Commission and a public condemnation by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, respectively, primarily due to his failure to fulfill his duties (as a director, controlling shareholder and de facto controller of Meisheng Cultural Creative Co. Ltd. Meisheng Cultural diligently to cause Meisheng Cultural to comply with applicable PRC regulations and stock exchange rules relating to disclosure and internal control, as well as the use of funds of Meisheng Cultural by Meisheng Holdings Group Co., Ltd. Meisheng Holdings ), an affiliate of Mr. Zhao and the controlling shareholder of Meisheng Cultural, without proper authorization. In addition, Mr. Zhao and Meisheng Cultural were also requested to strengthen the study of relevant laws and regulations, establish and improve the strict implementation of financial and accounting management systems of Meisheng Cultural, improve Meisheng Cultural s internal controls, proper governance and quality of information disclosure. Other than the misuse of funds by his affiliate Meisheng Holdings, Mr. Zhao was punished as a result of activities of Meisheng Cultural as he bears certain statutory responsibilities under the applicable PRC regulations and stock exchange rules as its de facto controller and Chairman of the board of directors. Mr. Zhao has advised the Company that the aforementioned matters have nothing to do with his activities as a director of the Company, have all been ratified by Meisheng Cultural, and the related misused funds have been fully repaid by Meisheng Holdings. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

We have an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating Committee. In August 2019 the Capital Allocation Committee, which was established as a standing committee in February 2016, was dissolved. 

72

Table of Contents 

Audit Committee. In addition to risk management functions, the primary functions of the Audit Committee are to select or to recommend to the Board the selection of outside auditors; to monitor our relationships with our outside auditors and their interaction with our management in order to ensure their independence and objectivity; to review and assess the scope and quality of our outside auditor s services, including the audit of our annual financial statements; to review our financial management and accounting procedures; to review our financial statements with our management and outside auditors; and to review the adequacy of our system of internal accounting controls. Effective as of their respective dates of appointment to the Board, Messrs. Shoghi (Chair) and Winkler and Ms. Levine are the members of the Audit Committee. Each member of the Audit Committee is independent (as defined in NASD Rule 4200(a)(14)) and able to read and understand fundamental financial statements. Mr. Shoghi, our audit committee financial expert, possesses the financial expertise required under Rule 401(h) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and NASD Rule 4350(d)(2) as a result of his experience as a portfolio manager at Oasis Management. He is further independent as defined under Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act. We will, in the future, continue to have (i) an Audit Committee of at least three members comprised solely of independent directors, each of whom will be able to read and understand fundamental financial statements (or will become able to do so within a reasonable period of time after his or her appointment); and (ii) at least one member of the Audit Committee who will possess the financial expertise required under NASD Rule 4350(d)(2). The Board has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee, which reviews and reassesses the adequacy of that charter on an annual basis. The full text of the charter is available on our website at www.jakks.com. 

Compensation Committee . In addition to risk oversight functions, the Compensation Committee makes recommendations to the Board regarding compensation of management employees and administers plans and programs relating to employee benefits, incentives, compensation and awards under the 2002 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (the 2002 Plan ). Messrs. Shoghi (Chair) and Winkler are the members of the Compensation Committee. The Board has determined that each of them is independent, as defined under the applicable rules of Nasdaq. A copy of the Compensation Committee s Charter is available on our website at www.jakks.com. Executive officers that are members of the Board make recommendations to the Compensation Committee with respect to the compensation of other executive officers who are not on the Board. Except as otherwise prohibited, the Compensation Committee may delegate its responsibilities to subcommittees or individuals. The Compensation Committee has the authority, in its sole discretion, to retain or obtain advice from a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other advisor and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of such persons. The Company provides the appropriate funding to such persons as determined by the Compensation Committee, which also conducts an independence assessment of its outside advisors using the six factors contained in Exchange Act Rule 10C-1. The Compensation Committee historically receives legal advice from our outside general counsel and has retained Willis Towers Watson WTW ), a compensation consulting firm, to directly advise the Compensation Committee from time to time. 

The Compensation Committee also annually reviews the overall compensation of our executive officers to determine whether discretionary bonuses should be granted. In 2015, Lipis Consulting, Inc. LCI ), a compensation consulting firm, presented a report to the Compensation Committee comparing our performance, size and executive compensation levels to those of peer group companies. LCI also reviewed with the Compensation Committee the base salaries, annual bonuses, total cash compensation, long-term compensation and total compensation of our senior executive officers relative to those companies. The performance comparison presented to the Compensation Committee each year includes a comparison of our total shareholder return, earnings per share growth, sales, net income (and one-year growth of both measures) to the peer group companies. The Compensation Committee reviews this information along with details about the components of each executive officer s compensation. 

A compensation consultant was not consulted during 2022. 

Nominating Committee . In addition to risk oversight functions, the Nominating Committee develops our corporate governance system and reviews proposed new members of the Board, including those recommended by our stockholders. Messrs. Winkler (Chair), Cascade and MacPherson are the members of the Nominating Committee, which operates pursuant to a written charter adopted by the Board, the full text of which is available on our website at www.jakks.com. The Board has determined that each member of the Nominating Committee is independent, as defined under the applicable rules of Nasdaq. 

73

Table of Contents 

The Nominating Committee will annually review the composition of the Board and the ability of its current members to continue effectively as directors for the upcoming fiscal year. The Nominating Committee established the position of Chairman of the Board in 2015. In the ordinary course, absent special circumstances or a change in the criteria for Board membership, the Nominating Committee will re-nominate incumbent directors who continue to be qualified for Board service and are willing to continue as directors. If the Nominating Committee thinks it is in the Company s best interests to nominate a new individual for director in connection with an annual meeting of stockholders, or if a vacancy on the Board occurs between annual stockholder meetings or an incumbent director chooses not to run, the Nominating Committee will seek out potential candidates for Board appointment who meet the criteria for selection as a nominee and have the specific qualities or skills being sought. Director candidates will be selected based on input from members of the Board, our senior management and, if the Nominating Committee deems appropriate, a third-party search firm. The Nominating Committee will evaluate each candidate s qualifications and check relevant references, and each candidate will be interviewed by at least one member of the Nominating Committee. Candidates meriting serious consideration will meet with all members of the Board. Based on this input, the Nominating Committee will evaluate whether a prospective candidate is qualified to serve as a director and whether the Nominating Committee should recommend to the Board that this candidate be appointed to fill a current vacancy on the Board, or be presented for the approval of the stockholders, as appropriate. 

Stockholder recommendations for director nominees are welcome and should be sent to our Chief Financial Officer, who will forward such recommendations to the Nominating Committee, and should include the following information: (a) all information relating to each nominee that is required to be disclosed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act (including such person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); (b) the names and addresses of the stockholders making the nomination and the number of shares of Common Stock which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholders; and (c) appropriate biographical information and a statement as to the qualification of each nominee, all of which must be submitted in the time frame described under the appropriate caption in our proxy statement. The Nominating Committee will evaluate candidates recommended by stockholders in the same manner as candidates recommended by other sources, using additional criteria, if any, approved by the Board from time to time. Our stockholder communication policy may be amended at any time with the Nominating Committee s consent. 

Pursuant to the Director Resignation Policy adopted by the Board following our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, if a nominee for director in an uncontested election receives less than a majority of the votes cast, the director must submit his resignation to the Board. The Nominating Committee then considers such resignation and makes a recommendation to the Board concerning the acceptance or rejection of such resignation. This procedure was implemented following our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Special Committees. In addition to the above described standing committees, the Board establishes special committees as it deems warranted. 

Executive Officers 

Our executive officers are elected by our Board of Directors and serve pursuant to the terms of their respective employment agreements. One of our executive officers, Stephen G. Berman, is also a Director of the Company. See above for biographical information about this officer. The other current executive officers are John L. Kimble, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and John (Jack) McGrath, our Chief Operating Officer. 

John J. (Jack) McGrath has served as our Chief Operating Officer since 2011 and is responsible for the Company s global operations. He brings more than 24 years of experience, having served as our Executive Vice President of Operations from December 2007 until August 2011 when he became our Chief Operating Officer. Mr. McGrath was our Vice President of Marketing from 1999 to August 2003 and Senior Vice President of Operations until 2007. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. McGrath was a Brand Marketer for Hot Wheels at Mattel Inc. and part of its Asia Pacific marketing team. Mr. McGrath served honorably in the U.S. Army and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Marketing. 

John L. Kimble became our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on November 20, 2019. Mr. Kimble worked for over 12 years at various positions at The Walt Disney Company, ultimately as VP/Finance, Strategy, Operations and Business Development. More recently, Mr. Kimble spent six years at Mattel, Inc. where he served in various positions and concluded his career there as VP/Head of Corporate Development - Licensing Acquisitions - M A. In between his service at Disney and Mattel, he spent a couple of years as an entrepreneur at a start-up gaming company. He began his career as a consultant for Mars Co., a global strategy consulting firm. Mr. Kimble received his Bachelor s Degree in Management Science, Concentration in Finance, Minor in Economics from the Sloan School, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (M.I.T.) and has a Master of Business Administration (MBA) from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 

74

Table of Contents 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Based solely upon a review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 and amendments thereto furnished to us during and for 2022, all Forms 3, 4 and 5 required to be filed during 2022 by our Directors and executive officers were timely filed, except for one Form 4 filed late by our CFO and two Forms 4 filed by our CEO. 

Stockholder Communications 

Stockholders interested in communicating with the Board may do so by writing to any or all directors, care of our Chief Financial Officer, at our principal executive offices. Our Chief Financial Officer will log in all stockholder correspondence and forward to the director addressee(s) all communications that, in his judgment, are appropriate for consideration by the directors. Any director may review the correspondence log and request copies of any correspondence. Examples of communications that would be considered inappropriate for consideration by the directors include, but are not limited to, commercial solicitations, trivial, obscene, or profane items, administrative matters, ordinary business matters, or personal grievances. Correspondence that is not appropriate for Board review will be handled by our Chief Financial Officer. All appropriate matters pertaining to accounting or internal controls will be brought promptly to the attention of our Audit Committee Chair. 

Stockholder recommendations for director nominees are welcome and should be sent to our Chief Financial Officer, who will forward such recommendations to the Nominating Committee, and should include the following information: (a) all information relating to each nominee that is required to be disclosed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act (including such person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); (b) the names and addresses of the stockholders making the nomination and the number of shares of Common Stock which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholders; and (c) appropriate biographical information and a statement as to the qualification of each nominee, and must be submitted in the time frame described under the caption, Stockholder Proposals for 2023 Annual Meeting, in our Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting. The Nominating Committee will evaluate candidates recommended by stockholders in the same manner as candidates recommended by other sources, using additional criteria, if any, approved by the Board from time to time. Our stockholder communication policy may be amended at any time with the consent of the Nominating Committee. 

Code of Ethics 

We have a Code of Ethics (which we call a Code of Conduct) that applies to all our employees, officers and directors. This Code was filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003. We have posted on our website, www.jakks.com, the full text of such Code. We will disclose when there have been waivers of, or amendments to, such Code, as required by the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and/or Nasdaq. 

Pursuant to our Code of Conduct, all of our employees are required to disclose to our General Counsel, the Board or any committee established by the Board to receive such information, any material transaction or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to actual or apparent conflicts of interest between any of them, personally, and the Company. Our Code of Conduct also directs all employees to avoid any self-interested transactions without full disclosure. This policy, which applies to all of our employees, is reiterated in our Employee Handbook which states that a violation of this policy could be grounds for termination. In approving or rejecting a proposed transaction, our General Counsel, the Board or a designated committee of the Board will consider the facts and circumstances available and deemed relevant, including, but not limited to, the risks, costs and benefits to us, the terms of the transactions, the availability of other sources for comparable services or products, and, if applicable, the impact on director independence. Upon concluding their review, they will only approve those agreements that, in light of known circumstances, are in or are not inconsistent with, our best interests, as they determine in good faith. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

No member of the Compensation Committee during the last fiscal year was or previously had been an executive officer or employee of ours, or was party to any related person transaction within the meaning of Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. None of our executive officers has served as a director or member of a compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions) of any other entity, one of whose executive officers served as a director or a member of the Compensation Committee. 

75

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

We believe that a strong management team comprised of highly talented individuals in key positions is critical to our ability to deliver sustained growth and profitability, and our executive compensation program is an important tool for attracting and retaining such individuals. We also believe that our people are our most important resource. While some companies may enjoy an exclusive or limited franchise or are able to exploit unique assets or proprietary technology, we depend fundamentally on the skills, energy and dedication of our employees to drive our business. It is only through their constant efforts that we are able to innovate through the creation of new products and the continual rejuvenation of our product lines, to maintain operating efficiencies, and to develop and exploit marketing channels. With this in mind, we have consistently sought to employ the most talented, accomplished and energetic people available in the industry. Therefore, we believe it is vital that our named executive officers receive an aggregate compensation package that is both highly competitive with the compensation received by similarly-situated executive officers, and also reflective of each individual named executive officer s contributions to our success on both a long-term and short-term basis. 

Our executive compensation program is administered by the Compensation Committee. Historically, the base salary, bonus structure and long-term equity compensation of our executive officers are governed by the terms of their individual employment agreements (see Employment Agreements and Termination of Employment Arrangements and we expect that to continue in the future. 

Factors given considerable weight in establishing bonus performance criteria are Net Sales, Adjusted EPS, which is the net earnings per share of our common stock calculated on a fully-diluted basis in accordance with GAAP, and Adjusted EBITDA applied on a basis consistent with past periods, as adjusted in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee to take account of extraordinary or special items. 

The current employment agreements with our named executive officers also give the Compensation Committee the authority to award additional compensation to each of them as it determines in the Committee s sole discretion based upon criteria it establishes. 

The Compensation Committee also annually reviews the overall compensation of our named executive officers for the purpose of determining whether discretionary bonuses should be granted. The Compensation Committee annually reviews the base salaries, annual bonuses, total cash compensation, long-term compensation and total compensation of our senior executive officers. 

The compensation packages for the Company s senior executives have both performance-based and non-performance based elements. Based on its review of each named executive officer s total compensation opportunities and performance, and the Company s performance, the Compensation Committee determines each year s compensation in the manner that it considers to be most likely to achieve the objectives of our executive compensation program. The specific elements, which include base salary, annual cash incentive compensation and long-term equity compensation, are described below. 

The Compensation Committee has negative discretion to adjust performance results used to determine annual incentive and the vesting schedule of long-term incentive payouts to the named executive officers and has discretion to grant bonuses even if the performance targets were not met. 

Our executive officers receive base salary pursuant to the terms of their employment agreement. Mr. Berman has been an executive officer at least since his entry into his employment agreement in 2010, Mr. McGrath became an executive officer on August 23, 2011 pursuant to the terms of an amendment to his employment agreement, and Mr. Kimble became an executive officer when he entered into a letter employment agreement on November 20, 2019. 

Pursuant to the terms of Mr. Berman s employment agreement in effect as of January 1, 2023, Mr. Berman receives a base salary which is increased automatically each year by at least 25,000. The employment agreement for Mr. Kimble provides for an automatic 4 annual increases in base salary. Any increase or further increase in base salary, as the case may be above the contractually required minimum increase, is determined by the Compensation Committee. 

The function of the annual cash bonus is to establish a direct correlation between the annual incentives awarded to the participants and our financial performance. This purpose is in keeping with our compensation program s objective of aligning a significant portion of each executive s total compensation with our annual performance and the interests of our shareholders. The employment agreements for Messrs. Berman, McGrath and Kimble contemplated that the Compensation Committee may grant discretionary bonuses in situations where, in its sole judgment, it believes they are warranted. 

76

Table of Contents 

Long-term compensation is an area of particular emphasis in our executive compensation program because we believe that these incentives foster the long-term perspective necessary for our continued success. This emphasis is in keeping with our compensation program objective of aligning a significant portion of each executive s total compensation with our long-term performance and the interests of our shareholders. 

We currently favor the issuance of restricted stock units over granting stock options. The Compensation Committee believes that the award of full-value shares that vest over time is consistent with our overall compensation philosophy and objectives, as the value of the restricted stock units vary based upon the performance of our common stock, thereby aligning the interests of our executives with our shareholders. The Committee has also determined that awards of restricted stock units are anti-dilutive as compared to stock options inasmuch as it feels that less restricted units have to be granted to match the compensation value of stock options. 

Mr. Berman s 2010 amended and restated employment provided for annual grants of 500,000 of restricted stock which vest in equal annual installments through January 1, 2017, which was one year following the life of the agreement, subject to meeting the 3 vesting condition, as defined in the agreement. As described in greater detail below, pursuant to the 2012 amendment, commencing in 2013, this bonus changed to 3,500,000 of restricted stock, part of which vests over four years and part of which are subject to performance milestones with cliff vesting spread out over three years. Mr. McGrath s amended employment agreement provides for annual grants of 75,000 of restricted stock which vests in equal installments over three years subject to meeting certain EPS milestones. As explained in greater detail below (see Employment Agreements and Termination of Employment Arrangement ), it was changed to 1,000,000 of restricted stock effective January 1, 2017 subject in part to time vesting over four years and in part to performance milestones with cliff vesting spread over three years. Mr. Kimble s employment agreement provided for a grant of 250,000 of restricted stock units RSU for the initial year and annual grants of 500,000 of RSUs thereafter subject in part to time vesting over three years and in part to performance milestones with cliff vesting spread over three years. The milestone targets for each of these employment agreements are established by the Compensation Committee during the first quarter of each year. The employment agreements for Messrs. Berman, McGrath and Kimble also provide for an annual performance bonus based upon net revenue and EBITDA criteria. This bonus, if earned, is payable partially in cash and partially in shares of restricted common stock. Messrs. Berman and McGrath earned 75 of the bonus based upon EBITDA criteria for 2020; and, along with Mr. Kimble, earned 100 of the bonus based on Total Shareholders Return, EBITDA, and 50 of the bonus based on Net Revenue in 2022, and 75 of the bonus based upon EBITDA criteria for 2021. 

On September 27, 2021, we amended the employment agreements of all of our executive officers, to change the issuance, past and future, of all restricted stock awards to restricted stock units. All other material terms of the respective employment agreements remain the same, including without limitation, the terms of all such grants including the timing of all vesting periods and the vesting benchmarks. 

Mr. Berman s, McGrath's and Kimble s employment agreement also provide for an additional bonus solely in the discretion of the Compensation Committee. After a review of all of the factors discussed above, the Compensation Committee determined that, in keeping with our compensation objectives. Mr. Kimble received a nil, 284,685 and 100,000 discretionary bonus for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Our executive officers participate in the health and dental coverage, life insurance, paid vacation and holidays, 401(k) retirement savings plans and other programs that are generally available to all of the Company s employees. 

The provision of any additional perquisites to each of the named executive officers is subject to review by the Compensation Committee. Historically, these perquisites include payment of an automobile allowance and matching contributions to a 401(k) defined contribution plan. In 2020 to 2022, the named executive officers were granted the following perquisites: automobile allowance and 401(k) plan matching contribution for Messrs. Berman, McGrath and Kimble; and a life insurance benefit for Mr. Berman. We value perquisites at their incremental cost in accordance with SEC regulations. 

We believe that the benefits and perquisites we provide to our named executive officers are within competitive practice and customary for executives in key positions at comparable companies. Such benefits and perquisites serve our objective of offering competitive compensation that allows us to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly talented people to these critical positions, ultimately providing a substantial benefit to our shareholders. 

77

Table of Contents 

We recognize that, as with any public company, it is possible that a change of control may take place in the future and that the threat or occurrence of a change of control can result in significant distractions of key management personnel because of the uncertainties inherent in such a situation. We further believe that it is essential and in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders to retain the services of our key management personnel in the event of the threat or occurrence of a change of control and to ensure their continued dedication and efforts in such event without undue concern for their personal financial and employment security. In keeping with this belief and its objective of retaining and motivating highly talented individuals to fill key positions, which is consistent with our general compensation philosophy, the employment agreement for named chief executive officers contain provisions which guarantee specific payments and benefits upon a termination of employment without good reason following a change of control of the Company. In addition, the employment agreements also contain provisions providing for certain lump-sum payments if the executive is terminated without cause or if we materially breach the agreement leading the affected executive to terminate the agreement for good reason, as applicable. 

Additional details of the terms of the change of control agreements and termination provisions outlined above are provided below. 

At our 2022 annual meeting, our shareholders approved our current executive compensation with over a majority of all shares actually voting on the issue affirmatively giving their approval. Accordingly, we believe that this vote ratifies our executive compensation philosophy and policies, as currently adopted and implemented, and we intend to continue such philosophy and policies. 

Summary Compensation Table 2021-2022 

Change in 

Pension 

Value and 

Non-Equity 

Nonqualified 

Stock 

Option 

Incentive Plan 

Deferred 

All Other 

Name and 

Salary 

Bonus 

Awards 

Awards 

Compensation 

Compensation 

Compensation 

Total 

Principal Position 

Year 

) 

) 

) (1) 

) 

) 

Earnings ) 

) (2) 

) 

Stephen G. Berman 

2022 

1,741,267 

5,548,203 

5,726,466 

71,478 

13,087,414 

Chief Executive Officer, 

2021 

1,724,735 

4,221,130 

425,402 

62,408 

6,433,675 

President and Secretary 

John J. McGrath 

2022 

520,000 

733,022 

519,999 

43,446 

1,816,467 

Chief Operating Officer 

2021 

750,000 

780,498 

141,801 

42,696 

1,714,995 

John L. Kimble 

2022 

540,800 

753,822 

1,352,005 

42,046 

2,688,673 

Executive Vice President 

2021 

516,667 

785,298 

40,296 

1,342,261 

and Chief Financial Officer 

(1) 

For Mr. Berman, the grant-date fair value of the awards assuming 100 achievement of the applicable performance conditions totaled the lesser of (a) 3.5 million in value (based on the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the last business day of the prior year), or (b) 2.25 of outstanding shares of Common Stock in 2022 and 2021, respectively. For Mr. McGrath, the grant-date fair value of the awards assuming 100 achievement of the applicable performance conditions totaled the lesser of (a) 0.5 million in value (based on the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the last business day of the prior year), or (b) 1.05 of outstanding shares of Common Stock in 2022 and 2021, respectively. For Mr. Kimble the grant-date fair value of the awards assuming 100 achievement of the applicable performance conditions totaled 540,800 and 520,000 in 2022 and 2021. The awards to Mr. Berman and Mr. McGrath are capped at the amount of available shares in the Plan. 

(2) 

Represents automobile allowances paid in the amount of 22,528 and 22,643 for Mr. Berman for 2022 and 2021, respectively, 14,400 for Mr. McGrath for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and 13,000 and 12,000 for Mr. Kimble for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amounts include matching contributions made by us to the Named Executive Officer s 401(k) defined contribution plan in the amount of 15,250 and 14,500, respectively, for 2022 and 2021, for Mr. Berman. The amounts include matching contributions made by us to the Named Executive Officer s 401(k) defined contribution plan in the amount of 15,250 and 14,500, respectively, for 2022 and 2021, for Mr. McGrath. The amounts include matching contributions made by us to the Named Executive Officer s 401(k) defined contribution plan in the amount of 15,250 and 14,500, respectively, for 2022 and 2021, for Mr. Kimble. The amounts include 33,700 and 25,265 related to a life insurance policy for Mr. Berman in 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Employee Pension Plan. 

78

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding all equity-based compensation awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022 by the Named Officers: 

Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal Year-end 

Option Awards 

Stock Awards / Units 

Name 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 

Option Exercise Price ) 

Option Expiration Date 

Number of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested (#) 

Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested ) (1) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested (#) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 

Stephen G. Berman 

512,250 

8,959,253 

John J. McGrath 

88,142 

1,541,604 

John L. Kimble 

168,699 

2,950,546 

(1) 

The product of (x) 17.49 (the closing sale price of the common stock on December 31, 2022) multiplied by (y) the number of unvested restricted shares or units outstanding. 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding amount realized upon the vesting and exercise of any equity-based compensation awards during 2022 by the Named Executive Officers: 

Options Exercises And Stock Vested-2022 

Option Awards 

Stock Awards / Units 

Number of 

Value 

Number of 

Shares 

Realized on 

Shares 

Value 

Acquired on 

Exercise 

Acquired on 

Realized on 

Name 

Exercise (#) 

) 

Vesting (#) 

Vesting ) 

Stephen G. Berman 

51,459 

522,823 

John J. McGrath 

15,529 

157,775 

John L. Kimble 

25,319 

469,414 

79

Table of Contents 

Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 

The following tables describe potential payments and other benefits that would have been received by each Named Officer at, following or in connection with any termination, including, without limitation, resignation, severance, retirement or a constructive termination of such Named Officer, or a change in control of our Company or a change in such Named Officer s responsibilities on December 31, 2022. The potential payments listed below assume that there is no earned but unpaid base salary at December 31, 2022. 

Stephen G. Berman 

Involuntary 

Termination 

Termination 

Quits For 

Upon 

Upon 

Termination 

For 

In Connection 

Upon 

Good Reason 

Death 

Disability 

Without 

Cause 

with Change 

Retirement 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

Cause 

(6) 

of Control (7) 

Base Salary 

7,100,000 

7,100,000 

13,421,243 
			 (8) 

Restricted Stock Units (1) 

8,959,253 

8,959,253 

8,959,253 

Annual Cash Incentive Award (2) 

(1) The product of (x) 17.49 (the closing sale price of the common stock on December 31, 2022) multiplied by (y) the number of unvested restricted shares outstanding. 

(2) Assumes that if the Named Officer is terminated on December 31, 2022, they were employed through the end of the incentive period and no bonus was earned and unpaid. 

(3) Defined as (i) our violation or failure to perform or satisfy any material covenant, condition or obligation required to be performed or satisfied by us, or (ii) the material change in the nature, titles or scope of the duties, obligations, rights or powers of the Named Officer s employment resulting from any action or failure to act by us. 

(4) Under the terms of Mr. Berman s employment agreement (see Employment Agreements ), the provision of health care coverage for Mr. Berman s children will continue until they reach the maximum age at which a child can be covered as a matter of law under a parent s policy in the event of his death during the term of his employment agreement. 

(5) Defined as the Named Officer s inability to perform his duties by reason of any disability or incapacity (due to any physical or mental injury, illness or defect) for an aggregate of 180 days in any consecutive 12-month period. 

(6) Defined as (i) the Named Officer s conviction of, or entering a plea of guilty or nolo contendere (which plea is not withdrawn prior to its approval by the court) to, a felony offense and either the Named Officer s failure to perfect an appeal of such conviction prior to the expiration of the maximum period of time within which, under applicable law or rules of court, such appeal may be perfected or, if he does perfect such an appeal, the sustaining of his conviction of a felony offense on appeal; or (ii) the determination by our Board of Directors, after due inquiry, based upon convincing evidence, that the Named Officer has: 

(A) committed fraud against, or embezzled or misappropriated funds or other assets of, our Company (or any subsidiary); 

(B) violated, or caused our Company (or any subsidiary) or any of our officers, employees or other agents, or any other individual or entity to violate, any material law, rule, regulation or ordinance, or any material written policy, rule or directive of our Company or our Board of Directors; 

(C) willfully, or because of gross or persistent inaction, failed properly to perform his duties or acted in a manner detrimental to, or adverse to our interests; or 

(D) violated, or failed to perform or satisfy any material covenant, condition or obligation required to be performed or satisfied by him under his employment agreement with us; and that, in the case of any violation or failure referred to in clause (B), (C) or (D), above, such violation or failure has caused, or is reasonably likely to cause, us to suffer or incur a substantial casualty, loss, penalty, expense or other liability or cost. 

(7) Section 280G of the Code disallows a company s tax deduction for what are defined as excess parachute payments and Section 4999 of the Code imposes a 20 excise tax on any person who receives excess parachute payments. As discussed above, Mr. Berman is entitled to certain payments upon termination of his employment, including termination following a change in control of our Company. Under the terms of his employment agreement (see Employment Agreements ), Mr. Berman is entitled to the full amount of the payments and benefits payable in the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the employment agreement) even if it triggers an excise tax imposed by the tax code if the net after-tax amount would still be greater than reducing the total payments and benefits to avoid such excise tax. 

(8) Under the terms of Mr. Berman s employment agreement (see Employment Agreements ), if a change of control occurs and within two years thereafter Mr. Berman is terminated without Cause or quits for Good Reason, then he has the right to receive a payment equal to 2.99 times his then current base amount as defined in section 280(G) of the Code (which was 4,488,710 in 2022) and continued health care coverage. 

80

Table of Contents 

John J. McGrath 

Involuntary 

Termination 

Quits For 

Upon 

Termination 

Termination For 

In Connection 

Upon 

Good Reason 

Upon 

Disability 

Without 

Cause 

with Change 

Retirement 

(3) 

Death 

(4) 

Cause 

(5) 

of Control (6) 

Base Salary 

520,000 

520,000 

1,040,000 

Restricted Stock Units (1) 

1,541,604 

1,541,604 

1,541,604 

Annual Cash Incentive Award (2) 

(1) The product of (x) 17.49 (the closing sale price of the common stock on December 31, 2022) multiplied by (y) the number of unvested restricted shares outstanding. 

(2) Assumes that if the Named Officer is terminated on December 31, 2022, they were employed through the end of the incentive period and no bonus was earned and unpaid. 

(3) Defined as following a Change of Control (i) any material reduction of the Named Officer s base salary, (ii) relocation of the Named Officer s principal place of employment by more than thirty miles, or (iii) the material change in the nature, titles or scope of the duties, obligations, rights or powers of the Named Officer s employment resulting from any action or failure to act by us. 

(4) Defined as a Named Officer s inability to perform his duties by reason of any disability or incapacity (due to any physical or mental injury, illness or defect) for an aggregate of 90 days in any consecutive 12-month period. 

(5) Defined as (i) the Named Officer s conviction of, or entering a plea of guilty or nolo contendere (which plea is not withdrawn prior to its approval by the court) to, a felony offense or other crime and either the Named Officer s failure to perfect an appeal of such conviction prior to the expiration of the maximum period of time within which, under applicable law or rules of court, such appeal may be perfected or, if he does perfect such an appeal, the sustaining of his conviction of a felony offense on appeal; or (ii) the determination by our Board of Directors, after due inquiry, based on convincing evidence, that the Named Officer has: 

(A) committed fraud against, or embezzled or misappropriated funds or other assets of, our Company (or any subsidiary); 

(B) violated, or caused our Company (or any subsidiary) or any of our officers, employees or other agents, or any other individual or entity to violate, any material law, rule, regulation or ordinance, or any material written policy, rule or directive of our Company or our Board of Directors; 

(C) willfully, or because of gross or persistent inaction, failed properly to perform his duties or acted in a manner detrimental to, or adverse to our interests; or 

(D) violated, or failed to perform or satisfy any material covenant, condition or obligation required to be performed or satisfied by him under his employment agreement with us; and that, in the case of any violation or failure referred to in clause (B), above, such violation is reasonably expected to have a significant detrimental effect on our Company (or any subsidiary). 

(6) Under the terms of Mr. McGrath s employment agreement (see Employment Agreements ), if a change of control occurs and within one year thereafter Mr. McGrath is terminated without Cause or quits for Good Reason , then he has the right to receive a payment equal to the greater of two times his then current base salary or the payments due for the remainder of the term of his employment agreement. 

John L. Kimble 

Involuntary 

Termination 

Quits For 

Termination 

Termination For 

In Connection 

Upon 

Good Reason 

Upon 

Upon 

Without 

Cause 

with Change 

Retirement 

(3) 

Death 

Disability 

Cause 

(4) 

of Control (5) 

Base Salary 

2,163,200 

2,163,200 

1,081,600 

Restricted Stock Units (1) 

2,950,546 

2,950,546 

2,950,546 

Annual Cash Incentive Award (2) 

(1) The product of (x) 17.49 (the closing sale price of the common stock on December 31, 2022) multiplied by (y) the number of unvested restricted shares outstanding. 

(2) Assumes that if the Named Officer is terminated on December 31, 2022, they were employed through the end of the incentive period and no bonus was earned and unpaid. 

81

Table of Contents 

(3) Defined as (i) any material reduction of the Named Officer s base salary, (ii) relocation of the Named Officer s principal place of employment by more than thirty miles, or (iii) the material change in the nature, titles or scope of the duties, obligations, rights or powers of the Named Officer s employment resulting from any action or failure to act by us. 

(4) Defined as (i) the Named Officer s conviction of, or entering a plea of guilty or nolo contendere (which plea is not withdrawn prior to its approval by the court) to, a felony offense and either the Named Officer s failure to perfect an appeal of such conviction prior to the expiration of the maximum period of time within which, under applicable law or rules of court, such appeal may be perfected or, if he does perfect such an appeal, the sustaining of his conviction of a felony offense on appeal; or (ii) the determination by our Board of Directors, after due inquiry, based on convincing evidence, that the Named Officer has: 

(A) committed fraud against, or embezzled or misappropriated funds or other assets of, our Company (or any subsidiary); 

(B) violated, or caused our Company (or any subsidiary) or any of our officers, employees or other agents, or any other individual or entity to violate, any material law, rule, regulation or ordinance, or any material written policy, rule or directive of our Company or our Board of Directors; 

(C) willfully, or because of gross or persistent inaction, failed properly to perform his duties or acted in a manner detrimental to, or adverse to our interests; or 

(D) violated, or failed to perform or satisfy any material covenant, condition or obligation required to be performed or satisfied by him under his employment agreement with us; and that, in the case of any violation or failure referred to in clause (B), (C) or (D), above, such violation or failure has caused, or is reasonably likely to cause, us to suffer or incur a substantial casualty, loss, penalty, expense or other liability or cost. 

(5) Under the terms of Mr. Kimble s employment agreement (see Employment Agreements ), if a change of control occurs and within one year thereafter Mr. Kimble is terminated without Cause or quits for Good Reason , then he has the right to receive a payment equal to two times his then current base salary. 

Compensation of Directors 

Analogous to our executive compensation philosophy, it is our desire to similarly compensate our non-employee Directors for their services in a way that will serve to attract and retain highly qualified members of the Board. As changes in securities laws require greater involvement by, and places additional burdens on, a company s Directors, it becomes even more necessary to locate and retain highly qualified Directors. 

In August 2019, following the Recapitalization, our Board of Directors changed the compensation payable to non-employee Directors to provide that (i) each director receives an annual cash fee of 100,000 paid quarterly, (ii) each member of a Committee receives an annual cash fee of 5,000, (iii) the chair of the Audit Committee receives an additional cash fee of 15,000 and (iv) the chair of the other Committees receives an additional 10,000. Mr. Winkler, pursuant to the internal rules of his employer, does not receive any fees as a director. 

In February 2010 our Board determined the terms for the minimum shareholding requirements. Pursuant to the new minimum shareholding requirements, each director will be required to hold shares with a value equal to at least two times the average annual cash stipend paid to the director during the prior two calendar years. To illustrate: if an average Director wishes to sell shares in 2023, he/she will have to hold shares with a market value of at least 199,667 prior to and following any sale of shares calculated as of the date of the sale, such 199,667 minimum calculated by taking the average cash stipend of 99,833 paid during the prior two years multiplied by two. 

82

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the compensation earned by our non-employee Directors for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Director Compensation 

Change in 

Pension Value 

and 

Fees 

Non-Equity 

Nonqualified 

Earned 

Incentive 

Deferred 

or Paid in 

Stock 

Option 

Plan 

Compensation 

All Other 

Cash 

Awards 

Awards 

Compensation 

Earnings 

Compensation 

Total 

Name 

Year 

) 

) 

) 

Incentive 

) 

) 

) 

Alexander Shoghi 

2022 

125,000 

125,000 

Zhao Xiaoqiang 

2022 

100,000 

100,000 

Joshua Cascade 

2022 

105,000 

105,000 

Carole Levine 

2022 

105,000 

105,000 

Lori J. MacPherson 

2022 

105,000 

105,000 

Employment Agreements and Termination of Employment Arrangements 

We entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Mr. Berman on November 11, 2010. We entered into an amended employment agreement with Mr. McGrath on August 23, 2011 when he became our Chief Operating Officer. We entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Kimble on November 20, 2019 when he became our Chief Financial Officer. 

On June 7, 2016, we amended the employment agreement between us and Mr. Berman, our Chairman, CEO and President, and entered into Amendment Number Two to Mr. Berman s Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated November 11, 2010 (the Employment Agreement ). The terms of Mr. Berman s Employment Agreement have been amended as follows: (i) extension of the term until December 31, 2020; (ii) increase of Mr. Berman s Base Salary to 1,450,000 effective June 1, 2016, subject to annual increases thereafter as determined by the Compensation Committee, with annual minimum increases of 25,000 commencing January 1, 2017; (iii) modification of the performance and vesting standards for each 3.5 million Annual Restricted Stock Grant Annual Stock Grant provided for under Section 3(b) of the Employment Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2017, so that 40 1.4 million) of each Annual Stock Grant will be subject to time vesting in four equal annual installments over four years and 60 2.1 million) of each Annual Stock Grant will be subject to three year cliff vesting (i.e. payment is based upon performance at the close of the three year performance period), with vesting of each Annual Stock Grant determined by the following performance measures: (a) total shareholder return as compared to the Russell 2000 Index (weighted 50 ), (b) net revenue growth as compared to our peer group (weighted 25 and (c) EBITDA growth as compared to our peer group (weighted 25 ); (iv) modification of the performance measures for award of the Annual Performance Bonus equal to up to 300 of Base Salary Annual Bonus provided for under Section 3(d) of the Employment Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2017, so that the performance measures will be based only upon net revenues and EBITDA, each performance measure weighted 50 , and with the specific performance criteria applicable to each Annual Bonus determined by the Compensation Committee during the first quarter of each fiscal year; and (v) provision of health and dental insurance coverage for Mr. Berman s children in the event of his death during the term of the Employment Agreement. 

On August 9, 2019, we further amended Mr. Berman s Employment Agreement as follows: (i) increase of Mr. Berman s Base Salary to 1,700,000, effective immediately; (ii) addition of a 2020 performance bonus opportunity in a range between twenty-five percent (25 and three hundred percent (300 of Base Salary, based upon the level of EBITDA achieved for the fiscal year, as determined by the Compensation Committee, and subject to additional terms and conditions as set forth therein; (iii) addition of a special sale transaction bonus equal to 1,000,000 if we enter into and consummate a Sale Transaction on or before February 15, 2020, subject to additional terms and conditions as set forth therein; (iv) modification of the Berman Annual Stock Grant provided for under section 3(b) of the Employment Agreement, effective as of January 2020, so that the number of shares of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to the Berman Annual Stock Grant equal the lesser of (a) 3,500,000 in value (based on the closing price of a share of Common Stock on December 31, 2019), or (b) 1.5 of outstanding shares of Common Stock, which shall vest in four equal installments on each anniversary of grant; (v) waiver of certain Change of Control , Liquidity Event, and other provisions under the Employment Agreement with respect to certain Specified Transactions; and (vi) modification of the definition of Good Reason Event to include a change in membership of the Board such that following such change, a majority of the directors are not Continuing Directors. All capitalized terms used but not defined in the previous sentence have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Employment Agreement, as amended by the third amendment. 

83

Table of Contents 

On November 18, 2019, we further amended Mr. Berman s Employment Agreement as follows: (i) to extend the term of the Employment Agreement for an additional year through December 31, 2021; (ii) addition of a 2021 performance bonus opportunity in a range between twenty-five percent (25 and three hundred percent (300 of Base Salary, based upon the level of EBITDA achieved for the fiscal year, as determined by the Compensation Committee, which shall be payable in cash and is subject to additional terms and conditions as set forth therein; (iii) modification of the Berman Annual Stock Grant provided for under section 3(b) of the Employment Agreement, effective as of January 2020, so that the number of shares of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to the Berman Annual Stock Grant equal the lesser of (a) 3,500,000 in value (based on the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the last business day of the prior year), or (b) 1.5 of outstanding shares of Common Stock, which shall vest in four equal installments on each anniversary of grant, provided, that no such award under (a) or (b) above shall be made to Executive (and no cash substitute shall be provided to Executive) to the extent shares are not available for grant under the Company s 2002 Plan as of such date; and, provided, further, that we shall not be obligated to amend the 2002 Plan and/or seek shareholder approval of any amendment to increase the amount of available shares under the 2002 Plan. All capitalized terms used but not defined in the previous sentence have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Employment Agreement, as amended by the fourth amendment. 

On February 18, 2021, we further amended Mr. Berman s Employment Agreement as follows: (i) to extend the Term of the Employment Agreement for an additional three years through December 31, 2024; (ii) addition of a performance bonus opportunity for 2022 2024 in a range between twenty-five percent (25 and three hundred percent (300 of Base Salary, based upon the level of EBITDA achieved by the Company for the fiscal year, as determined by the Compensation Committee, which shall be payable in cash and is subject to additional terms and conditions as set forth therein; and (iii) modification of the Annual Restricted Stock Grant provided for under section 3(b) of the Employment Agreement, effective as of January 2022, so that the number of shares of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to such Annual Restricted Stock Grant equal the lesser of (a) 3,500,000 in value (based on the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the last business day of the prior year), or (b) 2.25 of outstanding shares of Common Stock, which shall vest in three equal installments on each anniversary of grant, provided, that no such award under (a) or (b) above shall be made to Mr. Berman (and no cash substitute shall be provided to Mr. Berman) to the extent shares are not available for grant under the Plan as of such date; and, provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated to amend the Plan and/or seek shareholder approval of any amendment to increase the amount of available shares under the Plan. All capitalized terms used but not defined in the previous sentence have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Employment Agreement, as amended by the fifth amendment. 

On September 29, 2016, we entered into a Fourth Amendment to the employment agreement between us and Mr. McGrath, dated March 4, 2010 (which was effective January 1, 2010) (the Employment Agreement ). The terms of Mr. McGrath s Employment Agreement were amended as follows: (i) extension of the term until December 31, 2020; (ii) modification of the performance and vesting standards for each Annual Restricted Stock Grant Annual Stock Grant provided for under Section 3(d) of the Employment Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2017, as follows: each Annual Stock Grant will be equal to 1 million, and 40 0.4 million) of each Annual Stock Grant will be subject to time vesting in four equal annual installments over four years, and 60 0.6 million) of each Annual Stock Grant will be subject to three year cliff vesting (i.e. vesting is based upon satisfaction of the performance measures at the close of the three year performance period), determined by the following performance measures: (A) total shareholder return as compared to the Russell 2000 Index (weighted 50 ), (B) net revenue growth as compared to our peer group (weighted 25 and (C) growth in Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization EBITDA as compared to our peer group (weighted 25 ); and (iii) modification of the Annual Performance Bonus Annual Bonus provided for under Section 3(e) of the Employment Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2017, as follows: the Annual Bonus will be equal to up to 125 of Base Salary, and the actual amount will be determined by performance measures based upon net revenues and EBITDA, each performance measure weighted 50 , and with the specific performance criteria applicable to each Annual Bonus determined by the Compensation Committee during the first quarter of each fiscal year, and payable in cash (up to 100 of Base Salary) and shares of our common stock (any excess over 100 of Base Salary) with the shares of stock vesting over three years in equal quarterly installments. 

84

Table of Contents 

Effective February 28, 2018, we entered into a Fifth Amendment to Mr. McGrath s Employment Agreement, to provide that if a change of control occurs and within one year thereafter Mr. McGrath is terminated without Cause or quits with Good Reason , then he has the right to receive a payment equal to the greater of two times his then current base salary or the payments due for the remainder of the term of his Employment Agreement. The Fifth Amendment amended the definition of Cause to mean (i) Mr. McGrath s conviction of, or entering a plea of guilty or nolo contendere (which plea is not withdrawn prior to its approval by the court) to, a felony offense or other crime and either Mr. McGrath s failure to perfect an appeal of such conviction prior to the expiration of the maximum period of time within which, under applicable law or rules of court, such appeal may be perfected or, if he does perfect such an appeal, the sustaining of his conviction of a felony offense on appeal; or (ii) the determination by our Board of Directors, after due inquiry, based on convincing evidence, that Mr. McGrath has: (A) committed fraud against, or embezzled or misappropriated funds or other assets of, our Company (or any subsidiary); (B) violated, or caused our Company (or any subsidiary) or any of our officers, employees or other agents, or any other individual or entity to violate, any material law, regulation or ordinance, or any material policy, rule, regulation or practice established by our Company or our Board of Directors; (C) willfully, or because of gross or persistent inaction, failed properly to perform his duties or acted in a manner detrimental to, or adverse to our interests; or (D) violated, or failed to perform or satisfy any material covenant, condition or obligation required to be performed or satisfied by him under his employment agreement with the Company; and that, in the case of any violation or failure referred to in clause (B), above, such violation is reasonably expected to have a significant detrimental effect on our Company (or any subsidiary). The Fifth Amendment provided for definition of the term Good Reason to mean i) any material reduction of Mr. McGrath s base salary, (ii) relocation of Mr. McGrath s principal place of employment by more than thirty miles, or (iii) the material change in the nature, titles or scope of the duties, obligations, rights or powers of Mr. McGrath s employment resulting from any action or failure to act by the Company. 

Effective December 31, 2019 we amended Mr. McGrath s employment agreement as follows: (i) to extend the term of the employment agreement for an additional year through December 31, 2021; (ii) a 2020 and 2021 performance bonus opportunity in a range between twenty-five percent (25 and one hundred twenty-five percent (125 of Base Salary, based upon the level of EBITDA achieved for the fiscal year, as determined by the Compensation Committee, which shall be payable in cash and is subject to additional terms and conditions as set forth therein; (iii) modification of the McGrath Annual Stock Grant provided for under section 3(d) of his Employment Agreement, effective as of January 2020, so that the number of shares of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to the McGrath Annual Stock Grant equal the lesser of (a) 1,000,000 in value (based on the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the last business day of the prior year), or (b) 0.5 of outstanding shares of Common Stock, which shall vest in four equal installments on each anniversary of grant, provided, that no such award under (a) or (b) above shall be made to Executive (and no cash substitute shall be provided to Executive) to the extent shares are not available for grant under the 2002 Plan as of such date; and, provided, further, that we shall not be obligated to amend the 2002 Plan and/or seek shareholder approval of any amendment to increase the amount of available shares under the 2002 Plan. All capitalized terms used but not defined in the previous sentence have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Employment Agreement, as amended by such amendment. 

On June 18, 2021, the Company amended the employment agreement between the Company and Mr. John (a/k/a Jack) McGrath, our Chief Operating Officer, and entered into Amendment No. 7 to Mr. McGrath s Employment Agreement, dated March 4, 2010 which was effective January 1, 2010 (the McGrath Employment Agreement ). The terms of Mr. McGrath s Employment Agreement have been amended as follows: (i) to extend the Term of the McGrath Employment Agreement for an additional two years through December 31, 2023; (ii) to set the Base Salary, effective January 1, 2022, at the rate of 520,000 per annum; (iii) addition of a performance bonus opportunity for fiscal years 2022 and 2023 in a range between twenty-five percent (25 and one hundred twenty five percent (125 of Base Salary, based upon the level of EBITDA achieved by the Company for the fiscal year, as determined by the Compensation Committee, which shall be payable in cash and is subject to additional terms and conditions as set forth therein; and (iv) addition of a provision for the issuance on the first business day of each of calendar years 2022 and 2023 of that number of Restricted Stock Units that are equal to the lesser of (A) an amount in value (determined as provided below) equal to Mr. McGrath s Base Salary then in effect or (B) 1.05 of common shares outstanding of the Company, which shall vest in two equal installments on each anniversary of grant; provided, that no such award shall be made (and no cash substitute shall be provided) to the extent shares are not available for grant under the Company s 2002 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (as in effect on the date hereof and as subsequently may be amended, from time to time, or any successor plan, the Plan as of such date; and provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated to amend the Plan and/or seek shareholder approval of any amendment to increase the amount of available shares under the Plan. The number of Shares in each annual grant of Restricted Stock Units will be determined by the closing price of a share of the Company's common stock on December 31, 2021 with respect to the 2022 award, and December 31, 2022 with respect to the 2023 award. 

85

Table of Contents 

Effective November 20, 2019, we entered into a letter agreement with John L. Kimble (the Kimble Employment Agreement ). The Kimble Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Kimble will be our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer as an at-will employee at an annual salary of 500,000. Mr. Kimble will also receive a grant of 250,000 restricted stock units RSUs on the date hereof and annual grants of 250,000 of RSUs for the initial year and 500,000 annual grants of RSUs for every year thereafter. The number of shares in each annual grant of RSUs will be determined by the closing price of our common stock on the last trading day prior to the day of each annual grant. 60 150,000 for the first year and 300,000 thereafter) of each annual grant of RSUs will be subject to three year cliff vesting (i.e. vesting is based upon performance at the close of the three year performance period), with vesting of each annual grant of RSUs determined by the following performance measures: (i) Total shareholder return as compared to the Russell 2000 Index (weighted 50 ); (ii) Net revenue growth as compared to the Company s peer group (weighted 25 ), and (iii) EBITDA growth as compared to the Company s peer group (weighted 25 ). 40 100,000 for the first year and 200,000 thereafter) of each annual grant of RSUs will vest in 3 equal annual installments commencing on the first anniversary of the date of grant and on the second and third anniversaries thereafter. The Kimble Employment Agreement also contains provisions relating to benefits, change of control, and an annual performance-based bonus award equal to up to 125 of base salary. 

On February 18, 2021, we amended the Kimble Employment Agreement as follows: (i) changing Mr. Kimble s status from an employee at will by providing for a term extending through December 31, 2024; (ii) increase in annual salary to 520,000 effective immediately and annual increases of at least 4 commencing January 1, 2022; (iii) modification of the cash performance bonus opportunity for 2021 2024 in a range between twenty-five percent (25 and one hundred twenty five percent (125 of Base Salary, based upon the level of EBITDA achieved by the Company for the fiscal year, as determined by the Compensation Committee, which shall be payable in cash and is subject to additional terms and conditions as set forth therein; (iv) modification of the provision of the Kimble Employment Agreement captioned Restricted Stock Awards , effective as of January 2022, to provide for the annual grant of a number of shares of Restricted Stock equal to the lesser of (a) Mr. Kimble s Base Salary in value (based on the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the last business day of the prior year), or (b) 1.05 of outstanding shares of Common Stock, which shall vest in three equal installments on each anniversary of grant, provided, that no such award under (a) or (b) above shall be made to Mr. Kimble (and no cash substitute shall be provided to Mr. Kimble) to the extent shares are not available for grant under the Plan as of such date; and, provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated to amend the Plan and/or seek shareholder approval of any amendment to increase the amount of available shares under the Plan; and (v) as described above, inasmuch as this first amendment changes Mr. Kimble s status as an employee at will, the Kimble Employment Agreement has also been revised to include provisions regarding minimum stock ownership requirements, clawback provisions and termination provisions for Cause and Good Reason , all of which new provisions, are similar to the provisions in the employment agreements of the Company s other executive officers. All capitalized terms used but not defined in the previous sentence have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Kimble Employment Agreement, as amended by the first amendment. 

On September 27, 2021, the Company amended the employment agreements between the Company and each of Mr. Stephen G. Berman, our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. John (a/k/a Jack) McGrath, our Chief Operating Officer, and Mr. John Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of the amendments was to change the issuance, past and future, of all restricted stock awards to restricted stock units. All other material terms of the respective employment agreements remain the same, including without limitation, the terms of all such grants including the timing of all vesting periods and the vesting benchmarks. 

On October 25, 2022, the Company amended the employment agreement between the Company and Mr. Stephen G. Berman, Chief Executive Officer and President, and entered into Amendment NO. 7 to Mr. Berman s Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2010 (the Berman Agreement ). The terms of Mr. Berman s Employment Agreement have been amended as follows: (i) to extend the Terms of the Berman Employment Agreement for an additional two years through December 31, 2026; (ii) addition of a performance bonus opportunity for 2025-2026 in a range between twenty-five percent (25 and three hundred percent (300 of Base Salary, based upon the level of EBITDA achieved by the Company for the fiscal year, as determined by the Compensation Committee, which shall be payable in cash and is subject to additional terms and conditions as set forth herein; (iii) provision of an Annual Restricted Stock Unit Grant as provided for under section 3(b) of the Berman Employment Agreement, effective as of January 2025, if a number of shares of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to such Annual Restricted Stock Unit Grant equal the lesser of (a) 3,500,000 in value (based on the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the last business day of the prior year), or (b) 2.25 of outstanding shares of Common Stock, which shall vest in three equal installments on each anniversary of grant, provided, that no such award under (a) or (b) above shall be made to Mr. Berman (and no cash substitute shall be provided to Mr. Berman) to the extent shares are not available for grant under the Plan as of such date; and provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated to amend the Plan and/or seek shareholder approval of any amendment to increase the amount of available shares under the Plan; and (iv) in consideration of Mr. Berman agreeing to extend the term of his employment agreement, a grant of 183,748 Restricted Stock Units, which shall vest in two equal installments of 91,874 Restricted Stock Units each on October 25, 2025 and October 25, 2026 (provided that Executive remains employed by the Company on such date(s), as applicable.) All capitalized terms used but not defined in the two previous sentences have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Berman Employment Agreement, as amended by the seventh amendment. 

86

Table of Contents 

On October 25, 2022, the Company amended the employment letter agreement between the Company and Mr. John L. Kimble, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, and entered into Amendment No. 1 to Mr. Kimble s Letter Employment Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2019 (the Kimble Employment Agreement ). The terms of Mr. Kimble s Employment Agreement have been amended as follows: (i) to extend the Term of the Kimble Employment Agreement for an additional two years through December 31, 2026; (ii) modification of existing cash performance bonus opportunity for 2023 2026 in a range between twenty-five percent (25 and two hundred percent (200 of Base Salary, based upon the level of EBITDA achieved by the Company for the fiscal year, as determined by the Compensation Committee, which shall be payable in cash and is subject to additional terms and conditions as set forth therein; (iii) modification of the Kimble Employment Agreement captioned Restricted Stock Awards , effective as of January 2023, to provide for the annual grant of a number of shares of Restricted Stock Units equal to the lesser of (a) 150 of Base Salary in value (based on the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the last business day of the prior year), or (b) 1.50 of outstanding shares of Common Stock, which shall vest in three equal installments on each anniversary of grant, provided, that no such award under (a) or (b) above shall be made to Mr. Kimble (and no cash substitute shall be provided to Mr. Kimble) to the extent shares are not available for grant under the Plan as of such date; and, provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated to amend the Plan and/or seek shareholder approval of any amendment to increase the amount of available shares under the Plan; and (iv) in consideration of Mr. Kimble agreeing to extend the term of his employment agreement, a grant of 41,988 Restricted Stock Units, which shall vest in two equal installments of 20,994 Restricted Stock Units each on October 25, 2025 and October 25, 2026 (provided that Executive remains employed by the Company on such date(s), as applicable.) All capitalized terms used but not defined in the previous sentence have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Kimble Employment Agreement, as amended by the first amendment. 

On March 31, 2023, the Company amended the employment agreement between the Company and Mr. Stephen G. Berman, Chief Executive Officer and President, and entered into Amendment No. 8 to the Berman Agreement. The terms of Mr. Berman s Employment Agreement have been amended to increase Mr. Berman s Base Salary to an annual rate of 1,800,000, effective January 1, 2023, and for each subsequent calendar year during the Term at an annual rate to be determined by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, but is at least 25,000 more than the annual rate in the immediately preceding year. 

The foregoing is only a summary of the material terms of our employment agreements with the Named Executive Officers. For a complete description, copies of such agreements are annexed herein in their entirety as exhibits or are otherwise incorporated herein by reference. 

On October 19, 2011, our Board of Directors approved the material terms of and adoption of our Company s Change in Control Severance Plan (the Severance Plan ), which applies to certain of our key employees. None of our named executive officers participate in the Severance Plan. The Severance Plan provides that if, within the two year period immediately following the change in control date (as defined in the Severance Plan), a participant has a qualifying termination of employment, the participant will be entitled to severance equal to a multiple of monthly base salary, which multiple is the greater of (i) the number of months remaining in the participant s term of employment under his or her employment agreement and (ii) a number ranging between 12 and 18; accelerated vesting of all unvested equity awards; and continued health care coverage for the number of months equal to the multiple used to determine the severance payment. On February 26, 2020 our Board of Directors terminated the Severance Plan, but such termination would not be effective as to any employee who was a participant as of the termination date if a Change In Control were to occur prior to the twelve-month period following the termination date. 

Employee Benefits Plan 

We sponsor for all of our U.S. employees a defined contribution plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code that provides that employees may defer a portion of their annual compensation subject to annual dollar limitations, and that we will make a matching contribution equal to 100 of each employee s deferral, up to 5 of the employee s annual compensation and further subject to federal limitations. We eliminated the match on March 31, 2019. Company matching contributions, which vested immediately, totaled 2.1 million, 1.9 million, and nil for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company resumed the match on contributions effective January 1, 2021. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive officers has served as a director or member of a compensation committee (or other Board committee performing equivalent functions) of any other entity, one of whose executive officers served as a director or a member of our Compensation Committee. 

87

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information as of April 14, 2023 with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (1) each person known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock, (2) each of our directors, (3) each of our named executive officers, and (4) all our directors and executive officers as a group. 

Name and Address of 

			 Beneficial Owner (1)(2) 

Amount and 

			 Nature of 

			 Beneficial 

			 Ownership (3) 

Percent of 

			 Outstanding 

			 Shares (4) 

Lawrence I. Rosen 

1,875,584 

(6) 

19.0 

Hong Kong Meisheng Cultural Company Limited 

523,954 

(5) 

5.3 

Stephen G. Berman 

134,366 

(7) 

John L. Kimble 

94,027 

(8) 

John J. McGrath 

75,025 

(9) 

Alexander Shoghi 

12,564 

(10) 

Zhao Xiaoqiang 

9,629 

(11) 

Matthew Winkler 

- 

(12) 

- 

Lori MacPherson 

- 

- 

Joshua Cascade 

- 

- 

Carole Levine 

- 

- 

All Directors and executive officers as a group (9 persons) 

325,611 

(13) 

3.3 

Less than 1 of our outstanding shares. 

(1) 

Unless otherwise indicated, such person s address is c/o JAKKS Pacific, Inc., 2951 28th Street, Santa Monica, California 90405. 

(2) 

The number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each person or entity is determined under the rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the person or entity has sole or shared voting power or investment power. The percentage of our outstanding shares is calculated by including among the shares owned by such person any shares which such person or entity has the right to acquire within 60 days after April 14, 2023. The inclusion herein of any shares deemed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of such shares. 

(3) 

Except as otherwise indicated, exercises sole voting power and sole investment power with respect to such shares. All share amounts have been adjusted to reflect the 1-10 reverse split effective July 9, 2020. 

(4) 

Based upon 9,870,927 shares outstanding on April 14, 2023. Does not include, unless noted otherwise, any shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of any Restricted Stock Units RSUs ). 

(5) 

The address of Hong Kong Meisheng Culture Company Ltd is Room 1901, 19/F, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong. Zhao Xiaoqiang, executive director of this entity, is a director of the Company. Possesses shared voting and dispositive power with respect to all of such shares. All the information presented in this Item with respect to this beneficial owner was extracted solely from the Schedule 13D/A filed on January 26, 2018. 

(6) 

The address of Mr. Rosen is 1578 Sussex Turnpike (Bldg. 5), Randolph, NJ 07689. Possesses shared voting and dispositive power with respect to all of such shares. All the information presented in this Item with respect to this beneficial owner was extracted solely from a Form 5 filed on January 26, 2023. 

(7) 

Does not include an aggregate of 512,250 shares of common stock underlying unvested RSUs issued pursuant to the terms of Mr. Berman s January 1, 2003 Employment Agreement (as amended to date) which RSUs are further subject to the terms of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements with Mr. Berman (the Berman Agreement ). Certain of these shares may be restricted from transfer pursuant to the minimum stock ownership provisions adopted by the Company's Board of Directors. 

(8) 

Does not include 168,699 shares underlying currently unvested RSUs which will vest pursuant to the terms of Mr. Kimble s November 18, 2019 Employment Agreement (as amended to date), which RSUs are further subject to the terms of our Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements with Mr. Kimble (the Kimble Agreement ). The Kimble Agreement provides that Mr. Kimble will forfeit his rights to some or all of such 168,699 RSUs unless certain conditions precedent are met, as described in the Kimble Agreement. Certain of these shares may be restricted from transfer pursuant to the minimum stock ownership provisions adopted by the Company's Board of Directors. 

88

Table of Contents 

(9) 

Does not include an aggregate of 88,142 shares of common stock underlying RSUs issued pursuant to the terms of Mr. McGrath s March 4, 2010 Employment Agreement (as amended to date) which RSUs are further subject to the terms of a Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement with Mr. McGrath (the McGrath Agreement ). Certain of these shares may be restricted from transfer pursuant to the minimum stock ownership provisions adopted by the Company's Board of Directors. 

(10) 

Consists of 12,564 shares of common stock issued pursuant to our 2002 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (the 2002 Plan ). Certain of these shares may be restricted from transfer pursuant to the minimum stock ownership provisions adopted by the Company's Board of Directors. 

(11) 

Consists of 9,629 shares of common stock issued pursuant to our 2002 Plan. Certain of these shares may be restricted from transfer pursuant to the minimum stock ownership provisions adopted by the Company's Board of Directors. Does not include the 523,954 shares owned by Hong Kong Meisheng Cultural Company Limited reported above, of which entity Zhao Xiaoqiang is executive director. 

(12) 

Does not include 145,788 shares of preferred stock owned by entities controlled, directly or indirectly, by Mr. Winkler. 

(13) 

Does not Include any shares underlying RSUs. Does not include the 523,954 shares owned by Hong Kong Meisheng Cultural Company Limited reported above, of which entity Zhao Xiaoqiang is executive director. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

(a) Transactions with Related Persons 

In November 2014, the Company entered into a joint venture with Meisheng Cultural Creative Corp., Ltd., MC C for the purpose of providing certain JAKKS licensed and non-licensed toys and consumer products to agreed-upon territories of the People s Republic of China. The joint venture includes a subsidiary in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone that sells, distributes and markets these products, which include dolls, plush, role play products, action figures, costumes, seasonal items, technology and app-enhanced toys, based on top entertainment licenses and JAKKS own proprietary brands. The Company owns fifty-one percent of the joint venture and consolidates the joint venture since control rests with the Company. The non-controlling interest s share of the income (loss) from the joint venture for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 330,000), 120,000 and 130,000, respectively. 

In October 2016, the Company entered into a joint venture with Hong Kong Meisheng Cultural Company Limited Meisheng ), a Hong Kong-based subsidiary of Meisheng Culture Creative Corp, for the purpose of creating and developing original, multiplatform content for children including new short-form series and original shows. JAKKS and Meisheng each own fifty percent of the joint venture and will jointly own the content. JAKKS will retain merchandising rights for kids consumer products in all markets except China, which Meisheng Culture Creative Corp. will oversee through the Company s existing distribution joint venture. The results of operations of the joint venture are consolidated with the Company s results. The non-controlling interest s share of the income (loss) from the joint venture for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was nil. MC C is an affiliate of Meisheng and Meisheng holds shares of the Company s outstanding common stock. 

In March 2017, the Company entered into an agreement with a Hong Kong affiliate of its China joint venture partner. After their shareholder and China regulatory approval, the transaction closed on April 27, 2017. In 2018, the Company issued 4,158 shares of restricted stock at a value of 0.1 million to the non-employee director, which vested in January 2019. In 2019, the Company issued 5,471 shares of restricted stock at a value of 0.1 million to the non-employee director, which vested in January 2020. 

In March 2017, the Company entered into an equity purchase agreement with Meisheng which provided, among other things, that as long as Meisheng and its affiliates hold 10 or more of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, Meisheng shall have the right from time to time to designate a nominee (who currently is Mr. Xiaoqiang Zhao) for election to the Company s board of directors. 

Meisheng also serves as a significant manufacturer of the Company. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company made inventory-related payments to Meisheng of approximately 120.5 million, 77.7 million and 64.8 million respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts due to Meisheng for inventory received by the Company, but not paid totaled 9.8 million and 15.9 million, respectively. 

A director of the Company is a portfolio manager at Oasis Management. (see Item 8 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 10 - Debt 

A director of the Company is a director at Benefit Street Partners, who owns 145,788 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock (see Item 8 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 10 - Debt 

89

Table of Contents 

Amounts outstanding under the 2021 BSP Term Loan will bear interest at either (i) LIBOR plus 6.50 - 7.00 (determined by reference to a net leverage pricing grid), subject to a 1.00 LIBOR floor, or (ii) base rate plus 5.50 - 6.00 (determined by reference to a net leverage pricing grid), subject to a 2.00 base rate floor. The 2021 BSP Term Loan matures in June 2027. 

The 2021 BSP Term Loan Agreement contains negative covenants, events of default, and the obligations under the 2021 BSP Term Loan Agreement are guaranteed by the Company. The terms, covenants, events of default, and Company obligations are described in more detail in Note 10 Debt, as well as in the 2021 BSP Term Loan Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, Benefit Street Partners held 68.9 million in principal amount of the 2021 BSP Term Loan. 

(b) Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 

Pursuant to our Ethical Code of Conduct (a copy of which may be found on our website, www.jakks.com), all of our employees are required to disclose to our General Counsel, the Board of Directors or any committee established by the Board of Directors to receive such information, any material transaction or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to actual or apparent conflicts of interest between any of them, personally, and us. In addition, our Ethical Code of Conduct also directs all employees to avoid any self-interested transactions without full disclosure. This policy, which applies to all of our employees, is reiterated in our Employee Handbook which states that a violation of this policy could be grounds for termination. In approving or rejecting a proposed transaction, our General Counsel, Board of Directors or designated committee will consider the facts and circumstances available and deemed relevant, including but not limited to, the risks, costs and benefits to us, the terms of the transactions, the availability of other sources for comparable services or products, and, if applicable, the impact on director independence. Upon concluding their review, they will only approve those agreements that, in light of known circumstances, are in or are not inconsistent with, our best interests, as they determine in good faith. 

(c) Director Independence 

For a description of our Board of Directors and its compliance with the independence requirements therefore as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and Nasdaq, see Item 10- Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Before our principal accountant is engaged by us to render audit or non-audit services, as required by the rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or Nasdaq, such engagement is approved by the Audit Committee. 

The following are the fees of BDO USA, LLP, our principal accountant (PCAOB ID: ), for the two years ended December 31, 2022, for services rendered in connection with the audit for those respective years (all of which have been pre-approved by the Audit Committee): 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees 

1,768,655 

1,230,741 

Audit Related Fees 

4,200 

25,700 

1,772,855 

1,256,441 

Audit Fees consist of the aggregate fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the reviews of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q and for any other services that were normally provided by our auditors in connection with our statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit Related Fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered for assurance and related services that were reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and were not otherwise included in Audit Fees. These fees primarily relate to audits of employee benefit plans. 

Our Audit Committee has considered whether the provision of the non-audit services described above is compatible with maintaining our auditors independence and determined that such services are appropriate. 

90

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1) 

Financial Statements (included in Item 8): 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2) 

Financial Statement Schedules (included in Item 8): 

(3) 

Exhibits: 

Exhibit 

			 Number 

Description 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (1) 

3.1.1 

Certificate of Designations of Series A Senior Preferred Stock (28) 

3.1.2 

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designations of Series A Senior Preferred Stock (31) 

3.1.3 

Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (32) 

3.1.4 

Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (34) 

3.1.5 

Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (37) 

3.1.6 

Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (42) 

3.1.7 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of Series A Senior Preferred Stock (42) 

3.2.1 

Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company (28) 

3.2.2 

Third Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company (42) 

4.1 

Indenture dated July 24, 2013 by and between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A (3) 

4.2 

Form of 4.25 Senior Convertible Note (3) 

4.2.1 

Convertible Senior Note due November 7, 2020 (24) 

4.2.2 

Convertible Senior Note due November 1, 2020 (25) 

4.3 

Credit Agreement dated as of March 27, 2014 by and among Registrant and its U.S. wholly-owned subsidiaries and General Electric Capital Corporation (10) 

4.3.1 

Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of June 5, 2015 by and among Registrant and its U.S. wholly-owned subsidiaries and General Electric Capital Corporation (20) 

4.3.2 

Eleventh Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of June 14, 2018 by and among Registrant and its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (27) 

4.4 

Revolving Loan Note dated March 27, 2014 by Registrant and its U.S. wholly-owned subsidiaries in favor of General Electric Capital Corporation (10) 

4.5 

Indenture dated June 9, 2014 by and between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A (19) 

4.6 

Form of 4.875 Senior Convertible Note (19) 

4.7 

Term Loan Agreement dated as of June 14, 2018 by and among Registrant and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and GACP Finance Co., LLC (27) 

4.8 

Term Note dated June 14, 2018 by and among Registrant and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries in favor of GACP II L.P. (27) 

91

Table of Contents 

10.1.1 

Third Amended and Restated 1995 Stock Option Plan (4) 

10.1.2 

1999 Amendment to Third Amended and Restated 1995 Stock Option Plan (5) 

10.1.3 

2000 Amendment to Third Amended and Restated 1995 Stock Option Plan (6) 

10.1.4 

2001 Amendment to Third Amended and Restated 1995 Stock Option Plan (7) 

10.2 

2002 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (8) 

10.2.1 

2008 Amendment to 2002 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (9) 

10.2.2 

2021 Amendment to 2002 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (38) 

10.4.1 

Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Company and Stephen G. Berman dated as of November 11, 2010 (11) 

10.4.2 

Clarification Letter dated October 20, 2011 with respect to Mr. Berman s Second Amended and Restated employment agreement (12) 

10.4.3 

Amendment Number One dated September 21, 2012 to Mr. Berman s Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (13) 

10.4.4 

Amendment Number Two dated June 7, 2016 to Mr. Berman s Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (21) 

10.4.5 

Amendment Number Three dated August 9, 2019 to Mr. Berman s Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (28) 

10.4.6 

Amendment Number Four dated November 18, 2019 to Mr. Berman s Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (30) 

10.4.7 

Amendment Number Five dated February 18, 2021 to Mr. Berman s Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (36) 

10.4.8 

Amendment Number Six dated September 27, 2021 to Mr. Berman s Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (39) 

10.4.9 

Amendment Number Seven dated October 25, 2022 to Mr. Berman s Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (43) 

10.5 

Office Lease dated November 18, 1999 between the Company and Winco Maliview Partners (14) 

10.6 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (10) 

10.6.1 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (39) 

10.7 

Employment Agreement between the Company and Joel M. Bennett, dated October 21, 2011 (12) 

10.7.1 

Continuation and Extension of Term of Employment Agreement Between JAKKS Pacific, Inc. and Joel M. Bennett dated February 18, 2014 (15) 

10.7.2 

Amendment Extending Term of Employment Agreement Between JAKKS Pacific, Inc. and Joel M. Bennett dated June 11, 2015 (20) 

10.7.3 

Letter Agreement dated December 27, 2017 between the Company and Joel M. Bennett (23) 

10.8 

Employment Agreement between the Company and John a/k/a Jack McGrath, dated March 4, 2010 (16) 

10.8.1 

First Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and John a/k/a Jack McGrath, dated August 23, 2011 (16) 

10.8.2 

Second Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and John a/k/a Jack McGrath, dated May 15, 2013 (17) 

10.8.3 

Third Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and John a/k/a Jack McGrath, dated June 11, 2015 (20) 

10.8.4 

Fourth Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and John a/k/a Jack McGrath, dated September 29, 2016 (22) 

10.8.5 

Fifth Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and John a/k/a Jack McGrath, dated February 28, 2018 (33) 

10.8.6 

Sixth Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and John a/k/a Jack McGrath, dated December 31, 2019 (29) 

10.8.7 

Seventh Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and John a/k/a Jack McGrath, dated June 18, 2021 (41) 

10.8.8 

Eighth Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and John a/k/a Jack McGrath, dated September 27, 2021 (39) 

10.9 

Exchange Agreement dated November 7, 2017 between the Company and Oasis Investments II Master Fund Ltd. (24) 

10.10 

Exchange Agreement dated July 25, 2018 between the Company and Oasis Investments II Master Fund Ltd. (25) 

92

Table of Contents 

10.11 

Employment Agreement between the Company and Brent T. Novak, dated April 1, 2018 (26) 

10.11.1 

Correction Letter dated February 28, 2019 with respect to Mr. Novak s Employment Agreement (33) 

10.12 

Letter Agreement dated November 18, 2019 between the Company and John L. Kimble (30) 

10.12.1 

First Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and John L. Kimble dated February 18, 2021 (36) 

10.12.2 

Second Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and John L. Kimble dated September 27, 2021 (39) 

10.12.3 

Second Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and John L. Kimble dated October 25, 2022 (43) 

10.13 

Transaction Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2019, by and among the Company, certain of the Company s affiliates and subsidiaries, certain holders of the Company s 4.875 Convertible Senior Notes due 2020 and Oasis Investments II Master Fund Ltd. (28) 

10.14 

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2019, by and among the Company, Disguise, Inc., JAKKS Sales LLC, Maui, Inc., Moose Mountain Marketing, Inc. and Kids Only, Inc., as borrowers, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as agent (28) 

10.14.1 

Consent and Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (35) 

10.15 

First Lien Term Loan Facility Credit Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2019, by and among the Company, the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as agent (28) 

10.15.1 

Amendment No. 2 to First Lien Term Loan Facility Credit Agreement (35) 

10.16 

Amended and Restated Convertible Senior Note due 2023 issued to Oasis Investments II Master Fund Ltd. in the face amount of 21,550,000 (28) 

10.17 

Amended and Restated Convertible Senior Note due 2023 issued to Oasis Investments II Master Fund Ltd. in the face amount of 8,000,000 (28) 

10.18 

Convertible Senior Note due 2023 issued to Oasis Investments II Master Fund Ltd. in the face amount of 8,000,000 (28) 

10.19 

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2019, by and between JAKKS Pacific, Inc. and Oasis Investments II Master Fund Ltd. (28) 

10.20 

Credit Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2021, by and among JAKKS Pacific, Inc., Disguise, Inc., JAKKS Sales LLC, and Moose Mountain Marketing, Inc., as borrowers, other Loan Parties hereto, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (40) 

10.21 

First Lien Term Loan Facility Credit Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2021, by and among JAKKS Pacific, Inc. and its subsidiaries parties thereto as borrowers, the lenders party thereto, as lenders, and BSP Agency, LLC, as agent (40) 

10.21.1 

First Amendment to First Lien Term Loan Facility Credit Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2021, by and among JAKKS Pacific, Inc. and its subsidiaries parties thereto as borrowers, the lenders party thereto, as lenders, and BSP Agency, LLC, as agent (44) 

10.22 

Termination of Voting Agreement dated August 3, 2022 between the Company and its Preferred Stockholders (45) 

10.23 

At Market Issuance Sales Agreement between Registrant and B. Riley Securities, Inc. dated October 20, 2022 (46) 

14 

Code of Ethics (18) 

21 

Subsidiaries of the Company 

23.1 

Consent of BDO USA, LLP 

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Stephen G. Berman 

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of John L. Kimble 

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Stephen G. Berman 

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of John L. Kimble 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

93

Table of Contents 

(1) 

Filed previously as Appendix 2 to the Company s Schedule 14A Proxy Statement, filed August 23, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(2) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 21, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(3) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 24, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(4) 

Filed previously as Appendix A to the Company s Schedule 14A Proxy Statement, filed June 23, 1998, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(5) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Reg. No. 333-90055), filed November 1, 1999, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(6) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Reg. No. 333-40392), filed June 29, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(7) 

Filed previously as Appendix B to the Company s Schedule 14A Proxy Statement, filed June 11, 2001, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(8) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Reg. No. 333-101665), filed December 5, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(9) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Schedule 14A Proxy Statement, filed August 20, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(10) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, filed March 31, 2003, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(11) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 17, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(12) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 21, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(13) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 25, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(14) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 1999, filed March 30, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(15) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 20, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(16) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 24, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(17) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 21, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(18) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, filed March 15, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(19) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 9, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(20) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 16, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(21) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 9, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(22) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(23) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 29, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(24) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 11, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(25) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 26, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(26) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 2, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

94

Table of Contents 

(27) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 15, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(28) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 9, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(29) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 2, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(30) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 20, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(31) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 23, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(32) 

Filed previously as an annex to the Company s Schedule 14A filed October 28, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(33) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, filed March 18, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(34) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 9, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(35) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 19, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(36) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 19, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(37) 

Filed previously as an annex to the Company s Schedule 14A filed March 16, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(38) 

Filed previously as an annex to the Company s Schedule 14A filed October 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(39) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 1, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(40) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 3, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(41) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 24, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(42) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 15, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(43) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 28, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(44) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 2, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(45) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 4, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(46) 

Filed previously as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3/A filed on October 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

) 

Certain schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally any omitted schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

95

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: April 14, 2023 

JAKKS PACIFIC, INC. 

By: 

/s/ STEPHEN G. BERMAN 

Stephen G. Berman 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ STEPHEN G. BERMAN 

Director and 

April 14, 2023 

Stephen G. Berman 

Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ JOHN L. KIMBLE 

(Principal Financial Officer and 

April 14, 2023 

John L. Kimble 

Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ CAROLE LEVINE 

Director 

April 14, 2023 

Carole Levine 

/s/ JOSHUA CASCADE 

Director 

April 14, 2023 

Joshua Cascade 

/s/ MATTHEW WINKLER 

Director 

April 14, 2023 

Matthew Winkler 

/s/ ALEXANDER SHOGHI 

Director 

April 14, 2023 

Alexander Shoghi 

/s/ LORI MACPHERSON 

Director 

April 14, 2023 

Lori MacPherson 

/s/ ZHAO XIAOQIANG 

Director 

April 14, 2023 

Zhao Xiaoqiang 

96

<EX-21>
 2
 ex_492503.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

ex_492503.htm 

EXHIBIT 21 

JAKKS PACIFIC, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction 

A.S. Design Limited 

Hong Kong 

Disguise Limited 

Hong Kong 

Disguise, Inc. 

Delaware 

JAKKS France, S.A.S 

France 

JAKKS Meisheng Animation (H.K.) Limited 

Hong Kong 

JAKKS Meisheng Trading (Shanghai) Limited 

China 

JAKKS Pacific (Asia) Limited 

Hong Kong 

JAKKS Pacific (Canada), Inc. 

Canada 

JAKKS Pacific (HK) Limited 

Hong Kong 

JAKKS Pacific (Shenzhen) Company 

China 

JAKKS Pacific (UK) Ltd. 

United Kingdom 

JAKKS Pacific Germany GmbH 

Germany 

JAKKS Pacific Trading Limited 

Hong Kong 

JAKKS Sales LLC 

Delaware 

JKP Mexico Holdings, S.A. de C.V. 

Mexico 

JAKKS Europe B.V. 

Netherlands 

Maui, Inc. 

Ohio 

Moose Mountain Marketing, Inc. 

New Jersey 

Moose Mountain Toymakers Limited 

Hong Kong 

Pacific Animation Partners LLC 

Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_492504.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_492504.htm 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

JAKKS Pacific, Inc. 

 Santa Monica, California 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-219128, 333-233665, and 333-267958) of JAKKS Pacific, Inc. of our report dated April 14, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

 Los Angeles, California 

April 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_492505.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_492505.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Stephen Berman, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of JAKKS Pacific, Inc. Company 

2. Based upon my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based upon my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and we have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based upon such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this annual report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based upon our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Company s board of directors: 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

By: 

/s/ STEPHEN G. BERMAN 

Stephen G. Berman 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_492506.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_492506.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, John L. Kimble, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of JAKKS Pacific, Inc. Company 

2. Based upon my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based upon my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and we have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based upon such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this annual report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based upon our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Company s board of directors: 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

By: 

/s/ JOHN L. KIMBLE 

John L. Kimble 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex_492507.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_492507.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Written Statement of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, the undersigned officer of JAKKS Pacific, Inc. Registrant hereby certifies that the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

By: 

/s/ STEPHEN G. BERMAN 

Stephen G. Berman 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex_492508.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_492508.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Written Statement of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, the undersigned officer of JAKKS Pacific, Inc. Registrant hereby certifies that the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

By: 

/s/ JOHN L. KIMBLE 

John L. Kimble 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 jakk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 jakk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 jakk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 jakk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 jakk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

