<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230426_10-K_edgar_data_1852536_0001683168-23-002642.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1524357</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>56833</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>404138</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>301480</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>308839</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>420334</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002642.hdr.sgml : 20230426
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230426152533
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002642
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230426
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230426

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Intorio, Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001852536
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-255055
		FILM NUMBER:		23849278

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24 ALEXANDER KAZBEGI AVE
		CITY:			TBILISI
		STATE:			2Q
		ZIP:			0177
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(702) 605-46-36

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24 ALEXANDER KAZBEGI AVE
		CITY:			TBILISI
		STATE:			2Q
		ZIP:			0177

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002642.txt : 20230426

10-K
 1
 intorio_i10k-02282023.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

Mark One 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to _______ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or
 Organization) 

8200 
 (Primary Standard Industrial 
 Classification Number) 

EIN 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, , Georgia 

 intoriocorp@gmail.com 

 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, 

 including area code, of registrant s principal
executive offices) 

Incorp Services, Inc. 

 3773 Howard Hughes Parkway Suite 500 S 

 Las Vegas, NV 89169-6014 

 +1 (702) 866-2500 

 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone
number, 

 including area code, of agent for service) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting
company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required
a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant
recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Applicable Only to Issuer Involved in Bankruptcy Proceedings During
the Preceding Five Years. N/A 

Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer has filed all documents and
reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 after the distribution of securities under
a plan confirmed by a court. 

 Yes 
No 

Class 
 Outstanding as of February 28, 2023 
 
 Common Stock: 0.0001 

The aggregate market value of registrant s
voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) computed by reference to the
average bid and asked price of such common equity on August 31, 2022, was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART 1 

ITEM 1 
 Description of Business 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

ITEM 2 
 Properties 
 3 
 
 ITEM 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 3 
 
 ITEM 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 3 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 4 
 
 ITEM 6 
 [Reserved] 
 4 
 
 ITEM 7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 4 
 
 ITEM 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 6 
 
 ITEM 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 6 
 
 ITEM 9 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 6 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 7 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 Other Information 
 8 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 8 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons of the Company 
 9 
 
 ITEM 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 10 
 
 ITEM 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 10 
 
 ITEM 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 11 
 
 ITEM 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 11 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 Exhibits 
 12 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 12 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report contains forward-looking statements.
These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms
such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, approximate 
or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such
statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the
date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management's best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to
differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation
subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect
the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Description of Business 

GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT OUR COMPANY 

Intorio, Corp. was incorporated in the State of
Nevada and established on January 04, 2021. We have incurred losses since inception. The Company possesses assets in a form of an operative
website. Also, the company is registering its own trade mark, upon which will propose its services. We are a development-stage company
formed to commence operations concerned with the online studying. We have developed a full business plan. We maintain our statutory registered
agent s office at 3773 Howard Hughes Parkway, Suite 500s, Las Vegas, Nevada 89169-6014. Our business office is located at 24
Alexander Kazbegi Ave, Tbilisi 0177, Georgia. Our telephone number is (702) 605-46-36. 

We plan to provide a new unique type of service,
teaching of a school program, from the comfort of purchasers home. We will provide an online service of learning through our website.
Additionally our clients can apply for tutoring in a specific subject or on some point of the teaching program. Once we are operational
we intend to offer our services to clients in Georgia. 

We plan to work primarily with school program, and provide teaching
in following subjects: 

1. 
 English (Reading, Grammar, Writing, Speaking Classes) 

2. 
 Math (Calculus, Algebra, Geometry, Statistics, Trigonometry) 

3. 
 Chemistry (Biochemistry, Analytical, Organic, Inorganic, Physical Chemistry) 

4. 
 Physics (Classical mechanics, Thermodynamics and statistical mechanics, Quantum mechanics, atomic physics, Molecular physics) 

5. 
 Geography (Human, Physical, Environmental and Political Geography) 

6. 
 Biology (Anatomy, Cell and Molecular Biology, Genetics, Microbiology, Neurobiology and Zoology) 

7. 
 History (Inner and International) 

We will connect our clients with teachers and
other group members over the company s website. Our clients will have a choice to enter a group for online learning or apply for
personal lesson. Our future customers require a computer or even mobile phone, webcam and internet connection. 

Our Process 

We are offering groups for online learning the
same as personal tutoring through our website. Our potential clients will be able to have lessons from the comfort of their homes with
any subject and type of lesson they require. 

1 

Customers will choose a teacher based on the type
of the lesson they require, time of the day that suits them and they are willing to choose whether they are interested to try personal
tutoring or group learning. The clients choose the type of lesson and the topic for studying, then they are making the payment to our
company s bank account according to the number of lessons. After that we will connect them with a teacher and they start their lesson
through our website in a form of a video call. We are sourcing our future teachers through the websites of the jobseekers and from the
mouth-to-mouth strategy. We are going to hire freelance teachers depend on the lessons and programs they are qualified in. We will require
each teacher to have more than 5 years verifiable experience as a professional teacher, to have their program for studying and have advanced
communication skills. We will test how they conduct the lesson, before they start to provide teaching through our website. 

In the future we intend to develop our website
and make an extension of lessons and subjects required by our potential customers. Also we intend to add tutoring for high school students
and University students with the most popular subjects. We are going to make tutoring agreements with our future clients and the freelance
teaching agreements with our future teachers. Our future clients will be students and their parents and we will provide retail services
to them. There are no any intends and arrangements to provide our services to school districts and universities. 

The price for our services ranges from 25 to
 130 per hour according to the type of lessons customers choose and the complexity of the chosen topic of the lesson. Approximately we
will retain around 25-30 of the total fee paid by the customer to the tutor. 

Our website 

We have purchased a website. The website purchase
agreement is filed as Exhibit to this Registration Statement. Our website address is http://intorio-study.com/. Currently it is fully
serviced and ready for use. In addition, it has the ability to be refined and expanded. 

Customers will have a choice to choose personal
lessons or group classes on our website based on the time of the day, subject they want and price of the class. The clients will sign
up on our website and verify their personality. The whole process will be simple: filling your brief personal information, phone number
and an email address. After getting the request we will contact the person directly and discuss his needs. Once it is done, we approve
the client and he can use our website as a registered user and on the schedule page he can choose the subject, type of the lesson, the
time and the day comfortable for him. After the Company gets customer s payment we will connect him with a teacher and the
process of studying will start at the arranged time. 

Tutoring through our website will be similar to
communication over Zoom or Skype - tutors and clients will have an ability to see each other. Teaching price will range from 25 to 130
per hour. 

Freelance teachers 

When signing the agreement with teachers and tutors
we will collect and check all the information about them. Also, we will require to complete our short registration form with their personal
information. The most important things are: their education degree and the experience information. Additionally we will require each teacher
to have more than 5 years verifiable experience as a professional teacher. 

Market overview 

After the COVID-19 pandemic appeared, the online
teaching industry has started a big growth and attracted more people interested in learning by themselves and teaching their children
at home. All over the world the numerous of companies started to provide an online teaching services. 

2 

Competition 

The online teaching market is highly competitive.
There are numerous companies in the industry selling online classes. And most of these companies are privately held, therefore our future
competitors will be substantially larger than our Company and have greater financial resources than we have. 

Marketing 

We are going to arrange web advertisements, social
web communities marketing and direct mailing. Our web-banners are going to be placed on the websites related to online learning and tutoring.
We plan to spend money to pay for Google, Facebook and Instagram contextual advertising, to attract the attention of users who search
information related to our business. In addition, we may spend money on YouTube advertisements played before any video. 

Also we intend to make
development of our website and extension of our lessons and directions of our tutoring in order to attract more potential customers and
to make our services more desirable. 

Facebook and Instagram 

Facebook and Instagram are used as the most effective
marketing tools. We are going to use them as platforms to advertise to our clients on important updates such as; schedule changes, events,
classes, special discounts and any news related to our business. Additionally, we will use these services for finding new clients. 

Other social media 

Linkedin, Twitter, Telegram and others will be
also used for expanding our client base. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Not required for Smaller reporting companies. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not required for Smaller reporting companies. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Currently we don t own any properties. Our
business office is located at 24 Alexander Kazbegi Ave, Tbilisi 0177, Georgia. This address was provided by sole officer and president,
Mr. Gagi Gogolashvili. Our telephone number is (702) 605-46-36. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings,
and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

3 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

The company stock is not trading at the moment. 

Registered Holders of our Common Stock 

As of February 28, 2023, there were approximately
33 record owners of our common stock including director. 

Dividends 

The Company has never declared or paid cash dividends
on its common stock and does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During our fiscal years ended February 28, 2023
and 2022, we had no sales of unregistered shares. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

During the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023,
and 2022 the Company did not repurchase any shares of its Common Stock. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

We are a development stage corporation with limited
operations. Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion. This means that our auditors believe there is substantial doubt that we
can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months. We do not anticipate that we will generate significant revenues until
we have raised the funds necessary to conduct a marketing program. 

PLAN OF OPERATION 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED February 28, 2023 COMPARED TO
FISCAL YEAR ENDED February 28, 2022. 

Our net loss for the fiscal year ended February
28, 2023 was 25,447 compared to a net loss of 22,706 during the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022. In February 28, 2023 we generated
total revenue of 2,100 and in February 28, 2022 the Company have not generated any revenue. 

4 

Expenses incurred were 25,447 during fiscal year
ended February 28, 2023 compared to 22,706 during fiscal year ended February 28, 2022. Expenses increased due to the Company s
operational activities. 

The number of shares outstanding was 3,235,000
for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 and 3,235,000 for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED February 28, 2023 and 2022 

As of February 28, 2023, our total assets were
 5,475 consisting of capital raised from issuance of common stock and website development. 

As of February 28, 2022, our total assets were
 22,181. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

We have not generated positive cash flows from
operating activities for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, net cash flows used in operating activities was (16,779). We have not
generated positive cash flows from operating activities for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022 was (14,039). 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

We have not generated cash flows from investing
activities for the fiscal years ended February 28, 2023, and February 2022. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

 We have financed our operations primarily from
either advances from our sole executive or the issuance of equity. For the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, net cash provided by financing
activities was 2,741. For the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022, net cash from financing activities was 29,887. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

GOING CONCERN 

There is no historical financial information about
us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up stage operations and have generated limited revenues. We cannot
guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business
enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products. 

5 

We have no assurance that future financing will
be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or
expand our operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders. 

The extent of the impact of the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak on the financial performance of the Company will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak
and related advisories and restrictions and the impact of COVID-19 on the overall economy, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted. If the overall economy is impacted for an extended period, the Company s future operating results may be materially
adversely affected. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s
application of accounting policies. We believe that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with
the following aspects of our financial statements is critical to an understanding of our financial statements. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the reported amounts for certain expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from these good faith estimates and judgments. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The Company s Financial Statements required
by Item 8, together with the reports thereon of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are set forth on pages F-1 through F-9
of this report and are incorporated by reference in this Item 8. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accounting
and Financial Disclosures. 

None. 

6 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our management necessarily
applied its judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of such controls and procedures, which, by their nature, can provide only reasonable
assurance regarding management s control objectives. 

Our management, with the participation of our
CEO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered
by this Report. Based upon this evaluation, our CEO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of
the identification of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which is described below. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Our internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have
inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention of overriding controls. Accordingly, even effective
internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of February 28, 2023. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Tread way Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on
this evaluation, management concluded that that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of February 28, 2023.
Our CEO concluded we have a material weakness due to lack of segregation of duties, a limited corporate governance structure, and a lack
of a formal management review process over preparation of financial information. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

7 

Our size has prevented us from being able to employ
sufficient resources to enable us to have an adequate level of supervision and segregation of duties within our system of internal control.
Therefore, while there are some compensating controls in place, it is difficult to ensure effective segregation of accounting and financial
reporting duties. Management reported the following material weaknesses: 

Lack of segregation of duties in certain accounting and financial reporting processes including the initiation, processing, recording and approval of disbursements; 

Our corporate governance responsibilities are performed by the Board of Directors, none of whom are independent under applicable standards; we do not have an audit committee or compensation committee. Our Board of Directors acts primarily by written consent without meetings which results in several of our corporate governance functions not being performed concurrent (or timely) with the underlying transactions, including evaluation of the application of accounting principles and disclosures relating to those transactions; and 

Certain reports that we prepare, and accounting and reporting conclusions reached in connection with the financial statement preparation process are not subjected to a formal review process that includes multiple levels of review and are not submitted timely to the Board of Directors for review or approval. 

While we strive to segregate duties as much as
practicable, there is an insufficient volume of transactions at this point in time to justify additional full-time staff. We believe that
this is typical in many development stage companies. We may not be able to fully remediate the material weakness until we commence operations
at which time, we would expect to hire more staff. We will continue to monitor and assess the costs and benefits of additional staffing. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the SEC rules that permit us to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended February 28, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

8 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and
Corporate Governance. 

The board of directors elects our executive officers
annually. A majority vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies. Each director is elected for the term of one
year, and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal. The name, address, age and
position of our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name and Address of Executive 
 Officer and/or Director 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Gagi Gogolashvili 
 24 Alexander Kazbegi Ave, Tbilisi 0177, Georgia 
 
 33 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 

Gagi Gogolashvili has been holding the above stated
positions since the inception of the Company and is expected to hold them until the next annual meeting of our stockholders. Thereby,
Mr. Gagi Gogolashvili is currently the sole officer/Director and control person of Intorio, Corp. 

BACKGROUND INFORMATION ABOUT OUR OFFICER AND DIRECTOR 

Gagi Gogolashvili, Age 33 

Mr. Gagi Gogolashvili has served as the Company s
President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director since its incorporation on January 04, 2021. He has got the degree
in Business Administration. He has worked in teaching industry for the last 6 years and during this time Mr. Gagi Gogolashvili has been
planning formation and operation of Intorio, Corp. His specific knowledge, qualifications and skills have led to our conclusion that Mr.
Gagi Gogolashvili is a suitable person to develop our business. He has been a Leader of international teachers and a curator of students
at Nancy Education Chinese company located in Beijing from 2013 till 2019. His duties included the following business activities:
lead international teachers and students(from all over the world) in summer and winter camps, develop new teaching strategies and adopting
teaching programs for different kind of Students. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Our common stock is not registered pursuant to
Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Accordingly, our officers, directors and principal
stockholders are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Code of Business Conduct 

We have not adopted a Code of Business Conduct
within the meaning of Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. 

Board Committees 

We do not have any Board Committees. 

9 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The table below summarizes the total compensation
earned by each of our named executive Officers NEOs for each of the fiscal years listed. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 
 
 Bonus ) 

Stock 
 Awards ) 
 
 Option Awards ) 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 
 All Other Compensation 
 
 Total Compensation ) 

Gagi Gogolashvili 
 
 Treas., Sec. 
 
 2023 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

Treas., Sec. 
 
 2022 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

Mr. Gagi Gogolashvili was elected as an officer
and director on January 4, 2021 and his election became effective on January 4, 2021. 

Since Inception on January 4, 2021, Gagi Gogolashvili
only member of our Board of Director was not compensated for his services. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matter. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the beneficial
ownership (and the percentages of outstanding shares represented by such beneficial ownership) as of February 28, 2023, of (i) each director,
(ii) the current NEOs named in the Summary Compensation Table contained in this Form 10-K and (iii) all current directors
and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owners of the common stock listed below,
based on information provided by such owners, have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community
property laws where applicable. Persons, who have the power to vote or dispose of common stock of the Company, either alone or jointly
with others, are deemed to be beneficial owners of such common stock. 

Gagi Gogolashvili, President, CEO, Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board. 
 2,000,000 shares 

Certain Stockholders 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of five percent or more of either class of the Company s outstanding
common stock. The content of this table is based upon the most current information contained in Schedules 13D or 13G filings with the
SEC, unless more recent information was obtained. 

Gagi Gogolashvili, President, CEO, Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board. 
 62 

10 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

On January 5, 2021, we offered for services rendered
2,000,000 shares of common stock to Gagi Gogolashvili, our sole officer and director, at a purchase price of 0.0001 per share, for aggregate
proceeds of 200. 

During the period from January 4, 2021 (inception)
to February 28, 2023, Gagi Gogolashvili loaned 8,981 to the Company. This loan is non-interest bearing, due upon demand and unsecured. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

FEES TO THE COMPANY S AUDITORS 

Set forth below is a summary of certain fees paid
to our independent audit Victor Mokuolu, CPA PLLC. for services for the fiscal years 2023 and 2022. 

Fee Category 

Fiscal Year 
 2023 

Fiscal Year 
 2022 

Audit Fees 

15,000 

3,300 

Tax Fees 

Legal Fees 

2,000 

Total 

15,000 

5,300 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees were for professional services rendered
in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements set forth in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, the review of our quarterly
financial statements set forth in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and consents for other SEC filings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for
professional services for consultation on accounting matters. 

Approval of Services Provided by Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors has considered whether
the services provided under other non-audit services are compatible with maintaining the auditor s independence and has determined
that such services are compatible. The Board of Directors has adopted policies and procedures for pre-approving all non-audit work performed
by the external auditors. The Board of Directors will annually pre-approve services in specified accounting areas. The Board of Directors
also annually approves the budget for the annual generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) audit. 

11 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 (1) Financial Statements 

The following documents are filed as
part of this report: 

The Financial Statements of Intorio,
Corp. at February 28, 2023 and 2022, and for each of the two fiscal years in the period ended February 28, 2023, together with the reports
of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms, are set forth on pages F-1 through F-9 of this Report. 

(2) Not applicable. 

(3) Exhibits 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

(1) Incorporated by reference from the Company s
Registration Statement on Form S-1, SEC File No. 333-255055 as declared effective by the Commission on June 03, 2021. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . 

None. 

12 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on April 26, 2023. 

INTORIO, CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Gagi Gogolashvili 

Gagi Gogolashvili 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated
on April 26, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Gagi Gogolashvili 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, 
 
 Gagi Gogolashvili 
 
 and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

13 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

INTORIO, CORP. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of February 28, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations for the Years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-7 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To: The Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

 Intorio Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying financial statements
of Intorio Corp. the Company ), which comprise the balance sheet as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, and the
related statements of operation, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the financial
statements (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). 

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Intorio Corp. as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a Going concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 - Going Concern, to the financial statements,
the Company has incurred losses since inception, and has accumulated deficit as of February 28, 2023, and the Company and has not completed
its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan in regards to these
matters are also described in Note 2 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

A critical audit matter is any matter arising
from the audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates
to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex
auditor judgment. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

April 26, 2023 

PCAOB ID: 

F- 2 

INTORIO, CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Total Current Assets 

Intangible Assets 

Website development 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Total Non-current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Director Loan 

Accounts payable - Related Party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common stock, 
 par value, shares authorized;
 shares issued and outstanding respectively; 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 3 

INTORIO, CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended February 28, 2023 
 For the year ended February 28, 2022 

REVENUE (Consulting) 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and Administrative Expenses 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

NET LOSS PER SHARE; BASIC AND DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING; BASIC AND DILUTED 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 4 

INTORIO, CORP. 

 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY
(DEFICIT) 

 For the years
February 28, 2022 and 2023 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 
 Total Stockholders' Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance, February 28, 2021 

Shares issued for cash at
 0.02 per share during June - August 31, 2021 

Net loss for the year ended
 February 28, 2022 

Balance, February 28, 2022 

Net loss for the year ended
 February 28, 2023 

Balance, February 28, 2023 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 5 

INTORIO, CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended February 28, 2023 
 For the year ended February 28, 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss for the year 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) operating activities 

Accounts Payable 

Amortization of Intangible Assets 

CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Director Loan 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET DECREASE IN CASH 

Cash and equivalents at beginning of the year 

Cash and equivalents at end of the year 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral
part of these financial statements 

F- 6 

INTORIO, CORP. 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

 February 28, 2023 and 2022 

as of February 28, 2023 and as of February 28, 2022. The Company currently has
losses and has not completed its efforts to establish source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended
period of time. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management anticipates
that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses The Company intends
to raise additional funds through the capital markets. In light of management s
efforts, there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and
continue as a going concern. 

The extent of the impact of the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak on the financial performance of the Company will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak
and related advisories and restrictions and the impact of COVID-19 on the overall economy, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted. If the overall economy is impacted for an extended period, the Company s future operating results August be materially
adversely affected. 

of cash as of February 28, 2023 and
 as of February 28, 2022. 

.
The Company amortize its intangible using straight-line amortization over the estimated useful life of 
years. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Additions, major renewals and replacements that
increase the property's useful life are capitalized. Property sold or retired, together with the related accumulated depreciation is
removed from the appropriated accounts and the resultant gain or loss is included in operations. For the year ended February 28,
2023 the amortization expense was 
and as of February 28, 2022. 

The Company
received Trademark on January 18, 2022. The trademark is registered in Georgia. All expenses related to the acquisition of the trademark
were expensed in the related period. 

potentially dilutive debt or equity instruments issued
or outstanding. 

.
The Company amortized its intangible asset using straight-line amortization over the estimated useful life of 
years. 

For the year ended February 28, 2023 the
Company had recorded 
in amortization expense and as of February 28, 2022. 

and respectively. This loan is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. 

Further, to the above transaction, there is a
consideration payable within Accounts Payable of for the year ended February 28, 2023 to sole executive Mr. Gagi Gogolashvili
as per consulting agreement made by and between Intorio, Corp. Company ), and Gagi Gogolashvili Consultant effective
from February 01, 2021. 

, par value
shares of common stock authorized. 

On January 5, 2021 the Company issued 
shares of common stock to the Chief Executive Officer at 0.0001 per share. 

There were shares of common stock
issued and outstanding as of February 28, 2021. 

During the period ended August 31, 2021 the Company
issued shares of common stock to 32 shareholders for cash proceeds of at 0.02 per share. 

There were shares of common stock
issued and outstanding as of February 28, 2023. 

F- 11 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 intorio_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Gagi Gogolashvili, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Intorio, Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 26, 2023 
 /s/ Gagi Gogolashvili 

Gagi Gogolashvili 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

(President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 
(PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE, FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 intorio_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Gagi Gogolashvili, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Intorio, Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 26, 2023 
 /s/ Gagi Gogolashvili 

Gagi Gogolashvili 

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

(President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 
(PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE, FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 intorio_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this
annual report of Intorio, Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Gagi Gogolashvili, Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer of the
Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Rule 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: April 26, 2023 
 /s/ Gagi Gogolashvili 

Gagi Gogolashvili 

President, Treasurer and Secretary 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 none-20230228.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 none-20230228_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 none-20230228_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 none-20230228_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

