<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230614_10-K_edgar_data_1015383_0001493152-23-021280.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11218179</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>363586</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1841765</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3860954</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2270051</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2607638</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-021280.hdr.sgml : 20230614
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230614171540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-021280
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230614
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230614

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMMO, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001015383
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORDNANCE & ACCESSORIES, (NO VEHICLES/GUIDED MISSILES) [3480]
		IRS NUMBER:				300957912
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13101
		FILM NUMBER:		231015020

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7681 E. GRAY RD
		STREET 2:		SCOTTSDALE
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-947-0001

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7681 E. GRAY RD
		STREET 2:		SCOTTSDALE
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RETROSPETTIVA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970602

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-021280.txt : 20230614

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________ to ________ 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State 
 of
 incorporation) 
 
 (Commission 
 File
 No.) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Identification 
 Number) 

, , 

 (Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq 
 Capital
 Market) 

The
 Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq 
 Capital
 Market) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the Common Stock of the registrant by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter (September 30, 2022) was . 

As
of June 9, 2023, there were 
 shares of 0.001 par value Common Stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM
 1: 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1A: 
 RISK FACTORS 
 11 
 
 ITEM
 1B: 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 27 
 
 ITEM
 2: 
 PROPERTIES 
 27 
 
 ITEM
 3: 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 28 
 
 ITEM
 4: 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 28 

PART II 

ITEM
 5: 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 28 
 
 ITEM
 6: 
 RESERVED 
 29 
 
 ITEM
 7: 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 
 29 
 
 ITEM
 7A: 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 41 
 
 ITEM
 8: 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 41 
 
 ITEM
 9: 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 41 
 
 ITEM
 9A: 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 42 
 
 ITEM
 9B: 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 44 
 
 ITEM
 9C: 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 44 

PART III 

ITEM
 10: 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 45 
 
 ITEM
 11: 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 45 
 
 ITEM
 12: 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 45 
 
 ITEM
 13: 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 45 
 
 ITEM
 14: 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 45 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15: 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 46 

SIGNATURES 
 48 

2 

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION 

Descriptions
of agreements or other documents contained in this report are intended as summaries and are not necessarily complete. Please refer to
the agreements or other documents filed or incorporated herein by reference as exhibits. Please see the exhibit index at the end of this
report for a complete list of those exhibits. 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
document contains certain forward-looking statements . All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections of earnings, revenue
or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies, goals and objectives of management for future operations; any statements
concerning proposed new products and services or developments thereof; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance;
any statements or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. 

Forward
looking statements may include the words may, could, estimate, intend, continue, 
 believe, expect or anticipate or other similar words, or the negative thereof. These forward-looking
statements present our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We do not undertake to update
forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the dates they are made. You should, however,
consult further disclosures and risk factors we include in Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports
filed on Form 8-K. 

In
our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form 8-K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, references to: (a) Common Stock 
refers to our Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share; (b) 2024 fiscal year refers to the year that will end on March
31, 2024; and (c) AMMO, Inc. , AMMO , the Company , we, us, our 
and similar terms refer to AMMO, Inc. and its wholly owned operating subsidiaries Enlight Group II, LLC, AMMO Munitions, Inc., Firelight
Group I LLC, Speedlight Group I, LLC, SNI, LLC, GB Investments, Inc., IA Tech, LLC, Outdoors Online, LLC, Enthusiast Commerce, LLC, five
(5) other subsidiaries listed on Exhibit 21.1 filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and AMMO Technologies, Inc. (with AMMO Technologies,
Inc. currently being inactive). 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Introduction 

Ammo
Inc. is a conglomerate of two premium positions in the shooting sports industry. Ammo Inc. started in ammunition manufacturing and
in 2021 broadened its portfolio with the acquisition of Gunbroker.com. Gunbroker.com is an ecommerce marketplace that connects
buyers and sellers with new/used firearms and ancillary gear and componentry for the firearm community. Gunbroker.com helps
facilitate this community with a state and federal compliant solution that connects buyers with sellers across the US with their
local federally licensed firearm dealers. This allows our base of approximately 7.8 million users to follow ownership
policies and regulations through our network of over 35,000 federally licensed firearms dealers as transfer agents. The nature and
operation of the Marketplace as an online auction and sales platform also affords our Company a unique view into the total domestic
market for the purpose of understanding sales trends at a granular level across all elements of the outdoor and sports shooting
space. 

Reportable
Segments 

We
operate our business within two operating segments. Our Chief Executive Officer reviews financial performance based on two operating
segments as described below. 

Ammunition
 which consists of our manufacturing business. The Ammunition segment engages in the design, production and marketing of ammunition,
 ammunition component and related products. 

Marketplace
 which consists of the GunBroker.com Ecommerce marketplace. In its role as an auction site, GunBroker.com supports the lawful
 sale of firearms, ammunition and hunting/shooting accessories. 

See
Note 19 of our consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our reportable segments. 

Marketplace
Segment - GunBroker.com 

On
April 30, 2021 (the Effective Date ), we entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement ),
by and among us, SpeedLight Group I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Sub ),
Gemini Direct Investments, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company Gemini ), and Steven F. Urvan, an individual (the Seller ),
whereby Sub merged with and into Gemini, with Sub surviving the merger as our wholly owned subsidiary (the Merger ). At
the time of the Merger, Gemini had nine subsidiaries, all of which are related to Gemini s ownership of the GunBroker.com business.
The Merger was completed on the Effective Date. 

GunBroker.com
is a large online marketplace dedicated to firearms, hunting, shooting and related products. Aside from merchandise bearing its logo,
GunBroker.com does not hold any inventory and serves to facilitate transactions between buyers and sellers. Third-party sellers list
items on the site and federal and state laws govern the sale of firearms and other restricted items. Ownership policies and regulations
are followed using licensed firearms dealers as transfer agents offering a compliant solution to transact online. GunBroker.com has approximately
7.8 million registered users and averages over 1.8 million items listed for sale on its site on a daily basis. 

Our
vision is to expand the services on GunBroker.com and to become a partner to those in our industry. In the short term, we will be implementing
the following services; 

Payment Processing facilitating payment between parties allowing sellers of all sizes to offer fast and secure electronic payments
and allowing buyers to experience the ease of instant checkout using a single platform for payment of all items purchased. 

Carting Ability enables our buyers to checkout multiple items from multiple sellers in a single transaction. Our buyers will
be able finalize transactions including both regulated and nonregulated items, allowing one payment, while also affording them the ability
to ship their purchases to more than one location. By way of example, a buyer will be able to complete a transaction with a single payment,
ship regulated items to a registered federal firearms license dealer, and also ship nonregulated items directly to their address. 

GunBroker.com Analytics launched in January 2023 through the compilation and refinement of vast Marketplace data, we offer ecommerce
market analytics to our industry peers allowing them to better manage business strategy and planning. 

GunBroker.com Advertising effective as of January 2023 we offer additional resources to our seller community to promote their
seller stores within GunBroker.com as well as the products they supply. Content creation for manufactures, email campaigns and banner
ads are all part of our advertising offerings that are ever evolving resources to the outdoor industry. 

Enhance
Market Share, Brand Recognition, and Customer Loyalty 

Our
work to enhance and simplify the user experience on the GunBroker.com marketplace platform, while adding to its merchandise and related
offerings, is designed to enhance the GunBroker.com brand by ensuring customer (both buyers and sellers) adhesion is amplified as they
access one of the largest single on-line destinations for outdoor and shooting sports enthusiasts within
the US market. 

Ammunition
Segment Manufacturing 

Our
manufacturing operations are currently based out of Manitowoc, Wisconsin. We manufacture small arms ammunition and their components for
the commercial, military, and law enforcement community. Our core competency lies in our ability to deep draw rifle brass casings with
a high degree of precision up to 50 caliber. Our capacities are dependent upon mix, labor and the number of shifts we are running but
our case capacity resides in excess of 750 million to 1.0 billion pieces based on full utilization of the factory. We emphasize
an American heritage by using predominantly American-made components and raw materials in our products that are produced, inspected,
and packaged at our facilities in Manitowoc. 

We
are focused on manufacturing premium pistol and rifle ammunition and supporting industry partners for manufactured components. We will
continue to leverage our proprietary brands like Streak Visual Ammunition TM and Stelth subsonic ammunition and extend
our product offering with premium rifle lines and brands. We also support the US military with our cutting-edge developmental ammunition
programs as we seek out and effectively execute upon new governmental-based opportunities. Our production processes focus on safety,
consistency, precision, and cleanliness. Each round is developed for consistency, velocity, accuracy, and repeatability. Each round is
chamber gauged and inspected with redundant seven-step quality control processes and meet and exceed SAAMI and CIP standards. 

4 

Our
Growth Strategy 

Our
goal is to enhance our position as a designer, producer, and marketer of ammunition products via our manufacturing and related sales
operations, while simultaneously enhancing and embracing the data we have in Gunbroker.com to allow us to see growing trends and demands
form the US customer base. 

Design,
Produce, and Market Innovative, Distinctive, Performance-Driven, High-Quality Ammunition and Ammunition Components 

We
are focused on designing, producing, and marketing innovative, distinctive, performance-driven, high-quality products that appeal to
retailers, manufacturers, and consumers that will enhance our users shooting experiences. Our research and development activities
continue to drive opportunity and market attractiveness for our brands. We balance our R D prowess with best-in-class operational
efficiencies and continue to drive our cost down through rigorous continuous improvement initiatives. 

Continue
to Strengthen Relationships with Channel Partners and Retailers. 

We
continue to strive to strengthen our relationships with our current distributors, specialty retailers, dealers, and OEM manufacturers.
The success of our efforts depends on new caliber introduction, innovation in our operations, quality, performance of our products,
attractiveness of our retail packaging, and the guarantees we bring to our user community through our customer support efforts. 

Emphasis
on Customer Satisfaction and Loyalty 

We
plan to continue to emphasize customer satisfaction and loyalty by offering innovative, distinctive, high-quality products on a
timely basis and by offering effective customer service, training, and support for the user community. We regard the features,
quality, and performance of our products as the most important components of our customer satisfaction and loyalty
efforts. 

Continuously
Improving Operations 

We
continue our efforts to enhance our production and lean out our operations by increasing daily production quantities through equipment
acquisition, shift expansion, process improvements, increased operational availability of our equipment, and increased overall efficiency.
Further, the Company opened its new state-of-the-art manufacturing plant in Manitowoc, WI. The opening and full operation of this new
plant has positioned Ammo Inc. to be the leader in brass case supply to the OEM market and under the many brands we go to market under. The plant will allow us to exponentially increase capacity through the end of calendar 2023 and into 2024. 

Products 

We
design, produce, and sell ammunition and ammunition components in a variety of types, sizes, and calibers for use in handguns and long
guns. We ship our ammunition in the form of cartridges (or rounds), and also ammunition casings. A cartridge consists of four components:
a case made of brass, steel, or polymer that holds together all the other components of the cartridge; the primer, which is an explosive
chemical compound that ignites the gunpowder when struck by the firing pin; the gun powder, which is a chemical mixture that burns rapidly
and creates an expanding gas when ignited and pushes the bullet out the barrel; and the bullet, or projectile, usually containing lead
that is fired through the barrel to strike the target. We also offer ammunition casings for pistol ammunition through large rifle ammunition. 

5 

STREAK
Visual Ammunition 

STREAK
VISUAL AMMUNITION enables shooters to see the path of the bullets. STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION rounds utilize non-flammable
phosphor material that produces a glow by the utilization of the light emitted during the round discharge to make STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION 
glow. The luminescent material is applied only to the base of the projectile, making it visible only to the shooter and those within
a 30-degree viewing window. As a result, the glow of STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION is not visible to the target unlike conventional
tracers, which we believe is important to the military and law enforcement. We refer to the technology used by our STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION 
as one-way luminescent or O.W.L. Technology . Unlike conventional tracer ammunition, STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION rounds are
not incendiary and do not utilize burning metals to generate light, thereby eliminating heat generation and making them safer for use
in various environments and avoiding serious fire hazards. STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION comes in 380 auto, 9 mm, 40 S W, 44 magnum,
45 long colt, and 38 special among other calibers. 

We
hold the exclusive worldwide sales and distribution rights for the patented O.W.L. Technology used by our STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION 
and pay a royalty based on our product sales incorporating this technology. On October 13, 2020, the Company further expanded its patent
portfolio as a result of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) s issuance of Patent No. 10,801,821 recognizing the Company s
development of both a protectable and cutting-edge process to mass-produce luminescent projectiles, as well as the luminescent projectiles
manufactured as a result of the protected process. 

Stelth
Subsonic Ammunition 

Stelth
Subsonic ammunition is designed specifically for superior performance in suppressed firearms. Stelth ammunition finds applications in
which silence is paramount, such as in tactical training, predator night hunts, and clandestine operations. The Stelth ammunition is
produced to be a clean burning total metal jacket round to slow baffle corrosion and reduce lead emissions that collect in the suppressor
body. Stelth ammunition comes in 9mm, 40 S W, and 45 ACP, 223, and 300BLK. 

JMC 

Through
Jagemann Munitions Components JMC ), we offer ammunition casings for pistol and rifle ammunition. Jagemann Munitions Components
is backed by decades of manufacturing experience that allows the production of high-quality pistol brass and rifle brass components.
Borne from the automotive industry and refined over time to deliver durable and consistent sporting components, Jagemann Munitions Components
has become one of the largest brass manufacturers in the country, with the capacity to produce more than 750 million pieces of brass
each year with the ability to scale to over 1 billion pieces of brass each year. Proud of its American-made components and capabilities,
the Company now has complete control over the manufacturing process. 

Marketing 

We
market our products and services to consumers through distributors, dealers, mass market, and specialty retailers. We maintain consumer-focused
product marketing and promotional campaigns, which include print and digital advertising campaigns; social and electronic media; product
demonstrations; point-of-sales materials; in-store training, and in-store retail merchandising. Our use of social media includes Instagram,
Facebook, Twitter, and You Tube. We also utilize third-party endorsements, social influencers, and brand ambassadors. 

Product
Innovation and Development 

The
Company was founded on delivering new and innovative products such as Streak to the industry. Since initiating operations in 2017 and
has developed proprietary products for the commercial and military sectors. We continue this passion with developing new calibers and
products to meet and create market demand. The core competency of our manufacturing facility lies in its ability to deep draw rifle cases.
Our goal is to fill the capacity of our new facility with innovative products around this core competency. In our 2024 fiscal year, we
will be delivering on calibers with high demand in premium segments of the market such as 7mm PRC, 35 Whelan, 350 Legend, and 45-70 both
in our AMMO, Inc. Signature lines as well as brass for OEM manufacturers. We will provide our ammunition customers with a stronger line
up of high precision hunting cartridges and continue to deliver to the OEM market with an offering that provides our customers the ability
to reach their fullest potential. The competition will continue to fight for shelf space at retail and our market continues to normalize
so we must default to new caliber design and introduction to create brand strength, market positioning, and loyalty. We will continue
to push into niche markets to find margins and create opportunities for our newfound capacity at the new 185,000 sq ft facility in Manitowoc.
We do all this while following strict industry standards to ensure we deliver safe and effective products to our customers. We will continue
to add talent and engage best in class resources to enable AMMO, Inc. to continue down this path. 

Since
the acquisition, we have evolved the GunBroker.com marketplace to push best in class ecommerce standards. By streamlining customer service,
we push proactive customer engagement based around outreach to the seller and buyer community. We are in the final testing stages of
a centralized payment system that will allow all, including smaller sellers, merchant processing and carting ability for the entire platform.
Centralized payment processing will allow for advanced fraud prevention, reduce manual reviews reductions in chargebacks for the
seller community. There is continued development around listing processes and communication flow between buyers and sellers, as
well as optimization of the immense amount of self-data. We currently use our platform data to present personalized marketing
campaigns to the user base and will continue to evolve how we engage with our customer base. Marketing, Analytics, and Advertising
programs have been instrumental in the success of the prior year, we are continuing to build out teams and structure for our aggressive
go to market campaigns for this fiscal year. 

Research
and Development 

We
conduct research and development activities to enhance existing products and develop new products at our facilities in Manitowoc, Wisconsin,
utilizing our personnel and strategic relationships. We expense all costs associated with our research and development efforts through
either our cost of goods sold, as they are performed by the same employees who produce our finished product, or through or general and
administrative expenses if the product has not been brought to market. 

6 

Suppliers 

We
purchase certain raw materials and components for our ammunition products, including brass, steel, or copper casings; ammunition primers
to ignite gun powder; gun powder; and projectiles. We believe we have reliable sources of supply for all our raw material and component
needs, but from time to time raw materials and components are subject to shortages and price increases. Most of our suppliers are U.S.-based
and provide us the materials and components at competitive rates. Our ownership of JMC supplies our ammunition casings. We plan to continue
to broaden our supplier base and secure multiple sources for all the raw materials and components we require. 

Customers 

We
sell our products through distribution, Big Box retailers, manufacturers, specialty retailers, local ammunition stores,
and shooting range operators. Our consumers include sport and recreational shooters, hunters, competitive shooters, individuals desiring
home and personal protection, manufacturers, and law enforcement and military agencies, and selected international markets. We distribute
our products under four primary product lines: AMMO Inc. Signature, STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION , Stelth, and JMC. 

Competition 

The
ammunition and ammunition casing industry is dominated by a small number of companies, a number of which are divisions of large public
companies. We compete primarily on the quality, reliability, features, performance, brand awareness, and price of our products. Our primary
competitors include Federal Premium Ammunition, Remington Arms, the Winchester Ammunition division of Olin Corporation, and various smaller
manufacturers and suppliers, including Black-Hills Ammunition, CBC Group, Fiocchi Ammunition, Hornady Manufacturing Company, PMC, Rio
Ammunition, and Wolf. 

Human
Capital 

As of June 9, 2023, we had
a total of 342 employees. Of these employees, 236 were engaged in manufacturing, 31 in sales, marketing and customer service, 34 in research
and development, manufacturing engineering, and software engineering, and 41 in various corporate and administrative functions (information
technology, accounting, executives, etc.). None of our employees are represented by a union in collective bargaining with us. We believe
that our employee relations are good. 

Our human capital proposition
is centered around a team-oriented work environment that promotes a culture that fosters engagement, hard work, a desire to win, and accountability.
At our core, we strive to attract, develop, and retain employees that want to be a part of a dynamic workforce centered around delivering
new products and services to our passionate userbase. We value diversity, engagement, and unique viewpoints that enable us to excel in
the marketplace. 

Seasonality 

Our
business has not exhibited a material degree of seasonality to date but as we move into more rifle production and strive to meet our
customers projections and needs, seasonality will have a larger effect on our sales pipeline. Our net sales could be moderately higher
in our second and third fiscal quarters because of the fall hunting and holiday seasons. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
believe our tradenames, trademarks, and service markets are important factors in distinguishing our products. In addition, we regard
our trade secrets, technological resources, knowhow, licensing arrangements, and endorsements as important competitive factors. 

Under
the terms of the 2017 merger between our wholly-owned subsidiary, AMMO Technologies Inc., an Arizona corporation ATI and Hallam, Inc. Hallam ), ATI succeeded to all of the assets of Hallam and assumed the liabilities of Hallam, which
were none. The primary asset of Hallam was an exclusive license to produce projectiles and ammunition using the Hybrid Luminescence
Ammunition Technology under patent U.S. 8,402,896 B1 with a publication date of March 26, 2013 owned by University of Louisiana at
Lafayette ULL ). The license was formally amended and assigned to ATI pursuant to an Assignment and First Amendment to
Exclusive License Agreement Assumption Agreement. Under
the terms of the merger with Hallam, we, the sole shareholder of ATI, issued to Hallam s two shareholders, 600,000 shares of
our Common Stock, subject to restrictions, and payment of 200,000. The first payment of 100,000 to Hallam s shareholders was
paid on September 13, 2017, and the second payment of 100,000 was paid on February 6, 2018. 

7 

We
hold the exclusive worldwide sales and distribution rights for the patented O.W.L. Technology 
 used by our STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION via our license agreement with ULL. We pay ULL a royalty based on our product sales
incorporating this patented technology. We have been using our O.W.L. Technology to compete for military contracts in part because
we believe the glow of STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION not being visible to the target (which is unlike conventional tracers) is important
to the military and law enforcement. 

Such
military use is allowed pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Exclusive License Agreement between ATI and ULL which was dated
as of November 16, 2017 and effective as of January 1, 2018 (the A R License Agreement ). The A R License Agreement
expires on January 1, 2022 and is renewable in the Company s sole discretion for successive four (4) year periods provided the
Company is not in breach of the A R License Agreement. While the parties have agreed that, effective January 1, 2022, the A R
License Agreement was extended to January 1, 2026, the parties are still finalizing the documentation of this extension via the signing
of an amendment. On July 7, 2022, the Company and the Licensor entered into a Second Amendment
to Amended and Restated Exclusive License Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2022 (the Second Amendment ). Pursuant to
the Second Amendment, the term of the Original License Agreement is extended for a period of four (4) years from the date of the start
of the current term, such that the term will expire on January 1, 2026. 

We
are a party to a license agreement with Jesse James, a well-known motorcycle designer, and Jesse James Firearms, LLC, a Texas limited
liability company. The licensing agreement grants us the exclusive worldwide rights through April 12, 2027 to Mr. James image
rights and all trademarks associated with him in connection with the marketing, promotion, advertising, sale, and commercial exploitation
of Jesse James Branded Products. In addition, Mr. James agreed to make himself available for certain promotional activities and to promote
Jesse James Branded Products through his own social media outlets. We agreed to pay Mr. James royalty fees on the sale of ammunition
and non-ammunition Branded Products and to reimburse him for any out-of-pocket expenses and reasonable travel expenses. 

Through
our acquisition of SW Kenetics, Inc. SWK ), we acquired the rights to a patent for modular projectiles. This technology
is used in connection with our AP and HAPI lines of ammunition. The Company acquired SWK for a total of up to 1,500,000 in cash and
issued 1,700,002 restricted shares of the Common Stock. The agreement specifies that 1,250,000 of the cash is deferred pending completion
of specific milestones and the 1,700,002 shares of Common Stock are subject to claw back provisions to ensure agreed upon objective are
met. As of March 31, 2023, the Company has made 350,000 in payments. As of March 31, 2023, 1,550,134 shares remain subject to
clawback provisions. The patent will be amortized over 15 years. 

Included
in the acquisition of JMC for 7,000,000 in cash, 10,400,000 delivered in the form of a Promissory Note, and 4,750,000 shares of Common
Stock, we acquired customer relationships, intellectual property, and the use of a tradename, which will be amortized over 3 years, 3
years and 5 years, respectively. These intangible assets are used in the operation and production of our ammunition casing business through
our wholly owned subsidiary, Jagemann Munition Components. 

8 

Environmental
Matters 

Our
operations are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including
those governing the discharge, treatment, storage, transportation, remediation, and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes; the restoration
of damages to the environment; and health and safety matters. We believe that our operations are in material compliance with these laws
and regulations. We incur expenses in complying with environmental requirements and could incur higher costs in the future as a result
of more stringent requirements that may be enacted in the future. 

Some
environmental laws, such as the U.S. federal Superfund law and similar state laws, can impose liability, without regard to fault, for
the entire cost of the cleanup of contaminated sites on current or former site owners and operators or parties who sent wastes to such
sites. Based on currently available information, we do not believe that environmental matters will have a material adverse effect on
our business, operating results, or financial condition. 

Regulatory
Matters 

The
manufacture, sale, and purchase of ammunition are subject to extensive federal, state, local, and foreign governmental laws. We are also
subject to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives ATF and various
state and international agencies that control the manufacture, export, import, distribution and sale of firearms, explosives, and ammunition.
Such regulations may adversely affect demand for our products by imposing limitations that increase the costs or limit the availability
of our products. 

Our
failure to comply with applicable rules and regulations may result in the limitation of our growth or business activities and could result
in the revocation of licenses necessary for our business. Applicable laws and regulations provide for the following: 

require
 the licensing of all persons manufacturing, exporting, importing, or selling ammunition as a business; 

require
 serialization, labeling, and tracking of the acquisition and disposition of certain types of ammunition; 

regulate
 the interstate sale of certain ammunition; 

restrict
 or prohibit the ownership, use, or sale of specified categories of ammunition; 

require
 registries of so-called ballistic images of ammunition fired from new guns; 

govern
 the sale, export, and distribution of ammunition; 

regulate
 the use and storage of gun powder or other energetic materials; 

regulate
 the employment of personnel with certain criminal convictions; 

restrict
 access to ammunition manufacturing facilities for certain individuals from other countries or with criminal convictions; and 

require
 compliance with International Traffic in Arms Regulations. 

9 

The
handling of our technical data and the international sale of our products may also be regulated by the U.S. Department of State and Department
of Commerce. These agencies can impose civil and criminal penalties, including denying us from exporting our products, for failure to
comply with applicable laws and regulations. 

In
addition, bills have been introduced in Congress to establish, and to consider the feasibility of establishing a nationwide database
recording so-called ballistic images of ammunition fired from new guns. Should such a mandatory database be established,
the cost to us, our distributors, and our customers could be significant, depending on the type of firearms and ballistic information
included in the database. Bills have been introduced in Congress in the past several years that would affect the manufacture and sale
of ammunition, including bills to regulate the manufacture, importation, and sale. 

We
believe that existing federal, state, and local legislation relating to the regulation of firearms and ammunition have not had a material
adverse effect on our sales of these products. However, the regulation of firearms and ammunition may become more restrictive in the
future, and any such developments might have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash
flows. In addition, regulatory proposals, even if never enacted, may affect firearms or ammunition sales as a result of consumer perceptions. 

Transactions
taking place on the GunBroker.com site involving the lawful sale of firearms are facilitated from a listing and documentation standpoint
by GunBroker.com. The transaction is consummated between a third-party buyer and seller and requires the direct involvement of an ATF
Federal Firearms License FFL holder such as a gun shop or range that accepts receipt of the firearms and completes the
transaction and delivery subject to confirmation of compliance with applicable federal and/or state laws. 

Available
Information 

You
can find reports on our company including our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K,
and amendments to those reports on our website www.ammoinc.com under the Investor Relations heading. These
reports are free of charge and are available as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed with, or furnished to, the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We are providing the address to our website solely for the information of investors and
the information on our website is not a part of this or any report that we file with the SEC. 

10 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Purchasing
our Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors,
together with all of the information included in this Form 10-K Report, before you decide to purchase shares of our Common Stock or Series
A Preferred Stock. We believe the risks and uncertainties described below are the most significant we face. Additional risks and uncertainties
of which we are unaware, or that we currently deem immaterial, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following
risks occur, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading
price of our Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
have a limited operating history on which you can evaluate our company. 

With
the exception of GunBroker.com s approximate 20 year history operating as a private company preceding the merger, we have a limited
operating history on which you can evaluate our company. Although the corporate entity has existed since 1990, we have only operated
as an ammunition manufacturer since March 2017. As a result, our business will be subject to many of the problems, expenses, delays,
and risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise. 

Our
performance is influenced by a variety of economic, social, and political factors. 

Our performance is influenced by a variety of economic, social, and political
factors. In the year ended March 31, 2023, we believe that general economic conditions and consumer spending patterns negatively impacted
our operating results because consumers bought fewer discretionary items such as our products. These economic conditions included, but
were not limited to, declines in consumer confidence and increases in consumer debt levels. In times of economic uncertainty, consumers
tend to defer expenditures for discretionary items, which affects demand for our products. Economic conditions also affect governmental
political and budgetary policies. As a result, economic conditions also can have an adverse effect on the sale of our products to law
enforcement, government, and military customers. 

Political
and other factors also can adversely affect our performance. Concerns about presidential, congressional, and state elections and
legislature and policy shifts resulting from those elections can adversely affect the demand for our products. In addition,
uncertainty surrounding the control of firearms, firearm products, and ammunition at the federal, state, and local level and
heightened fears of terrorism and crime can adversely affect consumer demand for our products. Often, such concerns result in an
increase in near-term consumer demand and subsequent softening of demand when such concerns subside. We believe that one of the
reasons our sales went down in the year ended March 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2022 was due to decreased
demand. We believe there was heightened demand for our products during the year ended March 31, 2022 due to the pandemic and the
political environment. Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may negatively impact operating results and cash flow. 

Federal
and state legislatures frequently consider legislation relating to the regulation of firearms, including amendment or repeal of existing
legislation. Existing laws may also be affected by future judicial rulings and interpretations. If restrictive changes to legislation
develop, we could find it difficult, expensive, or even impossible to comply with them, impeding new product development and distribution
of existing products. 

11 

War, terrorism, other acts of violence
or natural or manmade disasters, such as a global pandemic, may affect the markets in which the Company operates, the Company s
customers, the Company s delivery of products and customer service, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results
of operations, or financial condition. 

The Company s business and
supply chain has been adversely affected by instability, disruption or destruction in a geographic region in which it operates, regardless
of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest, and natural or manmade disasters, including famine, food,
fire, earthquake, storm or pandemic events and spread of disease. 

In building our main
new manufacturing facility in Manitowoc, Wisconsin, the delivery of some of the main components needed in the building process were delayed
due to supply chain disruptions. These delays caused our manufacturing capacity to be lower than it otherwise would have been causing
a drop in sales in the year ended March 31, 2023, but have since been corrected. 

Such events may cause customers
to suspend their decisions on using the Company s products and services, make it impossible to access some of our inventory, and
give rise to sudden significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles that could interfere with purchases of goods
or services and commitments to develop new products and services. These events also pose significant risks to the Company s personnel
and to physical facilities, transportation and operations, which could materially adversely affect the Company s financial results. 

Any significant disruption to communications and travel, including travel
restrictions and other potential protective quarantine measures against a pandemic by governmental agencies, could make it difficult for
the Company to deliver goods services to its customers. War, riots, or other disasters may increase the need for our products and demand
by our government and military and may make it more difficult to provide our products to other customers. 

Worldwide
economic and social instability could adversely affect our revenue, financial condition, or results of operations. 

The
health of the global economy, and the credit markets and the financial services industry in particular, as well as the stability of the
social fabric of our society, affects our business and operating results. For example, the credit and financial markets may be adversely
affected by the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine and measures taken in response thereto. If the credit markets are not favorable,
we may be unable to raise additional financing when needed or on favorable terms. Our customers may experience financial difficulties
or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which may adversely impact their ability to purchase our products or to pay for
our products on a timely basis, if at all. 

We are engaged in legal proceedings that could
cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management s time and attention. 

On September 24, 2019, the Company
received notice that an individual who was former member of the Board of Directors (the Board who had been removed as a
director by majority vote of the stockholders and who had voluntarily resigned as an employee filed a complaint against the Company, and
certain individuals (the Complaint ), with the U.S. Department of Labor DOL ). The Complaint alleges that the
individual reported potential violations of SEC rules and regulations by management and that as a result of such reports, the individual
experienced a hostile work environment; that the Company lacks sufficient internal controls, and that the individual was the victim of
retaliation and constructive discharge after being removed as a director by majority vote of the stockholders. The claims were investigated
by a Special Committee of the Board made up of independent directors represented by independent legal counsel. The Special Investigative
Committee and legal counsel found the material claims were unsubstantiated, including those concerning alleged SEC violations, and recommended
enhancements to certain corporate governance charter documents and processes which the Company promptly implemented. The parties participated
in a successful mediation at the end of June 2022 and all matters relating to this former employee/claimant were confidentially resolved
with the lawsuit dismissed with prejudice. The settlement was covered by our Employment Practices Liability Policy and did not amount
to a material amount. 

On April 30, 2023,
Director and shareholder Steve Urvan filed suit in the Delaware Chancery Court against the Company, certain Directors, former directors,
employees, former employees and consultants, seeking rescission of the Company s acquisition of GunBroker.com and certain affiliated
companies. Plaintiff Urvan s claims include rescission, misrepresentation and fraud. The Company is currently in communications
with its insurance carriers as concerns coverage (defense and indemnification), has engaged counsel and formal/legal service of process
is being coordinated at this time. The Company and named defendants are in alignment and reasonably believe at this date that
the claims are without merit and the Company has engaged Delaware Chancery Court litigation specialists to defend its interests in all
respects in this case. 

The claims made by Mr. Urvan and such other litigation or claims that may
be made against the Company or its officers or directors, from time to time, could negatively affect our business, operations or financial
position. As we grow, we will likely see a rise in the number of litigation matters against us. These matters may include employment and
labor claims, product liability, and other claims related to our products, as well as consumer and securities class actions, each of which
are typically expensive to defend. Litigation disputes could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and otherwise occupy a significant
amount of our management s time and attention, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. 

12 

An
inability to expand our E-commerce business could reduce our future growth. 

Consumers
are increasingly purchasing products online. We operate direct-to-consumer e-commerce stores to maintain an online presence with our
end users. The future success of our online operations depends on our ability to use our marketing resources to communicate with existing
and potential customers. We face competitive pressure to offer promotional discounts, which could impact our gross margin and increase
our marketing expenses. We are limited, however, in our ability to fully respond to competitor price discounting because we cannot market
our products at prices that may produce adverse relationships with our customers that operate brick and mortar locations as they may
perceive themselves to be at a disadvantage based on lower e-commerce pricing to end consumers. There is no assurance that we will be
able to successfully expand our e-commerce business to respond to shifting consumer traffic patterns and direct-to-consumer buying trends. 

In
addition, e-commerce and direct-to-consumer operations are subject to numerous risks, including implementing and maintaining appropriate
technology to support business strategies; reliance on third-party computer hardware/software and service providers; data breaches; violations
of state, federal or international laws, including those relating to online privacy; credit card fraud; telecommunication failures; electronic
break-ins and similar disruptions; and disruption of Internet service. Our inability to adequately respond to these risks and uncertainties
or to successfully maintain and expand our direct-to-consumer business may have an adverse impact on our business and operating results. 

The
GunBroker.com auction website facilitates the lawful sale of firearms, ammunition and accessories between listing sellers and interested
buyers and includes the direct transactional involvement of FFLs regulated by the ATF. A change in applicable federal or state law that
prohibited GunBroker.com from providing its facilitative auction platform services would have a direct substantial financial impact on
the operations and adverse effect on the continuity of operations. 

If
we are unable to protect our intellectual property, we may lose a competitive advantage or incur substantial litigation costs to protect
our rights. 

Our
future success depends upon our proprietary technology. Our protective measures, including patent and trade secret protection, may prove
inadequate to protect our proprietary rights. The right to stop others from misusing our trademarks, service marks, and patents in commerce
depends to some extent on our ability to show evidence of enforcement of our rights against such misuse in commerce. Our efforts to stop
improper use, if insufficient, may lead to loss of trademark and service mark rights, brand loyalty, and notoriety among our customers
and prospective customers. The scope of any patent that we have or may obtain may not prevent others from developing and selling competing
products. The validity and breadth of claims covered in technology patents involve complex legal and factual questions, and the resolution
of such claims may be highly uncertain, and expensive. In addition, our patents may be held invalid upon challenge, or others may claim
rights in or ownership of our patents. 

13 

We
may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims, which could cause us to incur litigation costs and divert management attention
from our business. 

Any
intellectual property infringement claims against us, with or without merit, could be costly and time-consuming to defend and divert
our management s attention from our business. If our products were found to infringe a third party s proprietary rights,
we could be required to enter into costly royalty or licensing agreements to be able to sell our products. Royalty and licensing agreements,
if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Breaches
of our information systems could adversely affect our reputation, disrupt our operations, and result in increased costs and loss sales. 

There
have been an increasing number of cyber security incidents affecting companies around the world, which have caused operational failures
or compromised sensitive corporate data. Although we do not believe our systems are at a greater risk of cyber security incidents than
other similar organizations, such cyber security incidents may result in the loss or compromise of customer, financial, or operational
data; disruption of billing, collections, or normal operating activities; disruption of electronic monitoring and control of operational
systems; and delays in financial reporting and other management functions. Possible impacts associated with a cyber security incident
may include among others, remediation costs related to lost, stolen, or compromised data; repairs to data processing systems; increased
cyber security protection costs; reputational damage; and adverse effects on our compliance with applicable privacy and other laws and
regulations. 

A
failure of our information technology systems, or an interruption in their operation due to internal or external factors including cyber-attacks,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our
operations depend on our ability to protect our information systems, computer equipment, and information databases from systems failures.
We rely on our information technology systems generally to manage the day-to-day operations of our business, operate elements of our
manufacturing facility, manage relationships with our customers, fulfill customer orders, and maintain our financial and accounting records.
Failure of our information technology systems could be caused by internal or external events, such as incursions by intruders or hackers,
computer viruses, cyber-attacks, failures in hardware or software, or power or telecommunication fluctuations or failures. The failure
of our information technology systems to perform as anticipated for any reason or any significant breach of security could disrupt our
business and result in numerous adverse consequences, including reduced effectiveness and efficiency of operations, increased costs,
or loss of important information, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial
condition. Any technology and information security processes and disaster recovery plans we use to mitigate our risk to these vulnerabilities
may not be adequate to ensure that our operations will not be disrupted should such an event occur. 

Risks
Related to Our Products and Our Dependence on Third Parties 

Our
success depends upon our ability to introduce new products that match customer preferences. 

Our
success depends upon our ability to introduce new products that match consumer preferences. Our efforts to introduce new products into
the market may not be successful, and any new products that we introduce may not result in customer or market acceptance. We develop
new products that we believe will match consumer preferences. The development of a new product is a lengthy and costly process and may
not result in a successful product. Failure to develop new products that are attractive to consumers could decrease our sales, operating
margins, and market share and could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

We
depend on the sale of our ammunition products. 

We
manufacture ammunition and ammunition casings for sale to a wide variety of consumers, including gun enthusiasts, collectors, hunters,
sportsmen, competitive shooters, individuals desiring home and personal protection, manufacturers, law enforcement and security agencies
and officers in the United States and throughout the world. The sale of ammunition and ammunition components is influenced by the sale
and usage of firearms. Sales of firearms are influenced by a variety of economic, social, and political factors, which may result in
volatile sales. Ammunition sales represented a substantial amount of our net sales for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021.
If ammunition sales decline, our financial results could be adversely impacted and the stock price of our Common Stock could decline. 

14 

Our manufacturing facilities are critical to our
success. 

Our manufacturing
operations are currently based out of two facilities in Manitowoc, Wisconsin and are critical to our success, as we currently
produce all of our products at these facilities. These facilities also house our principal research, development, engineering, and design
functions. 

Any event that causes a disruption to the operation of these facilities
for even a relatively short period of time would adversely affect our ability to produce and ship our products and to provide service
to our customers. We make certain changes in our manufacturing operations from time to time to enhance the facilities and associated equipment
and systems and to introduce certain efficiencies in manufacturing and other processes to produce our products in a more efficient and
cost-effective manner. We have incurred significant capital and other expenditures with respect to our 26 million manufacturing plant,
but we may not be successful in continuing to improve efficiencies. 

Shortages
of components and materials may delay or reduce our sales and increase our costs, thereby harming our results of operations. 

The
inability to obtain sufficient quantities of raw materials and components, including casings, primers, gun powder, projectiles, and brass
necessary for the production of our products could result in reduced or delayed sales or lost orders. Any delay in or loss of sales or
orders could adversely impact our operating results. Many of the materials used in the production of our products are available only
from a limited number of suppliers. We do not have long-term supply contracts with any suppliers. As a result, we could be subject to
increased costs, supply interruptions, and difficulties in obtaining raw materials and components. 

Our
reliance on third-party suppliers for various raw materials and components for our products exposes us to volatility in the availability,
quality, and price of these raw materials and components. Our orders with certain of our suppliers may represent a very small portion
of their total orders. As a result, they may not give priority to our business, leading to potential delays in or cancellation of our
orders. A disruption in deliveries from our third-party suppliers, capacity constraints, production disruptions, price increases, or
decreased availability of raw materials or commodities could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers
or increase our operating costs. Quality issues experienced by third party suppliers can also adversely affect the quality and effectiveness
of our products and result in liability and reputational harm. 

We
rely on third-party suppliers for most of our manufacturing equipment. 

We
also rely on third-party suppliers for most of the manufacturing equipment necessary to produce our products. The failure of suppliers
to supply manufacturing equipment in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms could delay our plans to expand our business
and otherwise disrupt our production schedules and increase our manufacturing costs. Our orders with certain of our suppliers may represent
a very small portion of their total orders. As a result, they may not give priority to our business, leading to potential delays in or
cancellation of our orders. If any single-source supplier were to fail to supply our needs on a timely basis or cease providing us with
manufacturing equipment or components, we would be required to locate and contract with substitute suppliers. We may have difficulty
identifying a substitute supplier in a timely manner and on commercially reasonable terms. If this were to occur, our business would
be harmed. In addition, adverse economic conditions, such as recent supply chain disruptions and labor shortages and persistent inflation,
have impacted, and may continue to adversely impact our suppliers ability to provide us with materials and components, which may
negatively impact our business. These economic conditions make it more difficult for us to accurately forecast and plan our future business
activities. 

Our
revenue depends primarily on sales by various retailers and distributors, some of which account for a significant portion of our sales. 

Our
loaded ammunition and munition components revenue depends on our sales through various leading national and regional retailers, local
specialty firearms stores, and online merchants. The U.S. retail industry serving the outdoor recreation market has become relatively
concentrated. Our sales could become increasingly dependent on purchases by several large retail customers. Consolidation in the retail
industry could also adversely affect our business. If our sales were to become increasingly dependent on business with several large
retailers, we could be adversely affected by the loss or a significant decline in sales to one or more of these customers. In addition,
our dependence on a smaller group of retailers could result in their increased bargaining position and pressures on the prices we charge. 

15 

The
loss of any one or more of our large or Big Box retail customers or significant or numerous cancellations, reductions,
delays in purchases or changes in business practices by our large or Big Box retail customers could have an adverse effect
on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

These
sales channels involve a number of special risks, including the following: 

we may be unable to secure
 and maintain favorable relationships with retailers and distributors; 

we may be unable to control
 the timing of delivery of our products to end-user consumers; 

our retailers and distributors
 are not subject to minimum sales requirements or any obligation to market our products to their customers; 

our retailers and distributors
 may terminate their relationships with us at any time; 

our retailers and distributors
 market and distribute competing products; and 

our retailers may experience
 closure due to COVID-19 outbreaks or other natural or manmade disasters in a particular region. 

We
have one customer that accounted for approximately 12 of our revenues for the years ended March 31, 2023 in comparison to two
customers that accounted for approximately 18 of our revenues for the year ended March 31, 2022 and one customer that
accounted for approximately 17 of our revenues for the year ended March 31, 2021. Although we intend to expand our customer base,
our revenue would likely decline if we lost any major customers or if one of these sizable customers were to significantly reduce
its orders for any reason. Because our sales are made by means of standard purchase orders rather than long-term contracts, we
cannot assure you that our customers will continue to purchase our products at current levels, or at all. 

In
addition, periods of sluggish economies and consumer uncertainty regarding future economic prospects in our key markets can have an adverse
effect on the financial health of our customers, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results,
and financial condition. 

General
inflation, including rising energy prices, and interest rates and wages could have negative impacts on our business by increasing our
operating costs and our borrowing costs as well as decreasing the capital available for our customers to purchase our products. General
inflation in the United States, Europe and other geographies has risen to levels not experienced in recent decades. Additionally, inflation
and price volatility may cause our customers to reduce use of our products would harm our business operations and financial position. 

We
extend credit to our customers for periods of varying duration based on an assessment of the customer s financial condition, generally
without requiring collateral, which increases our exposure to the risk of uncollectable receivables. In addition, we face increased risk
of order reduction or cancellation when dealing with financially ailing retailers or retailers struggling with economic uncertainty.
We may reduce our level of business with customers and distributors experiencing financial difficulties and may not be able to replace
that business with other customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Our
gross margins depend upon our sales mix. 

Our
gross margin is higher when our sales mix is skewed toward our higher-margin proprietary product lines versus a lower contribution from
mid-market ammunition that we also manufacture. If our actual sales mix results in a lower overall percentage from our proprietary lines,
our gross margins will be reduced, affecting our results of operations. 

We
face intense competition that could result in our losing or failing to gain market share and suffering reduced sales. 

We
operate in intensely competitive markets that are characterized by price erosion and competition from major domestic and international
companies. Competition in the markets in which we operate is based on a number of factors, including price, quality, product innovation,
performance, reliability, styling, product features, and warranties, and sales and marketing programs. This intense competition could
result in pricing pressures, lower sales, reduced margins, and lower market share. 

16 

Our
competitors include Federal Premium Ammunition, Remington Arms, the Winchester Ammunition Division of Olin Corporation, and various smaller
manufacturers and importers, including Black Hills Ammunition, CBC Group, Fiocchi Ammunition, Hornady, PMC, Rio Ammunition, and Wolf.
Most of our competitors have greater market recognition, larger customer bases, long-term government contracts, and substantially greater
financial, technical, marketing, distribution, and other resources than we possess and that afford them competitive advantages. As a
result, they may be able to devote greater resources to the promotion and sale of products, to invest more funds in intellectual property
and product development, to negotiate lower prices for raw materials and components, to deliver competitive products at lower prices,
and to introduce new products and respond to consumer requirements more quickly than we can. 

Our
competitors could introduce products with superior features at lower prices than our products and could also bundle existing or new products
with other more established products to compete with us. Certain of our competitors may be willing to reduce prices and accept lower
profit margins to compete with us. Our competitors could also gain market share by acquiring or forming strategic alliances with other
competitors. 

Finally,
we may face additional sources of competition in the future because new distribution methods offered by the Internet and electronic commerce
have removed many of the barriers to entry historically faced by start-up companies. Retailers also demand that suppliers reduce their
prices on products, which could lead to lower margins. Any of the foregoing effects could cause our sales to decline, which would harm
our financial position and results of operations. 

Our
ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, both within and outside our control. These factors include the following: 

our success in developing,
 producing, marketing, and successfully selling new products; 

our ability to address
 the needs of our consumer customers; 

the pricing, quality, performance,
 and reliability of our products; 

the quality of our customer
 service; 

the efficiency of our production;
 and 

product or technology introductions
 by our competitors. 

Because
we believe technological and functional distinctions among competing products in our markets are perceived by many end-user consumers
to be relatively modest, effectiveness in marketing and manufacturing are particularly important competitive factors in our business. 

Seasonality
and weather conditions may cause our operating results to vary from quarter to quarter. 

Because
many of our products are used for seasonal outdoor sporting activities, our operating results may be significantly impacted by unseasonable
weather conditions. Accordingly, our operating results could suffer when weather patterns do not conform to seasonal norms. 

Shipments
of ammunition for hunting are highest during the months of June through September to meet consumer demand for the fall hunting season
and holidays. The seasonality of our sales may change in the future. Seasonal variations in our operating
results may reduce our cash on hand, increase our inventory levels, and extend our accounts receivable collection periods. This in turn
may cause us to increase our debt levels and interest expense to fund our working capital requirements. 

17 

We
manufacture and sell products that create exposure to potential product liability, warranty liability, or personal injury claims and
litigation. 

Our
products are used in activities and situations that involve risk of personal injury and death. Our products expose us to potential product
liability, warranty liability, and personal injury claims and litigation relating to the use or misuse of our products, including allegations
of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product or activities associated with the
product, negligence, and strict liability. If successful, any such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, and financial condition. Defects in our products may result in a loss of sales, recall expenses, delay in market acceptance,
and damage to our reputation and increased warranty costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results,
and financial condition. Although we maintain product liability insurance in amounts that we believe are reasonable, we may not be able
to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms, if at all, in the future and product liability claims may exceed the amount of insurance
coverage or may not be covered by our insurance policies. In addition, our reputation may be adversely affected by such claims, whether
or not successful, including potential negative publicity about our products. 

Our
business is highly dependent upon our brand recognition and reputation, and the failure to maintain or enhance our brand recognition
or reputation would likely have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
brand recognition and reputation are critical aspects of our business. We believe that maintaining and further enhancing our brands,
particularly our STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION brands, and our reputation are critical to retaining existing customers and attracting
new customers. We also believe that the importance of our brand recognition and reputation will continue to increase as competition in
our markets continues to develop. 

We
anticipate that our advertising, marketing, and promotional efforts will increase in the foreseeable future as we continue to seek to
enhance our brands and consumer demand for our products. Historically, we have relied on print and electronic media advertising to increase
consumer awareness of our brands to increase purchasing intent and conversation. We anticipate that we will increasingly rely on other
forms of media advertising, including social media and e-marketing. Our future growth and profitability will depend in large part upon
the effectiveness and efficiency of our advertising, promotion, public relations, and marketing programs. These brand promotion activities
may not yield increased revenue and the efficacy of these activities will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to do
the following: 

determine the appropriate
 creative message and media mix for advertising, marketing, and promotional expenditures; 

select the right markets,
 media, and specific media vehicles in which to advertise; 

identify the most effective
 and efficient level of spending in each market, media, and specific media vehicle; and 

effectively manage marketing
 costs, including creative and media expenses, to maintain acceptable customer acquisition costs. 

In
addition, certain of our current or future products may benefit from endorsements and support from particular sportsmen, athletes, or
other celebrities, and those products and brands may become personally associated with those individuals. As a result, sales of the endorsed
products could be materially and adversely affected if any of those individuals images, reputations, or popularity were to be
negatively impacted. 

18 

Increases
in the pricing of one or more of our marketing and advertising channels could increase our marketing and advertising expenses or cause
us to choose less expensive but possibly less effective marketing and advertising channels. If we implement new marketing and advertising
strategies, we may incur significantly higher costs than our current channels, which in turn could adversely affect our operating results.
Implementing new marketing and advertising strategies also could increase the risk of devoting significant capital and other resources
to endeavors that do not prove to be cost effective. We also may incur marketing and advertising expenses significantly in advance of
the time we anticipate recognizing revenue associated with such expenses and our marketing and advertising expenditures may not generate
sufficient levels of brand awareness and conversation or result in increased revenue. Even if our marketing and advertising expenses
result in increased sales, the increase might not offset our related expenditures. If we are unable to maintain our marketing and advertising
channels on cost-effective terms or replace or supplement existing marketing and advertising channels with similarly or more effective
channels, our marketing and advertising expenses could increase substantially, our customer base could be adversely affected, and our
business, operating results, financial condition, and reputation could suffer. 

A
portion of our revenue is contingent on an exclusive license agreement with the University of Louisiana at Lafayette. 

A
significant portion of our revenue is attributable to the sale of our STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION . The manufacturing of
our STREAK product relies, in part, on a patent that is held by ULL. We have an exclusive license to use the licensed technology, derivative
and related technology worldwide. We may renew this license agreement for successive four-year periods provided we are in compliance
with the agreement. If we breach the license agreement, the licensor may terminate the agreement and if we fail to renew the license,
we may be unable to use the technology, which, in either case, could significantly harm our results of operations. 

Regulatory
Risks 

We
are subject to extensive regulation and could incur fines, penalties and other costs and liabilities under such requirements. 

Like
many other manufacturers and distributors of consumer products, we are required to comply with a wide variety of laws, rules, and regulations,
including those relating to labor, employment, the environment, the export and import of our products, and taxation. These laws, rules,
and regulations currently impose significant compliance requirements on our business, and more restrictive laws, rules and regulations
may be adopted in the future. 

Our
operations are subject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including those governing the discharge,
treatment, storage, transportation, remediation, and disposal of certain materials and wastes, and restoration of damages to the environment,
and health and safety matters. We could incur substantial costs, including remediation costs, resource restoration costs, fines, penalties,
and third-party property damage or personal injury claims as a result of liabilities under or violations of such laws and regulations
or the permits required thereunder. While environmental laws and regulations have not had a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results, financial condition, the ultimate cost of environmental liabilities is difficult to accurately predict and we could
incur material additional costs as a result of requirements or obligations imposed or liabilities identified in the future. 

As
a manufacturer and distributor of consumer products, we are subject to the Consumer Products Safety Act, which empowers the Consumer
Products Safety Commission to exclude from the market products that are found to be unsafe or hazardous. Under certain circumstances,
the Consumer Products Safety Commission could require us to repurchase or recall one or more of our products. In addition, laws regulating
certain consumer products exist in some cities and states, and in other countries in which we sell our products, and more restrictive
laws and regulations may be adopted in the future. Any repurchase or recall of our products could be costly to us and could damage our
reputation. If we were required to remove, or we voluntarily removed, our products from the market, our reputation could be tarnished,
and we could have large quantities of finished products that we are unable to sell. We are also subject to the rules and regulations
of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, or the ATF. If we fail to comply with ATF rules and regulations, the ATF
may limit our growth or business activities, levy fines against or revoke our license to do business. Our business, and the business
of all producers and marketers of ammunition and firearms, is also subject to numerous federal, state, local, and foreign laws, regulations,
and protocols. Applicable laws have the following effects: 

require the licensing of
 all persons manufacturing, exporting, importing, or selling firearms and ammunition as a business; 

19 

require background checks
 for purchasers of firearms; 

impose waiting periods
 between the purchase of a firearm and the delivery of a firearm; 

prohibit the sale of firearms
 to certain persons, such as those below a certain age and persons with criminal records; 

regulate the use and storage
 of gun powder or other energetic materials; 

regulate our employment
 of personnel with criminal convictions; and 

restrict access to firearm
 manufacturing facilities for individuals from other countries or with criminal convictions. 

Also,
the export of our products is controlled by International Traffic in Arms Regulations, or ITAR , and Export Administration
Regulations, or EAR . The ITAR implements the provisions of the Arms Export Control Act and is enforced by the U.S. Department
of State. The EAR implements the provisions of the Export Administration Act and is enforced by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Among
their many provisions, the ITAR and the EAR require a license application for the export of many of our products. In addition, the ITAR
requires congressional approval for any firearms export application with a total value of 1 million or higher. Further, because our
manufacturing process includes certain toxic, flammable and explosive chemicals, we are subject to the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism
Standards, as administered by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, which require that we take additional reporting and security
measures related to our manufacturing process. 

Several
states currently have laws in effect that are similar to, and, in certain cases, more restrictive than, these federal laws. Compliance
with all of these regulations is costly and time-consuming. Any violation of any of these regulations could cause us to incur fines and
penalties, may also lead to restrictions on our ability to manufacture and sell our products and services and to import or export the
products we sell and may cause our business to be harmed. 

Changes
in government policies and firearms legislation could adversely affect our financial results. 

The
sale, purchase, ownership, and use of firearms are subject to numerous and varied federal, state, and local governmental regulations.
Federal laws governing firearms include the National Firearms Act, the Federal Firearms Act, the Arms Export Control Act, and the Gun
Control Act of 1968. These laws generally govern the manufacture, import, export, sale, and possession of firearms and ammunition. We
hold all necessary licenses to legally sell ammunition in the United States. 

Currently,
the federal legislature and several state legislatures are considering additional legislation relating to the regulation of firearms
and ammunition. These proposed bills are extremely varied. If enacted, such legislation could effectively ban or severely limit the sale
of affected firearms and ammunition. In addition, if such restrictions are enacted and are incongruent, we could find it difficult, expensive,
or even practically impossible to comply with them, which could impede new product development and the distribution of existing products.
We cannot assure you that the regulation of our business activities will not become more restrictive in the future and that any such
restriction will not have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Any
adverse change to the interpretations of the Second Amendment (Right to Bear Arms) could impact our ability to conduct business by restricting
the ownership and use of firearms in the United States. 

20 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

Our
shares are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market; however, if we fail to comply with Nasdaq s rules for continued listing or other
requirements, our shares may be delisted. 

Our
Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbol POWW. If we fail to comply
with Nasdaq s rules for continued listing, including, without limitation, minimum market capitalization and other requirements,
Nasdaq may take steps to delist our shares. Failure to maintain our Nasdaq listing would make it more difficult for shareholders to sell
our Common Stock and more difficult to obtain accurate price quotations on our Common Stock. The delisting of our shares could have an
adverse effect on the price of our Common Stock. Our ability to issue additional securities for financing or other purposes, or otherwise
to arrange for any financing we may need in the future, may also be materially and adversely affected if our Common Stock is not traded
on a national securities exchange. 

The
exercise of warrants, and issuance of incentive stock grants may have a dilutive effect on our stock, and negatively impact the price
of our Common Stock. 

As
of June 9, 2023, we had 2,460,946 warrants outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of 2.46. As of June 9, 2023, there were
no options outstanding and 1,428,659 shares of Common Stock are reserved for future issuance under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. We
plan to adopt a new Incentive Stock Plan designed to assist us in attracting, motivating, retaining, and rewarding high-quality executives,
directors, officers, employees, and individual consultants by enabling such persons to acquire or increase a proprietary interest in
our company to strengthen the mutuality of interests between such persons and our stockholders and providing such persons with performance
incentives to expand their maximum efforts in the creation of stockholder value under the plan. We will be able to grant stock options,
restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, bonus stocks, and performance awards under the plan. 

To
the extent that any of the outstanding warrants and future options are exercised, dilution to the interests of our stockholders may occur.
For the life of such warrants and options, the holders will have the opportunity to profit from a rise in the price of the Common Stock
with a resulting dilution in the interest of the other holders of Common Stock. The existence of such warrants and options may adversely
affect the market price of our Common Stock. 

Our
management has concluded that we have material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting and that our disclosure controls
and procedures are not effective. If we fail to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately
report our financial results or prevent financial fraud. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our
financial reporting. 

As
a public company, we are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Section 404
requires us to include management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the
end of the fiscal year in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. This report must also include disclosure of any material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting that we have identified. 

During
the audit of our financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023, our management identified material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting. The Company failed to maintain an effective control environment due to the following: 

the
 Company s management and the governance did not maintain appropriately designed entity-level
 controls impacting the control environment to prevent or detect material misstatements to
 the consolidated financial statements. These deficiencies were attributed to limited personnel
 to assist with the accounting and financial reporting function and inadequate oversight and
 accountability over the performance of control activities, including establishment of a Whistleblower
 Hotline and lack of formalization of certain key governance elements: management delegation,
 annual board committee charter review, acknowledgement of code of conduct, and approval of
 the annual budget; 

the
 Company failed to maintain properly designed segregation of duties, both within manual processes
 and system access; 

the
 Company failed to maintain effectively designed controls over journal entries, both recurring
 and nonrecurring, account reconciliations, and periodic flux analysis. Journal entries were
 not always accompanied by sufficient supporting documentation and were not adequately reviewed
 and approved for validity, completeness, and accuracy. In most instances, persons responsible
 for reviewing journal entries and account reconciliations for validity, completeness, and
 accuracy were also responsible for preparation. 

the
 Company failed to maintain effectively designed controls over the period-end financial reporting
 process, including adequate tie-out and review of documentation that supports the financial
 statements; and 

the Company failed to maintain effectively designed controls over information
technology general controls in the areas of user provisioning and de-provisioning, application
change management, operating system and logical access controls, and segregation of duties for information technology IT systems that supports the Company s financial reporting process. 

These material weaknesses, if not remediated, create an increased risk of misstatement of the Company s
financial results, which, if material, may require future restatement thereof. A failure to implement improved internal controls, or
difficulties encountered in their implementation or execution, could cause future delays in our reporting obligations and could have
a negative effect on us and the trading price of our Common Stock. If these weaknesses and inadequate disclosure controls and procedures
continue, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and other disclosures. 

21 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable
financial reports or prevent fraud, we could be subject to regulatory action or other litigation and our operating results could be harmed. 

General
Risk Factors 

Our
operating results may experience significant fluctuations. 

Many
factors can contribute to significant fluctuations in our results of operations. These factors include the following: 

the cyclicality of the
 markets we serve; 

the timing and size of
 new orders; 

the cancellation of existing
 orders; 

the volume of orders relative
 to our capacity; 

product introductions and
 market acceptance of new products or new generations of products; 

timing of expenses in anticipation
 of future orders; 

changes in product mix; 

availability of production
 capacity; 

changes in cost and availability
 of labor and raw materials; 

timely delivery of products
 to customers; 

pricing and availability
 of competitive products; 

new product introduction
 costs; 

changes in the amount or
 timing of operating expenses; 

introduction of new technologies
 into the markets we serve; 

pressures on reducing selling
 prices; 

our success in serving
 new markets; 

adverse publicity regarding
 the safety, performance, and use of our products; 

the institution and adverse
 outcome of any litigation; 

political, economic, or
 regulatory developments; 

changes in economic conditions;
 and 

natural and manmade disasters,
 including COVID-19. 

22 

As
a result of these and other factors, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations may not be meaningful
in the short term, and our performance in a particular period may not be indicative of our performance in any future period. 

We
may not be able to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs. 

In
the future, we may require additional capital to fund the planned expansion of our business and to respond to business opportunities,
challenges, potential acquisitions, or unforeseen circumstances. We could encounter unforeseen difficulties that may deplete our capital
resources rapidly, which could require us to seek additional financing in the near future. The timing and amount of any additional financing
that is required to continue the expansion of our business and the marketing of our products will depend on our ability to improve our
operating results and other factors. We may not be able to secure additional debt or equity financing on a timely basis or on favorable
terms, or at all. Such financing could result in substantial dilution of the equity interests of existing stockholders. If we are unable
to secure any necessary additional financing, we may need to delay expansion plans, conserve cash, and reduce operating expenses. There
is no assurance that any additional financing will be sufficient, that the financing will be available on terms favorable to us or to
existing stockholders and at such times as required, or that we will be able to obtain the additional financing required for the continued
operation and growth of our business. Any debt financing obtained by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to
our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional
capital and to pursue business opportunities. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity, convertible debt securities,
or other securities convertible into equity, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution in their percentage ownership
of our company, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of holders of our
Common Stock. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability
to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. 

Our
charter documents and Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us and discourage a takeover. 

Our
certificate of incorporation, bylaws, and Delaware law contain certain provisions that may have the effect of deterring or discouraging,
among other things, a non-negotiated tender or exchange offer for shares of Common Stock, a proxy contest for control of our company,
the assumption of control of our company by a holder of a large block of Common Stock, and the removal of the management of our company.
Such provisions also may have the effect of deterring or discouraging a transaction which might otherwise be beneficial to stockholders.
Our certificate of incorporation also may authorize our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue one or more series
of preferred stock, which could have voting and conversion rights that adversely affect or dilute the voting power of the holders of
Common Stock. Delaware law also imposes conditions on certain business combination transactions with interested stockholders. 
Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to fill vacancies or newly created directorships. A majority of the
directors then in office may elect a successor to fill any vacancies or newly created directorships. Such provisions could limit the
price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our Common Stock and impede the ability of the stockholders
to replace management. 

The
elimination of monetary liability against our directors, officers, and employees under Delaware law and the existence of indemnification
rights to our directors, officers, and employees may result in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage lawsuits against our
directors, officers, and employees. We also may have entered into contractual indemnification obligations under employment agreements
with our executive officers. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in our incurring substantial expenditures to cover
the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors and officers, which we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant
costs may also discourage us from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties and may
similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders against our directors and officers even though such actions,
if successful, might otherwise benefit our company and our stockholders. 

23 

Our
certification of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for actions
or proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could discourage claims or limit stockholders ability to make
a claim against the Company, our directors, officers, and employees. 

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation states that unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial)
to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) an action asserting a claim of breach of
fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders,
(iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers, or employees arising pursuant to any provision of
the Delaware General Corporation Law or the Corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting
a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers, or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each
of (i) through (iv) above, any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to
the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of
Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than
the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. 

These
exclusive forum provisions do not apply to claims under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The exclusive forum provision may discourage
claims or limit stockholders ability to submit claims in a judicial forum that they find favorable and may create additional costs
as a result. If a court were to determine the exclusive forum provision to be inapplicable and unenforceable in an action, we may incur
additional costs in conjunction with our efforts to resolve the dispute in an alternative jurisdiction, which could have a negative impact
on our results of operations. 

Risks
Related to our Series A Preferred Stock 

The
Series A Preferred Stock ranks junior to all of our indebtedness and other liabilities. 

In
the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our affairs, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled
to receive any of our assets remaining only after all of our indebtedness and other liabilities have been paid. The rights of holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock to participate in the distribution of our assets will rank junior to the prior claims of our current
and future creditors and any future series or class of preferred stock we may issue that ranks senior to the Series A Preferred Stock.
Also, the Series A Preferred Stock effectively ranks junior to all existing and future indebtedness and to the indebtedness and other
liabilities of our existing subsidiaries and any future subsidiaries. Our existing subsidiaries are, and future subsidiaries would be,
separate legal entities and have no legal obligation to pay any amounts to us in respect of dividends due on the Series A Preferred Stock.
If we are forced to liquidate our assets to pay our creditors, we may not have sufficient assets to pay amounts due on any or all of
the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding. We have incurred and may in the future incur substantial amounts of debt and other obligations
that will rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock. At March 31, 2023, our total liabilities equaled approximately 38.9 million. 

Certain
of our existing or future debt instruments may restrict the authorization, payment or setting apart of dividends on the Series A Preferred
Stock. Also, future offerings of debt or senior equity securities may adversely affect the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock.
If we decide to issue debt or senior equity securities in the future, it is possible that these securities will be governed by an indenture
or other instruments containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities
that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of the Series A Preferred Stock and
may result in dilution to owners of the Series A Preferred Stock. We and, indirectly, our shareholders, will bear the cost of issuing
and servicing such securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions
and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. The holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock will bear the risk of our future offerings, which may reduce the market price of the Series A Preferred
Stock and will dilute the value of their holdings in us. 

24 

The
trading market for the Series A preferred stock may not provide investors with adequate liquidity. 

The
Series A Preferred Stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol POWWP. We cannot assure you that holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock will be able to sell their shares at favorable prices or at all. The difference between bid and ask prices in any secondary
market for the Series A Preferred Stock could be substantial. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the liquidity of, or trading
markets for, the Series A Preferred Stock, and holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may be required to bear the financial risks of
an investment in the Series A Preferred Stock for an indefinite period of time. 

We
may issue additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock and additional series of preferred stock that rank on parity with the Series
A Preferred Stock as to dividend rights, rights upon liquidation or voting rights. 

We
are allowed to issue additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock and additional series of preferred stock that would rank junior to
the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividend payments and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs pursuant
to our certificate of incorporation and the certificate of designations relating to the Series A Preferred Stock without any vote of
the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. The issuance of additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock and additional series of preferred
stock that have been authorized pursuant to our certificate of incorporation and the certificate of designations could have the effect
of reducing the amounts available to the Series A Preferred Stock upon our liquidation or dissolution or the winding up of our affairs.
It also may reduce dividend payments on the Series A Preferred Stock if we do not have sufficient funds to pay dividends on all Series
A Preferred Stock outstanding and other classes or series of stock with greater or equal priority with respect to dividends. 

Also,
although holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to limited voting rights, as described in this prospectus supplement under
 Description of the Series A Preferred Stock Voting Rights, with respect to the circumstances under which the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, the Series A Preferred Stock votes separately as a class along with all other series
of our preferred stock that we may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable. As a result, the voting
rights of holders of Series A Preferred Stock may be significantly diluted, and the holders of such other series of preferred stock that
we may issue may be able to control or significantly influence the outcome of any vote. 

Future
issuances and sales of senior or pari passu preferred stock, or the perception that such issuances and sales could occur, may cause prevailing
market prices for the Series A Preferred Stock and our Common Stock to decline and may adversely affect our ability to raise additional
capital in the financial markets at times and prices favorable to us. 

Market
interest rates may materially and adversely affect the value of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

One
of the factors that influences the price of the Series A Preferred Stock is the dividend yield on the Series A Preferred Stock (as a
percentage of the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock) relative to market interest rates. An increase in market interest rates,
which in recent years have been at low levels relative to historical rates, may lead prospective purchasers of the Series A Preferred
Stock to expect a higher dividend yield (and higher interest rates would likely increase our borrowing costs and potentially decrease
funds available for dividend payments). Thus, higher market interest rates could cause the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock
to materially decrease. 

25 

We
may not be able to pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock if we have insufficient cash to make dividend payments. 

Our
ability to pay cash dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock requires us to have either net profits or positive net assets (total assets
less total liabilities) over our capital, to be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business. Further, notwithstanding
these factors, we may not have sufficient cash to pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. Our ability to pay dividends may be
impaired if any of the risks described in this prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference herein, were to occur. Also,
payment of our dividends depends upon our financial condition and other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time
to time. We cannot assure you that our businesses will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be
available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make distributions on our Common Stock, if any, and preferred stock, including
the Series A Preferred Stock to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. 

Dividends
or other payments with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where we are not
obliged to make gross up payments, and this could result in holders receiving less than expected in such circumstances. 

In
the event of certain changes to current tax law that require tax to be withheld from dividends or other payments on the Series A Preferred
Stock, we are not required to make gross up payments in respect of such taxes. This would result in holders of Series A Preferred Stock
receiving less than expected and could materially adversely affect the return on your investment. 

Our
Series A Preferred Stock has not been rated. 

We
have not sought to obtain a rating for the Series A Preferred Stock. No assurance can be given, however, that one or more rating agencies
might not independently determine to issue such a rating or that such a rating, if issued, would not adversely affect the market price
of the Series A Preferred Stock. Also, we may elect in the future to obtain a rating for the Series A Preferred Stock, which could adversely
affect the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock. Ratings only reflect the views of the rating agency or agencies issuing the
ratings and such ratings could be revised downward, placed on a watch list or withdrawn entirely at the discretion of the issuing rating
agency if in its judgment circumstances so warrant. Any such downward revision, placing on a watch list or withdrawal of a rating could
have an adverse effect on the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

We
may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. 

On
or after May 18, 2026, we may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time.
Also, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined below under Description of the Series A Preferred Stock - Redemption ),
we may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change
of Control occurred. We may have an incentive to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock voluntarily if market conditions allow us to issue
other preferred stock or debt securities at a rate that is lower than the dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock. If we redeem the
Series A Preferred Stock, then from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
the shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights as a holder of those shares will terminate,
except the right to receive the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, payable upon redemption. 

The
market price of the Series A Preferred Stock could be substantially affected by various factors. 

The
market price of the Series A Preferred Stock depends on many factors, which may change from time to time, including: 

prevailing interest rates,
 increases in which may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock; 

trading prices of similar
 securities; 

our history of timely dividend
 payments; 

the annual yield from dividends
 on the Series A Preferred Stock as compared to yields on other financial instruments; 

general economic and financial
 market conditions; 

26 

government action or regulation; 

the financial condition,
 performance and prospects of us and our competitors; 

changes in financial estimates
 or recommendations by securities analysts with respect to us or our competitors in our industry; 

our issuance of additional
 preferred equity or debt securities; and 

actual or anticipated variations
 in quarterly operating results of us and our competitors. 

As
a result of these and other factors, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may experience a decrease, which could be substantial and
rapid, in the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. 

A
holder of Series A Preferred Stock has extremely limited voting rights. 

The
voting rights for a holder of Series A Preferred Stock are limited. Our shares of Common Stock are the only class of our securities that
carry full voting rights. Voting rights for holders of the Series A Preferred Stock exist primarily with respect to the ability to elect,
voting together with the holders of any other series of our preferred stock having similar voting rights, two additional directors to
our board of directors, subject to limitations described in this prospectus supplement entitled Description of the Series A Preferred
Stock Voting Rights, in the event that dividends payable on the Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears for four or more
consecutive or non-consecutive quarterly dividend periods, and with respect to voting on amendments to our certificate of incorporation
or certificate of designations relating to the Series A Preferred Stock that materially and adversely affect the rights of the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock or authorize, increase or create additional classes or series of our capital stock that are senior to the
Series A Preferred Stock. Other than the limited circumstances described in the prospectus and except to the extent required by law,
holders of Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights. Please see the section in this prospectus supplement entitled Description
of the Series A Preferred Stock Voting Rights. 

The
Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible, and investors will not realize a corresponding upside if the price of the Common Stock increases. 

The
Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into the Common Stock and earns dividends at a fixed rate. Accordingly, an increase in market
price of our Common Stock will not necessarily result in an increase in the market price of our Series A Preferred Stock. The market
value of the Series A Preferred Stock may depend more on dividend and interest rates for other preferred stock, commercial paper and
other investment alternatives and our actual and perceived ability to pay dividends on, and in the event of dissolution satisfy the liquidation
preference with respect to, the Series A Preferred Stock. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
executive offices are located in Scottsdale, Arizona where we lease approximately 21,000 square feet under a month-to-month triple net
lease for approximately 20,000 per month. This space houses our principal executive, administration, and marketing functions. 

27 

We
lease a 10,000 square foot facility located in Atlanta, Georgia for approximately 19,000 per month. This space houses our GunBroker.com
offices and operations. 

We
lease a 36,000 square foot facility located in Manitowoc, Wisconsin for approximately 10,000 per month. We utilize this facility for
manufacturing and packaging. 

We
lease a 5,000 square foot facility located in Marietta, Georgia for approximately 3,000 per month. The purpose of this space is for
warehousing related to our GunBroker.com operations. 

We
own a 185,000 square foot facility in Manitowoc, Wisconsin. Since our second fiscal quarter in the year ended March 31, 2023, we have
utilized this facility for ammunition and casing manufacturing, research
and development, packing, and shipping activities. A portion of this facility was financed by our Construction Loan. The terms of the
Construction Loan are documented in Note 11 of our financial statements. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are involved in or subject to, or may become involved in or subject to, routine litigation, claims, disputes, proceedings and investigations
in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of lawsuits and other proceedings against us cannot be predicted with certainty,
in the opinion of management, individually or in the aggregate, no such lawsuits are expected to have a material effect on our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. We record accruals for contingencies when it is probable that a liability will be incurred
and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. 

Please
reference the Contingencies section of Note 2 of our Financial Statements for additional disclosure. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

None. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock has been listed on Nasdaq since December 1, 2020 and is trading on Nasdaq under the symbol POWW . 

Holders
of Common Equity 

As
of June 9, 2023, there were 117,580,758 shares of 0.001 par value Common Stock outstanding and there were approximately
290 holders of record. 

Dividend
Information 

We
have never declared or paid dividends on our Common Stock. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board
of Directors after taking into account various factors, including the terms of any credit arrangements, our financial condition, operating
results, current and anticipated cash needs and plans for expansion. At the present time, we intend to retain any earnings in our business,
and therefore do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. We paid preferred dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock
in the amount of 3.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

We
currently have 0.1 million of unpaid accrued dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock as of the date of this filing. Accordingly, we
may not be able to declare a dividend on our Common Stock unless full cumulative dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock have been
or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared. 

28 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth information as of March 31, 2023 with respect to our compensation plans under which equity securities may
be issued. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number
 of Securities 
 to
 be Issued 
 upon
 Exercise 
 of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, 
 Warrants 
 and
 Rights 

Weighted- 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price
 of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, 
 Warrants 
 and
 Rights 

Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Remaining 
 Available
 for 
 Future
 Issuance 
 under
 Equity 
 Compensation 
 Plans 
 (Excluding 
 Securities 
 Reflected
 in 
 Column
 (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

2017 Equity
 Incentive Plan 

- 

- 

1,946,929 

Total 

- 

- 

1,946,929 

Transfer
Agent 

We
have appointed Securities Transfer Corporation STC as the transfer agent for our Common Stock and Series A Preferred
Stock. The principal office of STC is located at 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380 Plano, Texas 75093, and its telephone number is (469)
633-0101. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuers
Repurchase of Equity Securities 

On
February 8, 2022, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to 30 million of our
outstanding common stock. On March 28, 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized the extension of our repurchase program
until February 2024. 

The
following table summarizes our share repurchases under our repurchase program for our fourth fiscal quarter of our 2023 fiscal year: 

Period 
 Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Repurchased 
 Average 
 Price Paid 
 per Share 
 Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Repurchased 
 as Part of 
 Publicly Announced 
 Plan or 
 Programs 
 Maximum 
Number of 
Shares that 
may yet be 
 Repurchased 
Under the 
Plan or 
Programs (1) 

March 2023 
 118,328 
 1.93 
 118,328 

Total 
 118,328 
 - 
 118,328 
 14,963,235 

(1) As
 reported on the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 6, 2022,
 we initiated our Common Stock share repurchase program in December of 2022. We previously
 reported the repurchase of 150,000 shares of our Common Stock under this plan. The maximum number of shares that may yet be repurchased included herein
is determined based on the closing price of our Common Stock of 1.97 on March 31, 2023. This amount may change based on the price that
our Common Stock trades at. 

As of June 9, 2023, approximately 1 million shares have been repurchased
in total. The current plan is in effect until February 2024 and the remaining funds available to the Company pursuant to the repurchase
plan is approximately 28 million. 

Performance Graph 

The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return of our common stock (Nasdaq:
POWW) in comparison to the cumulative total return of the NASDAQ Capital Market Composite NASDAQ CMC and the Russell 2000
Index Russell 2000 for the period from March 31, 2018 through March 31, 2023. The graph assumes an investment of 100
in our common stock and in each of the indexes on March 31, 2018. The
calculation of cumulative stockholder return on the NASDAQ CMC and Russell 2000 include reinvestment of dividends, but the calculation
of cumulative stockholder return on our common stock does not include reinvestment of dividends because we did not pay any dividends during
the measurement period. The performance shown is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

Not
required. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

This
document contains certain forward-looking statements . All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections of earnings, revenue
or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies, goals and objectives of management for future operations; any statements
concerning proposed new products and services or developments thereof; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance;
any statements or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. 

29 

Forward
looking statements may include the words may, could, estimate, intend, continue, 
 believe, expect, or anticipate, or other similar words, or the negative thereof. These forward-looking
statements present our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We do not undertake to update
forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the dates they are made. You should, however,
consult further disclosures and risk factors we included in the section titled Risk Factors contained herein. 

Overview 

AMMO,
Inc., owner of the GunBroker.com Marketplace, the largest online marketplace serving the firearms and shooting sports industries, and
a vertically integrated producer of high-performance ammunition and premium components began its operations in 2016. 

Through
our GunBroker.com Marketplace segment (acquired in April 2021), we allow third party sellers to list items consisting of firearms, hunting
gear, fishing equipment, outdoor gear, collectibles, and much more on our site, while facilitating compliance with federal and state
laws that govern the sale of firearms and restricted items. This allows our base of over 7.6 million users to follow ownership policies
and regulations through our network of over 35,000 federally licensed firearms dealers as transfer agents. The nature and operation of
the Marketplace as an online auction and sales platform also affords our Company a unique view into the total domestic market for the
purpose of understanding sales trends at a granular level across all elements of the outdoor sports and shooting space. Our vision is
to expand the services on GunBroker.com and to become a peer to those in our industry. In the short term, we will be implementing the
following services; 

Payment Processing - facilitating payment between parties allowing sellers of all sizes to offer fast and secure electronic payments
and allowing buyers to experience the ease of using a single form of payment for all items purchased, 

Carting Ability - allowing our buyers to purchase multiple items from multiple sellers at one point in time, and, 

GunBroker.com Analytics through the compilation and refinement of vast Marketplace data, we plan to offer domestic market analytics
to our industry peers to allow them to better manage their businesses. 

Through
our Ammunition segment, we are tailoring our focus to build a new future for our manufacturing operations focused on premium pistol and
rifle ammunition and supporting industry partners for manufactured components. We will continue to leverage our proprietary brands like
Streak Visual Ammunition TM and Stelth subsonic ammunition and extend our product offering with premium rifle lines and brands
that complement our technologically innovative heritage. We also continue to ensure dynamic performance under the exacting standards
of the US military complex in support of our cutting-edge developmental ammunition programs as we seek out and effectively execute upon
new governmental-based opportunities. 

Results
of Operations 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide our financial statements with a narrative
from the perspective of management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect
our future results. The following information should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in
this Annual Report beginning on page F-1 . 

Fiscal Year 2023 Compared to Fiscal Year 2022 

Our
financial results for the year ended March 31, 2023 r eflect our newly positioned organization as
we transition into our new manufacturing facility. We believe that we have hired a strong team of professionals, developed innovative
products, and continue to raise capital sufficient to establish our presence as a high-quality ammunition provider and marketplace. We
continue to focus on growing our top line revenue and streamlining our operations. We continue to focus on growing our top line
revenue, and streamlining our operations. We experienced a 20.3 decrease in our Net Revenues for the year ended March 31, 2023 compared
with the year ended March 31, 2022. This was the result of decreased ammunition sales due to changes in market demand. 

30 

The
following table presents summarized financial information taken from our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended March
31, 2023 compared with the year ended March 31, 2022: 

For the Year Ended 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 

Net Sales 
 191,439,801 
 240,269,166 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 136,031,204 
 151,505,657 
 
 Gross Margin 
 55,408,597 
 88,763,509 
 
 Sales, General Administrative Expenses 
 58,667,516 
 51,614,147 
 
 Income (loss) from Operations 
 (3,258,919 
 37,149,362 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Other income (expense) 
 (606,881 
 (615,957 
 
 Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 
 (3,865,800 
 36,533,405 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 730,238 
 3,285,969 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 (4,596,038 
 33,247,436 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures 

We
analyze operational and financial data to evaluate our business, allocate our resources, and assess our performance. In addition to total
net sales, net loss, and other results under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ), the
following information includes key operating metrics and non-GAAP financial measures we use to evaluate our business. We believe these
measures are useful for period-to-period comparisons of the Company. We have included these non-GAAP financial measures in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q because they are key measures we use to evaluate our operational performance, produce future strategies for our operations,
and make strategic decisions, including those relating to operating expenses and the allocation of our resources. Accordingly, we believe
these measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner
as our management and board of directors. 

Adjusted
EBITDA 

For the 
 For the 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 

Reconciliation of GAAP net income to Adjusted EBITDA 

Net Income (Loss) 
 (4,596,038 
 33,247,436 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 730,238 
 3,285,969 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 17,519,949 
 17,339,093 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 632,062 
 637,797 
 
 Employee stock awards 
 5,807,779 
 5,759,000 
 
 Stock grants 
 179,094 
 252,488 
 
 Stock for services 
 - 
 4,200 
 
 Warrants issued for services 
 213,819 
 718,045 
 
 Contingent consideration fair value 
 (63,764 
 (385,750 
 
 Other income 
 (25,181 
 (21,840 
 
 Proxy contest fees (1) 
 4,724,385 
 - 
 
 Other nonrecurring expenses (2) 
 1,248,865 
 - 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 26,371,208 
 60,836,438 

(1) 
 Includes
proxy contest fees of 910,000 for Employee Stock Awards issued as a result of the Settlement Agreement as discussed in Note 16 of our
financial statements. 
 
 (2) 
 Other nonrecurring expenses consist of professional and legal fees that
are nonrecurring in nature. 

Adjusted
EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measures that displays our net loss, adjusted to eliminate the effect of certain items as described below. 

31 

We
have excluded the following non-cash expenses from our non-GAAP financial measures: provision or benefit for income taxes, depreciation
and amortization, share-based or warrant-based compensation expenses, and changes to the contingent consideration fair value. We believe
it is useful to exclude these non-cash expenses because the amount of such expenses in any specific period may not directly correlate
to the underlying performance of our business operations. 

Adjusted
EBITDA as a non-GAAP financial measure also excludes other cash interest income and expense, and non-recurring expenses incurred as a
result of a proxy contest as these items are not components of our core operations. 

We
have modified our Adjusted EBITDA calculation in the current period to remove the adjustment for Excise Taxes as we believe this is a
better representation of our operations. In prior periods, we included an adjustment for Excise Taxes. 

Non-GAAP
financial measures have limitations, should be considered as supplemental in nature and are not meant as a substitute for the related
financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. These limitations include the following: 

Employee stock awards and
 stock grants expense has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring expense in the Company
 and an important part of our compensation strategy; 

the assets being depreciated
 or amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and the non-GAAP financial measures do not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements
 for such replacements or for new capital expenditures or other capital commitments; and 

non-GAAP measures do not
 reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs 

other companies, including
 companies in our industry, may calculate the non-GAAP financial measures differently or not at all, which reduces their usefulness
 as comparative measures. 

Because
of these limitations, you should consider the non-GAAP financial measures alongside other financial performance measures, including our
net loss and our other financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. 

Net
Sales 

The
following table shows our net sales by proprietary ammunition versus standard ammunition for the periods ended March 31, 2023 and March
31, 2022. Proprietary Ammunition include those lines of ammunition manufactured by our facilities that are sold under the
brand names: STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION and Stelth. We define Standard Ammunition as non-proprietary ammunition that
directly competes with other brand manufacturers. Our Standard Ammunition is manufactured within our facilities and may also
include completed ammunition that has been acquired in the open market for sale to others. Also included in this category is low cost
target pistol and rifle ammunition, as well as bulk packaged ammunition manufactured by us using reprocessed brass casings. Ammunition
within this product line typically carries much lower gross margins. 

For the Year Ended 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Proprietary Ammunition 
 10,779,035 
 10,071,659 
 
 Standard Ammunition 
 103,337,009 
 151,387,366 
 
 Ammunition Casings 
 14,174,084 
 14,201,625 
 
 Marketplace Revenue 
 63,149,673 
 64,608,516 
 
 Total Sales 
 191,439,801 
 240,269,166 

Sales
for the year ended March 31, 2023 decreased 20.3 , or approximately 48.8 million from the prior year due to changes in market
conditions. The decrease for period was largely the result of a decrease of 48.1 million in sales of bulk pistol and rifle
ammunition, a decrease of 0.7 million of sales of Proprietary Ammunition, a decrease of 0.1 million of our casing sales, and a
decrease of 1.5 million generated from our marketplace, GunBroker.com, which includes auction revenue, payment processing revenue,
and shipping income. Management expects the sales growth rate of Proprietary Ammunition to greatly outpace the sales of our Standard
Ammunition. 

32 

We
are focused on continuing to grow top line revenue quarter-over-quarter as we continue to further expand distribution into commercial
markets, introduce new product lines, and continue to initiate sales to U.S. law enforcement, military, and international markets. 

Through
our acquisition of SWK, the Company has developed and deployed a line of tactical armor piercing (AP) and hard armor piercing incendiary
(HAPI) precision ammunition to meet the lethality requirements of both the US and foreign military customers. We continue to demonstrate
our AP and HAPI ammunition to military personnel at scheduled and invite only events, resulting in increased interest and procurement
discussions. The Company has since developed the ballistic match (BMMPR) and signature-on-target (SoT) rounds under contract with the
U.S. Government in support of US special operations which have been publicly announced pursuant to governmental authorization. Additional
work continues in support of the military operations of the U.S. and its ally military components which is not currently subject to disclosure. 

It
is important to note that, although U.S. law enforcement, military and international markets represent significant opportunities for
our Company, they also have a long sales cycle. The Company s sales team has been effective in establishing sales and distribution
channels, both in the United States and abroad, which are reasonably anticipated to drive sustained sales opportunity in the military,
law enforcement, and commercial markets. 

Sales
outside of the United States require licenses and approval from either the U.S. Department of Commerce or the U.S. State Department,
which typically takes approximately 30 days to receive. On June 16, 2022, we renewed our annual registration with the International Traffic
in Arms Regulations ITAR ), which remains valid through the report date. This permits the Company to export and broker
ammunition and other controlled items covered under ITAR. 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of Revenues decreased by approximately 15.5 million from 151.5 million
to 136.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the comparable period ended in 2022. This was the
result of a significant decrease in net sales as well increases to non-cash depreciation related to increases in production equipment,
expensing of increased labor, overhead, and raw materials used to produce finished product during 2023 as compared to 2022. 

Gross
Margin 

Our
gross margin percentage decreased to 28.9 from 36.9 during the year ended March 31, 2023 as compared to the same period in 2022. This
was a result of increased cost of materials, labor, and overhead in our ammunition segment, which was offset by our marketplace, GunBroker.com
which, by nature has significantly higher margins than our manufactured products. 

We
believe as we continue to grow sales through new markets and expanded distribution that our gross margins will also increase, as evidenced
by the improvement over this time last year. Our goal in the next 12 to 24 months is to continue to improve our gross margins. This will
be accomplished through the following: 

Increased product sales,
 specifically of proprietary lines of ammunition, like the STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION , Stelth and now our tactical Armor Piercing
 (AP) and Hard Armor Piercing Incendiary (HAPI) precision ammunition, all of which carry higher margins as a percentage of their selling
 price; 

Introduction of new lines
 of ammunition that historically carry higher margins in the consumer and government sectors; 

Reduced component costs
 through operation of our ammunition segment and expansion of strategic relationships with component providers; 

Expanded use of automation
 equipment that reduces the total labor required to assemble finished products 

And, better leverage of
 our fixed costs through expanded production to support the sales objectives. 

33 

Operating
Expenses 

Overall,
for the year ended March 31, 2023, our operating expenses increased by approximately 7.1 million and increased as a percentage of sales
from 21.5 to 30.6 in comparison to the year ended March 31, 2022. Our operating expenses include non-cash depreciation and amortization
expense of approximately 13.3 million. For the year ended March 31, 2023, we incurred additional expenses in the amounts of 5.6 million
related to a proxy contest, of which 0.9 million was included non-cash stock compensation, and 1.2 million of nonrecurring expenses.
Our operating expenses also consisted of commissions related to our sales, legal and professional fees, stock compensation expense associated
with issuance of our Common Stock in lieu of cash compensation for employees, board members, and key consultants for the organization
during the period. Operating expenses for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 included noncash expenses of approximately 19.5 million
and 20.1 million, respectively. 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023, our selling and marketing expenses decreased by approximately 2.6 million. The decrease was primarily
related to decreases in sales commission due to the decrease in the sale of our products. 

Our
corporate general administrative expenses increased approximately 8.0 million in the year ended March 31, 2023 from the
comparable prior period due to 6.6 million of respective legal and professional fees and expenses largely related to our proxy
contest and 1.2 million of nonrecurring expenses. 

Employee
salaries and related expenses increased approximately 2.1 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the comparable period
ended in 2022. The increase when compared to the prior period, was primarily related to 2.1 million of additional payroll expenses
incurred as a result of payments due upon termination without cause as a result of the proxy contest and the addition of employees in
our Marketplace. 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses for the year ended March 31, 2023 decreased by approximately 0.4 million in comparison to the prior year period. 

Interest
and Other Expenses 

For
the year ended March 31, 2023, interest expense remained constant compared with year ended March 31, 2022. The change from the prior periods was mainly due to increases related to our Construction Note Payable of
approximately 0.3 million and decreases in activity related to our Factoring Liability and our Inventory Credit Facility of approximately
 0.3 million. 

Income
Taxes 

For
the year ended March 31, 2023, we recorded a provision for federal and state income taxes of approximately 0.7 million in comparison
to 3.3 million in the prior year period ended March 31, 2022. The decreases was related to a decrease in Net Income(Loss) before Taxes. 

Net
Income 

We
ended the year ended March 31, 2023 with a net loss of approximately 4. 6 million compared with a Net Income of approximately 33.2 million
for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Our
goal is to continue to improve our operating results as we focus on increasing sales and reducing our operating expenses. 

34 

Fiscal
Year 2022 Compared to Fiscal Year 2021 

Results
of Operations 

We experienced an increase in our gross profit margin for the year ended
March 31, 2022. This was the result of our newly acquired marketplace, GunBroker.com which, by nature has significantly higher margins
than our manufactured products. 

The
following table presents summarized financial information taken from our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended March
31, 2022 compared with the year ended March 31, 2021: 

For the Year Ended 

March 31, 2022 
 March 31, 2021 

Net Sales 
 240,269,166 
 62,482,330 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 151,505,657 
 51,095,679 
 
 Gross Margin 
 88,763,509 
 11,386,651 
 
 Sales, General Administrative Expenses 
 51,614,147 
 16,766,636 
 
 Income (loss) from Operations 
 37,149,362 
 (5,379,985 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Other income (expense) 
 (615,957 
 (2,432,309 
 
 Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 
 36,533,405 
 (7,812,294 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 3,285,969 
 - 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 33,247,436 
 (7,812,294 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures 

We
analyze operational and financial data to evaluate our business, allocate our resources, and assess our performance. In addition to total
net sales, net income (loss), and other results under generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), the following information
includes key operating metrics and non-GAAP financial measures we use to evaluate our business. We believe these measures are useful
for period-to-period comparisons of the Company. We have included these non-GAAP financial measures in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
because they are key measures we use to evaluate our operational performance, produce future strategies for our operations, and make
strategic decisions, including those relating to operating expenses and the allocation of our resources. Accordingly, we believe these
measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner
as our management and board of directors. 

Adjusted
EBITDA 

For the 
 For the 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

March 31, 2022 
 March 31, 2021 

Reconciliation of GAAP net income to Adjusted EBITDA 

Net Income (Loss) 
 33,247,436 
 (7,812,294 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 3,285,969 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 17,339,093 
 4,876,756 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 637,797 
 3,009,094 
 
 Employee stock awards 
 5,759,000 
 1,450,359 
 
 Stock grants 
 252,488 
 278,585 
 
 Stock for services 
 4,200 
 1,707,500 
 
 Warrants issued for services 
 718,045 
 - 
 
 Contingent consideration fair value 
 (385,750 
 (119,731 
 
 Other income 
 (21,840 
 (576,785 
 
 Loss on purchase 
 - 
 1,000,000 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 60,836,438 
 3,813,484 

Adjusted
EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measures that displays our net loss, adjusted to eliminate the effect of certain items as described below. 

35 

We
have excluded the following non-cash expenses from our non-GAAP financial measures: provision or benefit for income taxes, depreciation
and amortization, loss on purchase, share-based or warrant-based compensation expenses, and changes to the contingent consideration fair
value. We believe it is useful to exclude these non-cash expenses because the amount of such expenses in any specific period may not
directly correlate to the underlying performance of our business operations. 

Adjusted
EBITDA as a non-GAAP financial measure also excludes other cash interest income and expense, as these items are not components of our
core operations. We have included an adjustments for our provision or benefit for income taxes. 

We
have modified our Adjusted EBITDA calculation in the current period to remove the adjustment for Excise Taxes as we believe this is a
better representation of our operations. In prior periods, we included an adjustment for Excise Taxes. 

Non-GAAP
financial measures have limitations, should be considered as supplemental in nature and are not meant as a substitute for the related
financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. These limitations include the following: 

Employee
 stock awards and stock grants expense has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring expense
 in the Company and an important part of our compensation strategy; 

the
 assets being depreciated or amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and the non-GAAP financial measures do not reflect cash
 capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditures or other capital commitments; and 

non-GAAP
 measures do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; and 

other
 companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate the non-GAAP financial measures differently or not at all, which reduces
 their usefulness as comparative measures. 

Because
of these limitations, you should consider the non-GAAP financial measures alongside other financial performance measures, including our
net loss and our other financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. 

Net
Sales 

The
following table shows our net sales by proprietary ammunition versus standard ammunition for the periods ended March 31, 2022 and March
31, 2021. Proprietary Ammunition include those lines of ammunition manufactured by our facilities that are sold under the
brand names: STREAK VISUAL AMMUNITION and Stelth. We define Standard Ammunition as non-proprietary ammunition that
directly competes with other brand manufacturers. Our Standard Ammunition is manufactured within our facilities and may also
include completed ammunition that has been acquired in the open market for sale to others. Also included in this category is low cost
target pistol and rifle ammunition, as well as bulk packaged ammunition manufactured by us using reprocessed brass casings. Ammunition
within this product line typically carries much lower gross margins. 

For
 the Year Ended 

March
 31, 2022 

March
 31, 2021 

Proprietary
 Ammunition 

10,071,659 

5,340,823 

Standard
 Ammunition 

151,387,366 

44,279,707 

Ammunition
 Casings 

14,201,625 

12,861,800 

Marketplace
 Revenue 

64,608,516 

- 

Total
 Sales 

240,269,166 

62,482,330 

Sales
for the year ended March 31, 2022 increased 285 or 177.8 million over the year ended March 31, 2021. This increase was the result of
our increased production capacity coupled with increased demand from our customers which resulted in approximately 107.2 million of
increased sales in bulk pistol and rifle ammunition, an increase of approximately 4.7 million of respective sales of Proprietary Ammunition,
an increase of approximately 1.3 million of sales from our casing operations and 64.6 million in respective revenue generated from
our recently acquired marketplace, GunBroker.com, which includes auction revenue, payment processing revenue, and shipping income. Management
expects the sales growth rate of Proprietary Ammunition to greatly outpace the sales of our Standard Ammunition. 

36 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues increased by approximately 100.4 million from 51.1 million to 151.5 million, respectively for the year ended March 31,
2022 compared with the year ended March 31, 2021. This was the result of a significant increase in net sales as well increases to non-cash
depreciation related to our newly acquired casing operations, expensing of increased labor, overhead, and raw materials used to produce
finished product during our 2022 fiscal year as compared to the 2021 fiscal year and additional
cost of revenues from our recent acquisition of our marketplace, GunBroker.com . As a percentage of sales, cost of goods sold decreased
by 22.8 when comparing the year ended March 31, 2022 to the year ended March 31, 2021. 

Gross
Margin 

Our
gross margin percentage increased to 36.9 from 18.2 during the year ended March 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. This
was a result of the inclusion of our newly acquired marketplace, GunBroker.com which, by nature has significantly higher margins than
our manufactured products. 

Operating
Expenses 

Overall,
for the year ended March 31, 2022, our operating expenses increased by approximately 34.8 million over the year ended March 31, 2021,
but decreased as a percentage of sales from 26.8 for the year ended March 31, 2021 to 21.5 for the year ended March 31, 2022. The increase
was primarily related to approximately 20.6 million of additional operating expenses following our merger with Gemini, including 12.1
million of depreciation and amortization expenses. Our operating expenses include non-cash depreciation and amortization expense of approximately
 13.7 million for the year ended March 31, 2022. Our operating expenses consisted of commissions related to our sales increases, stock
compensation expense associated with issuance of our Common Stock in lieu of cash compensation for employees, and board members, and
key consultants for the organization during the period. Operating expenses for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 included noncash
expenses of approximately 20.1 million and 3.2 million, respectively. We expect to see administrative expenditures to continue to decrease
as a percentage of sales in the 2023 fiscal year, as we leverage our work force and expand our sales opportunities. 

During
the year ended March 31, 2022, our selling and marketing expenses increased by approximately 5.4 million. The increase was primarily
related to commission on the increases in the sale of our products resulting of approximately 3.6 million of increase in commissions
and a 1.1 million increase advertising expenses for the year ended March 31, 2022 in comparison to the comparable prior year. 

Our
corporate general administrative expenses increased approximately 9.8 million in
the current period from the prior year mainly due to increased general corporate expenses related
to the addition of Gemini of approximately 5.3 million and increases in insurance expenses of 4.0 million. 

Employee
salaries and related expenses increased approximately 8.6 million for the year ended March 31, 2022 compared to the comparable period
ended in 2021. This was a result of increased payroll and related expenses of 4.2 million, including 2.9 million from the addition
of Gemini, and employee stock compensation of approximately 4.3 million. 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses increased approximately 12.0 million from the period principally due to the addition of assets from the Gemini
Acquisition. 

Interest
and Other Expenses 

For
the year ended March 31, 2022, interest expense decreased by approximately 2.4 million compared with the year ended March 31, 2021.
The change from the prior periods was mainly due to the repayment of notes and conversion of convertible promissory notes in current
and prior periods. Interest expense for the year ended March 31, 2021 included approximately 1.3 million of non-cash interest expense
recognized on the issuance of warrants to purchase Common Stock, approximately 0.4 million in debt discount amortization related to
Convertible Promissory Notes as well interest expense and debt discount amortization related to Note Payables Related Party, Note Payable,
and Convertible Promissory Notes. 

Net
Income 

As
a result of increases in revenues from increased production as well as our acquisition of Gemini ,
we ended the year ended March 31, 2022 with net income of approximately 33.2 million compared with net losses of approximately 7.8
million for the year ended March 31, 2021. 

Our
goal is to continue to improve our operating results as we focus on increasing sales and controlling our operating expenses. 

37 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 39,134,027 of cash and cash equivalents, an increase of 15,852,552 from March 31, 2022. 

Working
Capital is summarized and compared as follows: 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Current assets 
 128,451,893 
 129,691,636 
 
 Current liabilities 
 25,463,399 
 35,823,311 

102,988,494 
 93,868,325 

Liquidity 

Existing
working capital, cash flow from operations, bank borrowings, and sales of equity and debt securities are expected to be adequate to
fund our operations over the next year. Generally, we have financed operations to date through the proceeds of stock sales, bank
financings, and related-party notes. These sources have been adequate to fund our recurring cash expenditures including but not
limited to our working capital requirements, capital expenditures to expand our operations, debt repayments, and acquisitions. We
intend to continue to use the aforementioned sources of funding for capital expenditures, debt repayments, share repurchases and any
potential acquisitions. 

Leases 

We
lease four locations that are used for our offices, production, and warehousing. As of March 31, 2023, we had 1.6 million of fixed lease
payment obligations with 0.6 million payable within the next 12 months. Please refer to Note 9 Leases for additional information. 

Related
Party Note Payable 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had an outstanding balance on our Related Party Note Payable of approximately 0.2 million, of which the balance
in its entirety million is due within the next 12 months. 

Construction
Note Payable 

We
financed a portion of our new production facility with our Construction Note Payable. We expect to make 0.8 million in principal
and interest payments within the next 12 months. The total principal balance of the Construction Note is expected to be 11.4 million
upon completion of the project and will mature on October 14, 2026. 

Changes
in cash flows are summarized as follows: 

Operating
Activities 

For
the year ended March 31, 2023, net cash provided by operations totaled approximately 35.6 million. This was primarily the result of
net loss of approximately 4.6 million, decreases to our period end accounts receivable of 14.4 million, inventories of 4.7 million, prepaid expenses of 2.8 million, and deposits of 4.3 million which was offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued
liabilities of 8.7 million and 2.8 million, respectively. The cash used in operations were partially offset by the benefit of non-cash
expenses for depreciation and amortization of approximately 17.5 million, employee stock compensation of 5.8 million, 1.6 million
of deferred income taxes, stock grants totaling 0.2 million, 0.2 million of allowance for doubtful accounts, and 0.2 million of warrants
issued for services. 

For
the year ended March 31, 2022, net cash provided by operations totaled approximately 2.9 million. This was primarily the result of net
income of approximately 33.2 million, increases to our period end inventories of 43.1 million, accounts receivable of 20.7 million,
and deposits of 8.8 million which was offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 9.9 million and 2.3 million,
respectively, and decreases of prepaid expenses of 1.9 million. The cash used in operations were partially offset by the benefit of
non-cash expenses for depreciation and amortization of approximately 17.3 million, employee stock compensation of 5.8 million, stock
grants totaling 0.3 million, 2.7 million of allowance for doubtful accounts, 0.8 million of warrants issued for services, 1.5 million
of deferred income taxes and a decrease related to an adjustment to the fair value of contingent consideration of 0.4 million. 

Investing
Activities 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023, we used approximately 12.5 million in net cash for investing activities. Net cash used in investing activities
consisted of approximately 12.5 million related to purchases of production equipment, the construction of our new manufacturing facility
in Manitowoc, WI, and capitalized development costs related to our marketplace, GunBroker.com. 

During
the year ended March 31, 2022, we used approximately 69.7 million in net cash for investing activities. Net cash used in investing activities
consisted of approximately 50.5 million uses in connection with the merger of Gemini, and approximately 19.2 million related to purchases
of production equipment and the construction of our new manufacturing facility in Manitowoc, WI. 

Financing
Activities 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was approximately 6.7 million. This was the result of approximately
 3.0 million of preferred stock dividends paid, 2.1 million of insurance premium note payments, 0.7 million in payments of our related
party note payable, and an approximate 0.8 million reduction in our Inventory Credit Facility. These items were offset by 1.0 million
generated from our construction note payable and 0.1 million of proceeds from warrants exercised for common stock. Additionally, approximately
 71.3 million was generated from accounts receivable factoring, which was offset by payments of approximately 72.3 million. 

38 

During
the year ended March 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was approximately 28.2 million. This was the net effect of a 50.0
million payment on debt assumed from Gemini, 35.0 million of proceeds from the sale of our preferred stock net of approximately 3.2
million of issuance costs, approximately 2.5 million of preferred stock dividends paid, approximately 2.2 million of insurance premium
note payments, approximately 0.9 million was generated from common stock issued for exercised warrants, the 4.0 million repayment of
a note payable, and an approximate 0.3 million reduction in our Inventory Credit Facility. Additionally, approximately 121.5 million
was generated from accounts receivable factoring, which was offset by payments of approximately 122.8 million. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of March 31, 2023, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future
material effect on our financial condition, net sales, expenses, results of operations, liquidity capital expenditures, or capital resources. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operation are based upon our financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. We have identified several accounting principles
that we believe are key to the understanding of our financial statements. These important accounting policies require our most
difficult subjective judgements. 

Goodwill 

We
evaluate goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than
not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount. In testing for goodwill impairment, we may elect to utilize
a qualitative assessment to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying
amount. If our qualitative assessment indicates that goodwill impairment is more likely than not, we perform a two-step impairment test.
We test goodwill for impairment under the two-step impairment test by first comparing the book value of net assets to the fair value
of the reporting unit. If the fair value is determined to be less than the book value or qualitative factors indicate that it is more
likely than not that goodwill is impaired, a second step is performed to compute the amount of impairment as the difference between the
estimated fair value of goodwill and the carrying value. We estimate the fair value of the reporting units using discounted cash flows.
Forecasts of future cash flows are based on our best estimate of future net sales and operating expenses, based primarily on expected
category expansion, pricing, market segment share, and general economic conditions. Due to the declines in the value of our stock price
and market capitalization, we assessed qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Marketplace
segment is less than its carrying amount. Through our analysis we determined our stock price and market capitalization decline it is
not indicative of a decrease in the fair value of our Marketplace segment and a fair value calculation using the discounted cash flows
was more appropriate due to the operational performance of the reporting segment. Accordingly, the impairment of Goodwill was not warranted
for the year ended March 31, 2023. As of March 31, 2023, the Company has a goodwill carrying value of 90,870,094, all of which is assigned
to the Marketplace segment. However, due to declines in the value
of the Company s common stock and market capitalization, it is possible that the book values of our Marketplace segment could exceed
its fair value, which may result in the recognition of a material, noncash impairment of goodwill for the year ending March 31, 2024. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the balance sheet and reported amounts of
revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates made in preparing
the condensed consolidated financial statements include the valuation of allowances for doubtful accounts, valuation of deferred tax
assets, inventories, useful lives of assets, goodwill, intangible assets, stock-based compensation and warrant-based compensation. 

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Our
accounts receivable represents amounts due from customers for products sold and include an allowance for uncollectible accounts which
is estimated based on the aging of the accounts receivable and specific identification of uncollectible accounts. At March 31, 2023 and
March 31, 2022, we reserved 3,246,551 and 3,055,252, respectively, of allowance for doubtful accounts. 

Inventory 

We
state inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We determine cost by using the weighted-average cost of raw materials
method, which approximates the first-in, first-out method and includes allocations of manufacturing labor and overhead. We make provisions
when necessary, to reduce excess, potential damaged or obsolete inventories. These provisions are based on our best estimates. At March
31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, we conducted a full analysis of inventory on hand and expensed all inventory not currently in use, or for
which there was no future demand. 

39 

Research
and Development 

To
date, we have expensed all costs associated with developing our product specifications, manufacturing procedures, and products through
our cost of products sold, as this work was done by the same employees who produced the finished product. We anticipate that it may become
necessary to reclassify research and development costs into our operating expenditures for reporting purposes as we begin to develop
new technologies and lines of ammunition. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
generate revenue from the production and sale of ammunition, ammunition casings, and marketplace fee revenue, which includes auction
revenue, payment processing revenue, and shipping income. We recognize revenue according to Accounting Standard Codification 
Revenue from Contract with Customers ASC 606 ). When the customer obtains control over the promised goods or services,
we record revenue in the amount of consideration that we can expect to receive in exchange for those goods and services. We apply the
following five-step model to determine revenue recognition: 

Identification of a contract
 with a customer 

Identification of the performance
 obligations in the contact 

Determination of the transaction
 price 

Allocation of the transaction
 price to the separate performance allocation 

Recognition of revenue
 when performance obligations are satisfied 

We
only apply the five-step model when it is probable that we will collect the consideration we are entitled to in exchange for the goods
or services it transfers to the customer. At contract inception and once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606,
we assess the goods or services promised within each contract and determine those that are performance obligations, and assess whether
each promised good or service is distinct. 

For
Ammunition Sales and Casing Sales, our contracts contain a single performance obligation and the entire transaction price is allocated
to the single performance obligation. We recognize as revenues the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective
performance obligation when the performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied. Accordingly, we recognize revenues (net) when
the customer obtains control of our product, which typically occurs upon shipment of the product or the performance of the service. In
the year ended March 31, 2021, we began accepting contract liabilities or deferred revenue. We included Deferred Revenue in our Accrued
Liabilities. We will recognize revenue when the performance obligation is met. 

For
Marketplace revenue, the performance obligation is satisfied, and revenue is recognized as follows: 

Auction
revenue consists of optional listing fees with variable pricing components based on customer options selected from the GunBroker website
and final value fees based on a percentage of the final selling price of the listed item. The performance obligation is to process the
transactions as initiated by the customer. Revenue is recognized at a point in time when the transaction is processed. 

Payment
processing revenue consists of fees charged to customers on a transactional basis. The performance obligation is to process the transactions
as initiated by the customer. The price is set by the GunBroker user agreement on the website based on stand-alone selling prices. Revenue
is recognized at a point in time when the transaction is processed. 

Shipping
income consists of fees charged to customers for shipping of sold items listed on the GunBroker website. The performance obligation is
to ship the item sold as initiated by the customer. The price is set based on the third-party service provider selected to be used by
the customer as well as the speed and location of shipment. Revenue is recognized at a point in time when the shipping label is printed. 

Banner
Advertising Campaign Revenue consists of fees charged to customers for advertisement placement and impressions generated through the
GunBroker website. The performance obligation is to generate the number of impressions specified by the customer on banner advertisements
on the GunBroker website using the placement selected by the customer. The price is set by the GunBroker user agreement on the website
based on standalone selling prices, or by advertising insertion order as negotiated by media broker. If the number of impressions promised
is not generated, the customer receives a refund and the refund is applied to the transaction price. Banner advertising campaigns generally
run for one month, and revenue is recognized at a point in time at the end of the selected month. 

Product
Sales consists of fees charged for the liquidation of excess inventory for partner distributors. The performance obligation is to sell
and ship the inventory item as initiated by the customer. The price depends on whether the inventory is a fixed price item or an auction
item. For a fixed price item, the Company performs research to determine the current market rate for such an item, and the item is listed
at that price. For an auction item, the price is set by what the buyer is willing to pay. The Company acts as a principal in these transactions
due to the extent of control they have over the product prior to the sale. Due to the principal determination, gross revenue is recognized
at a point in time when the item has been shipped. 

Identity
Verification consists of fees charged to customers for identity verification in order to gain access to the GunBroker website. The performance
obligation is to process the identity verification as initiated by the customer. The price is set by the GunBroker user agreement on
the website based on a stand-alone selling price. Revenue is recognized at a point in time when the identity verification is completed. 

Excise
Tax 

As
a result of regulations imposed by the Federal Government for sales of ammunition to non-government U.S. entities, we charge and
collect an 11 excise tax for all products sold into these channels. During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we
recognized approximately 9.8 million, 14.6 million, and 4.3 million respectively, in excise taxes. For ease in selling to
commercial markets, excise tax is included in our unit price for the products sold. We record this through net sales and expense the
offsetting tax expense to cost of goods sold. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

Fair
value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to us as of March 31,
2023. The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair value. These financial
instruments include cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, amounts due to related parties, factoring liability, and the construction
note payable. Fair values were assumed to approximate carrying values because they are short term in nature and their carrying amounts
approximate fair values or they are payable on demand. 

40 

Income
Taxes 

We
file federal and state income tax returns in accordance with the applicable rules of each jurisdiction. We account for income taxes under
the asset and liability method in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 740 - Income Taxes ASC 740 ). The provision
for income taxes includes federal, state, and local income taxes currently payable, and deferred taxes. We recognize deferred tax assets
and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable amounts in years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. If it is more likely
than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recognized. In accordance with
ASC 740, we recognize the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. We measure
recognized income tax positions at the largest amount that is greater than 50 likely of being realized. We reflect changes in recognition
or measurement in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
grant stock-based compensation to key employees and directors as a means of attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel. We also
grant stock in lieu of cash compensation for key consultants and service providers. We recognize expense related to stock-based payment
transactions in which we receive employee or non-employee services in exchange for equity. 

We
account for stock-based compensation at fair value in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 718 Compensation 
Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based
payment awards to employees and directors. We measure
stock compensation based on reference to the closing fair market value of our Common Stock on the date of grant. Stock-based
compensation is recognized on a straight line basis over the vesting periods and forfeitures are recognized in the periods they occur.

In
addition to our base of employees, we also use the services of several contract personnel and other professionals on an as needed
basis . We plan to continue to use consultants, legal and patent attorneys, engineers and accountants as necessary. We may also
expand our staff to support the market roll-out of our products to both the commercial and government related organizations. A portion
of any key employee compensation likely would include direct stock grants, which would dilute the ownership interest of holders of existing
shares of our Common Stock. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
have not entered into any market risk sensitive instruments for trading purposes. We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of business including
fluctuations in interest rates and commodity prices, which can affect our operating, investing and financing activities. We believe our
primary market risk is interest rate risk. Our Factoring Liability is indexed to market rates. Although we did not have a balance outstanding
under our Factoring Liability at March 31, 2023, if were to make use of the maximum facility amount of 5.0 million, a 100 basis point
increase would result in an impact of 50,000 additional interest expense for the year ended March 31, 2023. The interest rates on our
Construction Note Payable are not indexed to market rates. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
consolidated financials are submitted as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

41 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

As
of March 31, 2023, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15.Based on that evaluation, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end
of the period covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as
of March 31, 2023. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required
to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO
and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures, and is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Based on this evaluation, and
because of the material weaknesses described below, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective at the reasonable assurance level as of March 31, 2023. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of financial reporting and of the preparation of financial
statements for external reporting purposes, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

42 

Internal
control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and disposition of assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of its management and directors; and (3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets
that could have a material effect on tis financial statements. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, and because of the
material weaknesses described below, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as
of March 31, 2023. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

These
material weaknesses did not result in any identified misstatements to the financial statements, and there were no changes to previously
released financial results. 

Material
weaknesses and management s remediation plan 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Auditing Standard AS 2201, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. 

Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The following material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting were identified in the normal course as of March 31, 2023: 

The
Company failed to maintain an effective control environment due to the following: 

the
 Company s management and the governance did not maintain appropriately designed entity-level
 controls impacting the control environment to prevent or detect material misstatements to
 the consolidated financial statements. These deficiencies were attributed to limited personnel
 to assist with the accounting and financial reporting function and inadequate oversight and
 accountability over the performance of control activities, including establishment of a Whistleblower
 Hotline and lack of formalization of certain key governance elements: management delegation,
 annual board committee charter review, acknowledgement of code of conduct, and approval of
 the annual budget; 

the
 Company failed to maintain properly designed segregation of duties, both within manual processes
 and system access; 

the
 Company failed to maintain effectively designed controls over journal entries, both recurring
 and nonrecurring, account reconciliations, and periodic flux analysis. Journal entries were
 not always accompanied by sufficient supporting documentation and were not adequately reviewed
 and approved for validity, completeness, and accuracy. In most instances, persons responsible
 for reviewing journal entries and account reconciliations for validity, completeness, and
 accuracy were also responsible for preparation. 

the
 Company failed to maintain effectively designed controls over the period-end financial reporting
 process, including adequate tie-out and review of documentation that supports the financial
 statements; and 

the
 Company failed to maintain effectively designed controls over information technology general
 controls in the areas of user provisioning and
 de-provisioning, application change management, operating system and logical access controls,
 and segregation of duties for information technology IT systems that supports
 the Company s financial reporting process. 

43 

Management s
Remediation Initiatives 

We
have concluded that these material weaknesses arose because we did not have the necessary business processes, systems, personnel, and
related internal controls. 

In
response to the material weaknesses, management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, has begun the process
of, and is committed to, designing and implementing effective measures to strengthen our internal controls over financial reporting and
remediate the material weaknesses. The Company is committed to ensuring that a proper, consistent tone is communicated throughout the
organization, which emphasizes the expectation that previously existing deficiencies will be rectified through implementation of processes
and controls to ensure strict compliance with U.S. GAAP and regulatory requirements. 

Our
current and planned internal remediation efforts include: 

Retained
 a third party consulting firm that specializes in internal audit work, and more specifically
 internal controls work. This firm will assist management with its risk assessment of internal
 control over financial reporting as well as documentation and testing of our internal control
 structure and evaluation of material weaknesses, with special focus on assisting management
 in the establishment and evaluation of proper segregation of duties procedures and monitoring
 and controls over ITGCs for the systems that support our financial reporting process. 
 
 Management
 has presented, and the Board of Directors has approved the formal management delegation,
 and the Company has formally initiated the implementation of a whistleblower hotline
 prior to the filing of this document. 
 
 Approved,
 adopted, and implemented accounting policies related to journal entries and invoice approval. 
 
 Improved
 formalization of procedures and documentation for all journal entries, account reconciliations,
 flux analysis and variance thresholds, vendor set-up. 
 
 Initiated
 IT Remediation Project with third-party consultants to design and implement controls over
 user provisioning and de-provisioning, application
 change management, operating system and logical access controls, segregation of duties, and
 third-party service provider report review process. 
 
 Implemented
 improvements surrounding review and approval of controls with a review element, including
 proper segregation, enhanced documentation, and consistency of application. 

While
these actions and planned actions are subject to ongoing management evaluation and will require validation and testing of the design
and operating effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles, we are committed to the continuous
improvement of our internal control over financial reporting and will continue to diligently review our internal control over financial
reporting. 

The
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, has been audited by Pannell Kerr
Forster of Texas, P.C., an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report included herein. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
was a change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that occurred
during our most recent quarter that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Commencing
in our fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, we have undertaken measures to remediate the previously disclosed material
weaknesses. Management intends to implement certain remediation steps to address the material
weaknesses described under Management s Remediation Initiatives. However, management has not fully implemented those
remediation steps and expects remediation efforts to continue into fiscal year 2024. 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

AMMO,
Inc. 

Opinion
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We
have audited AMMO, Inc. s (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based
on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described in the following paragraph
on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
COSO. 

A
material weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in management s
assessment. 

Controls
 were not appropriately designed or implemented at the entity level, affecting the control environment to prevent or detect material
 misstatements and to set the tone of the organization, including establishment of a whistleblower hotline and establishment of management
 delegation of authority policies; 

Controls
 were not appropriately designed or implemented to maintain effective segregation of duties, primarily related to insufficient personnel
 / resources; 

Controls
 were not appropriately designed or implemented over the year-end financial reporting process, including ineffective design of review
 and approval authorization controls; 

Controls
 were not appropriately designed or implemented related to journal entry access and approvals; and 

Controls
 were not appropriately designed or implemented related to information technology general controls. These controls specifically related
 to (i) user provisioning and deprovisioning, (ii) application change management, (iii) operating system and logical access controls,
 and (iv) segregation of duties for information technology systems that support the financial reporting process. 

These
material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2023 financial
statements, and this report does not affect our report dated June 14, 2023, on those financial statements. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated
balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows of the Company, and
our report dated June 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion. 

Basis
for Opinion 

The
Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition
and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/
 PANNELL KERR FORSTER OF TEXAS, P.C. 
 
 Houston,
 Texas 
 June
 14, 2023 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

We are reporting
the following information in lieu of reporting on a Current Report on Form 8-K under Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers;
Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

On June
12, 2023, the Board approved a one-time cash bonus payment to Robert D. Wiley, the Company s Chief Financial Officer. The Company
will pay 129,000 to Mr. Wiley on or prior to June [ ], 2023. This amount represents twenty percent (20 of the total base salary paid
to Mr. Wiley in the three years ended March 31, 2023. 

In addition, on June 12, 2023, the Board approved, and the Company and
Mr. Wiley entered into, a Third Amendment to Employment Agreement (the Amendment ). Pursuant to the terms of the Amendment,
the Company shall pay Mr. Wiley an annual salary of 325,000. All other terms of the Employment Agreement remain in full force and effect.
The foregoing description of the Amendment is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Employment
Agreement, which is attached to this filing as Exhibit 10.6. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

44 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information
responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholder to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference
to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholder to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after
the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference
to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholder to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after
the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Information
responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholder to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Information
responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholder to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

45 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 Financial
 Statements and Financial Statement Schedules are set forth under Part II, Item 8 of this report. 

(b) 
 Exhibits

Other
Schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or because the required information is included in the Consolidated
Financial Statements or notes thereto. 

Reference 
 
 Filed
 or Furnished 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 
 Date 
 
 Herewith 
 
 2.1# 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 30, 2021, by and among Ammo, Inc., SpeedLight Group I, LLC, Gemini Direct Investments, LLC and Steven F. Urvan (1) 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 5/6/2021 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (Amended and Restated) filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on October 24, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 10/26/2018 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.03 
 
 02/09/2017 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designations with respect to the 8.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, dated May 18, 2021 
 
 8-A 
 
 3.1 
 
 5/20/2021 

4.1 
 
 Compilation of JSC Agreements dated November 4, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.3 
 
 11/13/2020 

4.2 
 
 Form of Underwriters Warrant Agreement issued December 3, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 12/4/2020 

4.3 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

X 
 
 4.4 
 
 Promissory Note issued by Ammo, Inc., Firelight Group I, LLC in favor of Hiawatha National Bank, dated October 14, 2021. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.1 
 
 2/14/2022 

10.1+ 
 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 
 S-8 
 
 4.1 
 
 3/30/2023 

10.2 
 
 First Amended and Restated Factoring and Security Agreement, as amended, by and between Ammo, Inc. and Factors Southwest, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/11/2021 

10.3 
 
 Revolving Inventory Loan and Security Agreement, as amended, by and between Ammo, Inc. and Factors Southwest, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 3/11/2021 

10.4 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement between AMMO Technologies Inc. and University of Louisiana at Lafayette, dated November 16, 2017, as amended in 2018 and 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/14/2023 

46 

10.5+ 
 
 Employment Agreement of Fred W. Wagenhals 

X 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Employment Agreement of Robert D. Wiley, as amended 

X 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 Employment Agreement of Jared R. Smith, dated December 15, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.4 
 
 2/14/2023 

10.8 
 
 Lock-Up Agreement, dated April 30, 2021, by and between Ammo, Inc. and Steven F. Urvan 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/6/2021 

10.9 
 
 Voting Rights Agreement, dated April 30, 2021, by and between Ammo, Inc. and Steven F. Urvan 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/6/2021 

10.10 
 
 Standstill Agreement, dated April 30, 2021, by and between Ammo, Inc. and Steven F. Urvan 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 5/6/2021 

10.11 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement, dated April 30, 2021, by and between Ammo, Inc. and Steven F. Urvan 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 5/6/2021 

10.12 
 
 Construction Loan Agreement by and among Ammo, Inc., Firelight Group I, LLC, and Hiawatha National Bank, dated October 14, 2021. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/14/2022 

10.13 
 
 Settlement Agreement, by and among AMMO, Inc., Steven F. Urvan and Susan T. Lokey, dated November 3, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/7/22 

10.14 
 
 Amendment to Settlement Agreement, by and among AMMO, Inc., Steven F. Urvan and Susan T. Lokey, dated November 21, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/22/22 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

X 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Pannell Kerr Forster of Texas, P.C Independent Registered Account Firm Relating to Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2023 

X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 101.INS

Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

X 
 
 101.SCH

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 
 
 101.CAL

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.LAB

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.DEF

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

X 

# Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5)
of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish supplementally copies of omitted schedules and exhibits to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon its request. 

+
Management compensatory plan or contract. 

Furnished herewith. 

47 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AMMO,
 INC. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Fred W. Wagenhals 
 
 Dated:
 June 14, 2023 
 
 Fred
 W. Wagenhals, Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/
 Robert D. Wiley 
 
 Dated:
 June 14, 2023 
 
 Robert
 D. Wiley, Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated have signed this report below. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Fred W. Wagenhals 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 
 June
 14, 2023 
 
 Fred
 W. Wagenhals 

/s/
 Robert D. Wiley 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 June
 14, 2023 
 
 Robert
 D. Wiley 

/s/
 Russell W. Wallace Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 14, 2023 
 
 Russell
 W. Wallace, Jr. 

/s/
 Richard Childress 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 14, 2023 
 
 Richard
 Childress 

/s/
 Harry Markley 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 14, 2023 
 
 Harry
 Markley 

/s/
 Jessica M. Lockett 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 14, 2023 
 
 Jessica
 M. Lockett 

Director 

Steven
 F. Urvan 

/s/
 Wayne Walker 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 14, 2023 
 
 Wayne
 Walker 

/s/
 Christos Tsentas 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 14, 2023 
 
 Christos
 Tsentas 

/s/
 Randy E. Luth 
 
 Director 
 
 June
 14, 2023 
 
 Randy
 E. Luth 

48 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Pannell Kerr Forster of Texas, P.C. PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022, and March 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022, and March 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022, and March 31, 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 AMMO,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet s of AMMO, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of March
31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the years
in the three year period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March
31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the each of the years in the three year period ended March
31, 2023 in conformity with U. S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated June
14, 2023, expressed an adverse opinion. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (i) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Goodwill
Impairment 

The
Company has recorded goodwill of approximately 90.8 million. As described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company tests goodwill
for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that may indicate that the carrying value of
the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. The fair value was determined using the weighting of certain valuation techniques, including
both income and market approaches, which include a discounted cashflow analysis, an analysis of similar public company financial information,
and an analysis of market transactions. The Company s fair value estimate in performing this analysis requires management to make
various judgments, assumptions, and estimates, the most significant of which include discount rates, projected revenue growth rates,
operating margins and guideline public company metrics. We
identified goodwill impairment as a critical audit matter primarily because of the judgment involved in reviewing management s
estimates included in the specialist s reports, as well as the degree of subjectivity in evaluating audit evidence. 

Our
testing procedures to address this critical audit matter included, among others, the following: 

evaluating
 the methodologies and assumptions used by management and its specialist in its analysis of the assessment; 

performing
 assessments of the specialist s qualifications and relationship with the Company; 

testing
 the mathematical accuracy of the specialist s calculations; and 

evaluating
 the reasonableness of inputs utilized in the calculation. 

/s/
 . 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 . 

June
14, 2023 

F- 2 

AMMO,
Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Due from related parties 
 - 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Current portion of restricted cash 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Assets 

Property and Equipment, net 

Other Assets: 

Deposits 

Patents, net 

Other intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Right of use assets - operating leases 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Factoring liability 
 - 

Accrued liabilities 

Inventory credit facility 
 - 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Current portion of note payable related party 

Current portion of construction note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Insurance premium note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 

Long-term Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration payable 

Notes payable related party, net of current portion 
 - 

Construction note payable, net of unamortized issuance costs 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Deferred income tax liability 

Total Liabilities 

Shareholders Equity: 

Series A cumulative perpetual preferred Stock , per share, par value) shares issued and
 outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized and shares issued and and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury Stock 
 
 - 
 
 Total Shareholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

AMMO,
Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 

For the Year Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 

Net Revenues 

Ammunition sales (1) 

Marketplace revenue 

- 
 
 Casing sales 

Total Revenues 

Cost of Revenues 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Selling and marketing 

Corporate general and administrative 

Employee salaries and related expenses 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Loss on purchase 
 - 
 - 

Total operating expenses 

Income/(Loss) from Operations 

Other Expenses 

Other income/(expense) 

Interest expense 

Total other expense 

Income/(Loss) before Income Taxes 

Provision for Income Taxes 

- 

Net Income/(Loss) 

Preferred Stock Dividend 

- 

Net Income/(Loss) Attributable to Common Stock Shareholders 

Net Income/(Loss) per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

(1) 
 , , and , respectively. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

AMMO,
Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Shares 
 Additional 

Number 
 Par Value 
 Number 
 Par Value 
 Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated (Deficit) 
 Treasury Stock 
 Total 

Balance as of March 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for convertible notes 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for exercised warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for debt conversion 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for cashless warrant exercise 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock issuance costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Employee stock awards 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock grants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of warrants for convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock repurchase and cancellation 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance as of March 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Shares 
 Additional 

Number 
 Par Value 
 Number 
 Par Value 
 Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated (Deficit) 
 Treasury Stock 
 Total 

Balance as of March 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 

Acquisition stock issuances 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for exercised warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for cashless warrant exercise 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for services and equipment 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Employee stock awards 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock grants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of Series A Preferred Stock, net of issuance costs 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrant issued for services 

- 

Preferred stock dividends declared 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Dividends accumulated on preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance as of March 31, 2022 

- 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Shares 
 Additional 

Number 
 Par Value 
 Number 
 Par Value 
 Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated (Deficit) 
 Treasury Stock 
 Total 

Balance as of March 31, 2022 

- 

Balance 

- 

Common stock issued for exercised warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for cashless warrant exercise 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Employee stock awards 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock grants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Preferred stock dividends declared 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Dividends accumulated on preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Preferred stock dividend 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Loss 

Net (Income) Loss 

Treasury shares purchased 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

AMMO,
Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 

For the Year Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net Income/(Loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile Net Loss to Net Cash provided by (used in) operations: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Debt discount amortization 

Employee stock awards 

Stock grants 

Stock for services 
 - 

Contingent consideration payable fair value 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

(Gain)/loss on disposal of assets 
 - 

Reduction in right of use asset 

Warrant issued for services 

- 
 
 Deferred income taxes 

- 
 
 Stock issued in lieu of cash payments 
 - 
 - 

Interest on convertible promissory notes 
 - 
 - 

Paycheck protection program note forgiveness 
 - 
 - 

Loss on Jagemann Munition Components 
 - 
 - 

Stock and warrants for note conversion 
 - 
 - 

Changes in Current Assets and Liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Due to (from) related parties 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Deposits 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liability 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Gemini acquisition 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of equipment 

Proceeds from disposal of assets 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flow from financing activities: 

Payments on inventory facility, net 

Proceeds from factoring liability 

Payments on factoring liability 

Payments on assumed debt from Gemini 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on note payable - related party 

Payments on insurance premium note payment 

Proceeds from construction note payable 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Payments on construction note payable 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Payments on note payable 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Sale of preferred stock 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for exercised warrants 

Common stock issuance costs 
 - 

Preferred stock dividends paid 

Common stock repurchase plan 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sale of common stock 
 - 
 - 

Proceeds from paycheck protection program notes 
 - 
 - 

Proceeds from note payable related party issued 
 - 
 - 

Proceeds from note payable 
 - 
 - 

Proceeds from convertible promissory notes 
 - 
 - 

Payments on common stock repurchase and cancellation 
 - 
 - 

Net cash used in financing activities 

- 
 
 Net increase/(decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash and restricted cash, end of period 

Restricted cash, end of period 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash, end of period 

(Continued) 

F- 6 

AMMO,
Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW 

For the Year Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 

Supplemental cash flow disclosures: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Construction note payable 

- 
 
 Insurance premium note payment 

Operating lease liability 

Dividends accumulated on preferred stock 

- 
 
 Acquisition stock issuances 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant issued for services 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible promissory note 
 - 
 - 

Note payable related party 
 - 
 - 

Note payable related party conversion 
 - 
 - 

Stock subscription receivable 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

pre-split) of their outstanding shares to Mr. Fred
W. Wagenhals Mr. Wagenhals resulting in a change in control of the Company. Mr. Wagenhals was appointed as sole officer
and the sole member of the Company s Board of Directors. 

The
Company also approved (i) doing business in the name AMMO, Inc., (ii) a change to the Company s OTC trading symbol to POWW, (iii)
an agreement and plan of merger to re-domicile and change the Company s state of incorporation from California to Delaware, and
(iv) a shares; no shareholder was
reversed below 100 shares, and all fractional shares resulting from the reverse split were rounded up to the next whole share . All references
to the outstanding stock have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect this split. These transactions were effective as of December 30,
2016. 

On
March 17, 2017, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with AMMO, Inc. a Delaware Corporation (PRIVCO) under which the Company
acquired all of the outstanding shares of common stock of (PRIVCO). Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company issued newly
issued shares of common stock of the Company. In connection with this transaction the Company retired shares of common stock
and issued shares of common stock to satisfy an issuance commitment. The acquisition was considered to be a capital transaction.
The transaction was the equivalent to the issuance by PRIVCO of shares to the Company s shareholders accompanied by a recapitalization.
The weighted average number of outstanding shares has been adjusted for this transaction. (PRIVCO) subsequently changes its name to AMMO
Munitions, Inc. 

, all of which is assigned to the Marketplace segment. However, due to declines in the value of the Company s common
stock and market capitalization, it is possible that the book values of our Marketplace segment could exceed its fair value, which may
result in the recognition of a material, noncash impairment of goodwill for the year ending March 31, 2024. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per unit
basis for each round of ammunition sold that incorporates this patented technology through October 29, 2028. For the years ended March
31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company recognized royalty expenses of , , and respectively under this agreement. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In
August 2018, we applied for additional patent coverage for the manufacturing methods or application of the Hybrid Luminescence Ammunition
Technology on a variety of projectile and ammunition types. The costs of filing this patent were expensed. 

On
October 5, 2018, we completed the acquisition of SW Kenetics Inc. AMMO Technologies, Inc. succeeded all of the assets of SW Kenetics
Inc. and assumed all of the liabilities. 

The
primary asset of SW Kenetics Inc. was a pending patent for modular projectiles. All rights to patent pending application were assigned
and transferred to AMMO Technologies, Inc. pursuant to Intellectual Property Rights Agreement on September 27, 2018. 

We
intend to continue building our patent portfolio to protect our proprietary technologies and processes, and will file new applications
where appropriate to preserve our rights to manufacture and sell our branded lines of ammunition. 

impairment expense was recognized for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

We
only apply the five-step model when it is probable that we will collect the consideration we are entitled to in exchange for the goods
or services it transfers to the customer. At contract inception and once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606,
we assess the goods or services promised within each contract and determine those that are performance obligations, and assess whether
each promised good or service is distinct. 

For
Ammunition Sales and Casing Sales, our contracts contain a single performance obligation and the entire transaction price is allocated
to the single performance obligation. We recognize as revenues the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective
performance obligation when the performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied. Accordingly, we recognize revenues (net) when
the customer obtains control of our product, which typically occurs upon shipment of the product or the performance of the service. In
the year ended March 31, 2021, we began accepting contract liabilities or deferred revenue. We included Deferred Revenue in our Accrued
Liabilities. We will recognize revenue when the performance obligation is met. 

For
Marketplace revenue, the performance obligation is satisfied, and revenue is recognized as follows: 

Auction
revenue consists of optional listing fees with variable pricing components based on customer options selected from the GunBroker website
and final value fees based on a percentage of the final selling price of the listed item. The performance obligation is to process the
transactions as initiated by the customer. Revenue is recognized at a point in time when the transaction is processed. 

Payment
processing revenue consists of fees charged to customers on a transactional basis. The performance obligation is to process the transactions
as initiated by the customer. The price is set by the GunBroker user agreement on the website based on stand-alone selling prices. Revenue
is recognized at a point in time when the transaction is processed. 

Shipping
income consists of fees charged to customers for shipping of sold items listed on the GunBroker website. The performance obligation is
to ship the item sold as initiated by the customer. The price is set based on the third-party service provider selected to be used by
the customer as well as the speed and location of shipment. Revenue is recognized at a point in time when the shipping label is printed. 

Banner
Advertising Campaign Revenue consists of fees charged to customers for advertisement placement and impressions generated through the
GunBroker website. The performance obligation is to generate the number of impressions specified by the customer on banner advertisements
on the GunBroker website using the placement selected by the customer. The price is set by the GunBroker user agreement on the website
based on standalone selling prices, or by advertising insertion order as negotiated by media broker. If the number of impressions promised
is not generated, the customer receives a refund and the refund is applied to the transaction price. Banner advertising campaigns generally
run for one month, and revenue is recognized at a point in time at the end of the selected month. 

Product
Sales consists of fees charged for the liquidation of excess inventory for partner distributors. The performance obligation is to sell
and ship the inventory item as initiated by the customer. The price depends on whether the inventory is a fixed price item or an auction
item. For a fixed price item, the Company performs research to determine the current market rate for such an item, and the item is listed
at that price. For an auction item, the price is set by what the buyer is willing to pay. The Company acts as a principal in these transactions
due to the extent of control they have over the product prior to the sale. Due to the principal determination, gross revenue is recognized
at a point in time when the item has been shipped. 

Identity
Verification consists of fees charged to customers for identity verification in order to gain access to the GunBroker website. The performance
obligation is to process the identity verification as initiated by the customer. The price is set by the GunBroker user agreement on
the website based on a stand-alone selling price. Revenue is recognized at a point in time when the identity verification is completed. 

- 
 - 
 - 

B 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

C 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

D 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 - 

Disaggregated
Revenue Information 

The
following table represent a disaggregation of revenue from customers by category. We attribute net sales to categories by product or
services types; ammunition, ammunition casings, and marketplace fees. The Company notes that revenue recognition processes are consistent
between product and service type, however, the amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows may vary by each product type
due to the customers of each product and service type. 

Marketplace Fee Revenue 

- 

Ammunition Casings Sales 

Total Sales 

Ammunition
products are sold through Big Box retailers, manufacturers, local ammunition stores, and shooting range operators. We also
sell direct to customers online. In contrast, our ammunition casings products are sold to manufacturers. Marketplace fees are generated
through our Gunbroker.com online auction marketplace. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

All
sales are recorded upon shipment and, depending on credit worthiness of customer, the payment terms will vary from thirty (30) to sixty
(60) days. No refunds are allowed on any product shipped. 

Each
product manufactured by the Company has standard specifications and performance objectives. The Company has an extensive product testing
program and, if the Company were given notice of a product defect by a customer, the Company would request the return of the product
so that the manufacturing defect could be identified. 

,
 ,
and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 respectively. We incurred marketplace advertising expenses of 
and 
in cost of revenues for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. We did not have marketplace advertising expenses in cost of revenues for the year ended March 31, 2021. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

This
hierarchy requires us to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data, if available, when estimating fair
value. 

We
value all common stock issued for services on the date of the agreements, using the price at which shares were being sold to private
investors or at the value of the services performed. 

We
valued warrants issued for services at their respective grants dates during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 using valuation methods
and assumptions that consider, among other factors, the fair value of the underlying stock, risk free interest rate, volatility, and
expected life. 

- 

- 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 

- 

Expected term 
 years 
 years 

years 

Expected dividend yield 

- 

March 31, 2022 

Warrants issued for services 
 - 
 
 - 

March 31, 2021 

Warrants issued for convertible promissory notes conversion 
 - 
 
 - 

In
connection with our acquisition of Gemini, we used the Level 2 inputs in estimating the fair value of the transaction. Please refer to
Note 14. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

excise tax for all products sold into these channels. During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we recognized
approximately 
million, 
million, and million respectively, in excise taxes. For ease in selling to commercial markets, excise tax is included in our
unit price for the products sold. We record this through net sales and expense the offsetting tax expense to cost of goods
sold. 

. As of March 31, 2023, our bank
account balances exceeded federally insured limits, however, we have not incurred losses related to these deposits. 

We reflect changes in recognition
or measurement in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of common stock. Due to the loss from operations in the year ended March 31, 2023, there are no common shares added to
calculate the dilutive loss per share for that period as the effect would be antidilutive. The Company excluded warrants of 
for the year ended March 31, 2023 and warrants of 
and equity incentive awards of 
for the year ended March 31, 2022, from the weighted average diluted common shares outstanding because their inclusion would have
been antidilutive. 

Less: Preferred stock dividends 

() 
 
 - 
 
 Net income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Denominator: 

Weighted averaged shares of common stock - basic 

Effect of dilutive common stock purchase warrants 
 - 

- 
 
 Effect of dilutive equity incentive awards 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Weighted average shares
 of common stock - Diluted 

Basic earnings per share: 

Income/(loss) per share attributable to common stockholders - basic 

Diluted earnings per share: 

Income/(loss) per share attributable to common stockholders - diluted 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable,
 net 

The
following presents a reconciliation of our allowance for doubtful accounts for the periods presented: 

March 31, 2021 

Increase in allowance 

Write-off of uncollectible amounts 

Purchase accounting 

March 31, 2022 

Increase in allowance 

Write-off of uncollectible amounts 

March 31, 2023 

Raw materials 

Work in process 

Inventory net 

Building and Improvements 
 
 - 
 
 Furniture and Fixtures 

Vehicles 

Equipment 

Tooling 

Construction in Progress 

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Net property and equipment 

Depreciation
Expense for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 totaled ,
 , and ,
respectively. Of these totals , , and 
were included in cost of goods sold for the years ending March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. Additionally, , , and 
were included in depreciation and amortization expenses in operating expenses. 

on 
of eligible accounts and has an annualized interest rate of the Prime Rate published from time to time by the Wall Street Journal plus
 .
The agreement a contains fee of of the Maximum Facility assessed to the Company. Our obligations under this agreement are secured by present and future accounts receivables
and related assets, inventory, and equipment. The Company has the right to terminate the agreement, with 30 days written notice, upon
obtaining a non-factoring credit facility. This agreement provides the Company with the ability to convert our account receivables into
cash. We did not have an outstanding balance on our Factoring liability as of March 31, 2023. As of March 31, 2022, the outstanding balance
of the Factoring Liability was . Interest
expense recognized on the Factoring Liability for the year ended March 31, 2023 was ,
including of
amortization of the commitment fee, for the year ended March 31, 2022, ,
including of
amortization of the commitment fee, for the year ended March 31, 2021,
 , including of amortization of the commitment fee. 

On
June 17, 2021, this agreement was amended which extended the maturity date to . 

on eligible inventory and has The
agreement contains a fee of 
of the maximum loan amount assessed to the Company. On July 31, 2020, the Company amended its Revolving Loan and Security Agreement to increase the maximum inventory
loan amount to .
As of March 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the Inventory Credit Facility was 
 and no outstanding balance remained as of March
31, 2023 . Interest expense recognized on the Inventory Credit Facility for the year ended March 31, 2023 was ,
for the year ended March 31, 2022 was ,
including 
 of
amortization of the annual fee, and for the year ended March 31,
2021 was , including of amortization of the annual fee. 

at September 30, 2021. In January of 2022, we extended the lease of our second Manitowoc, WI location and increased
our Right of Use Assets and Operating Lease Liabilities by . We terminated our lease agreement in our first Manitowoc, WI location
during the year ended March 31, 2023. Accordingly, we decreased our Right of Use Assets and Operating Lease Liabilities by . 

As
of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, total Right of Use Assets were and , respectively. As of March 31, 2023 and
March 31, 2022, total Operating Lease Liabilities were and , respectively. The current portion of our Operating
Lease Liability on March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 is and , respectively, and is reported as a current liability. The
remaining of the total for the year ended March 31, 2023 and the of the total for the year
ended March 31, 2022 of the Operating Lease Liability is presented as a long-term liability net of the current portion. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidated
lease expense for the year ended March 31, 2023 was including of operating lease expense and of other lease
associated expenses such as association dues, taxes, utilities, and other month to month rentals. Consolidated lease expense for the
year ended March 31, 2022 was including of operating lease expense and of other lease associated expenses
such as association dues, taxes, utilities, and other month to month rentals. Consolidated lease expense for the year ended March 31, 2021 was including of operating lease expense
and of other lease associated expenses such as association dues, taxes, utilities, and other month to month rentals. 

The
weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for operating leases were years and , respectively
at March 31, 2023 and were years and , respectively at March 31, 2022. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total
 Lease Payments 

Less: Amount Representing Interest 

Present value of lease
 liabilities 

promissory note
was executed on March 14, 2020. The promissory note, under which was paid on March 25, 2019 using funds raised for the acquisition,
had a remaining balance at March 31, 2019 of . On April 30, 2019, the original due date of the note was subsequently extended
to April 1, 2020. . In May of 2019, the Company paid
 on the balance of the note. The note is secured by all the equipment purchased from JSC. JSC owned at least five percent (5 of our shares outstanding from March 2019 through March 16, 2021. 

Post-closing
of the transaction, it was made apparent that certain equipment that was agreed to be delivered free and clear by the Seller was not
achievable as Seller was not able to purchase equipment that Seller had leased. Accordingly, the remaining value of the promissory note
was reduced by . As a result of the change to the purchase price of the transaction, the Company reduced Equipment for a net
value of , decreased Other Intangible Assets by , increased Accounts Receivable by , and recorded an increase
to Deposits for worth of equipment that the Company agreed to transfer back to Seller. Consequently, accumulated amortization
has decreased by . Additionally, the Company entered into a lease to gain possession of the assets that were originally to be
transferred. 

On
June 26, 2020, the Company, Enlight Group II, LLC Enlight ), the Company s wholly owned subsidiary and JSC entered
into a Settlement Agreement pursuant to which the parties mutually agreed to settle all disputes and mutually release each other from
liabilities related to the Amended APA occurring prior to June 26, 2020. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Company shall pay
JSC and shall provide JSC with: (i) two new promissory notes, a note of related to the Seller Note and note of
 for inventory and services, which was reclassed from accounts payable, both with a maturity date of , (ii)
general business security agreements granting JSC a security interest in all personal property of the Company. Pursuant to the Notes,
the Company is obligated to make monthly payments totaling to JSC. In addition, the Notes have a mandatory prepayment provision
that comes into effect if the Company conducts a publicly registered offering. Pursuant to such provision, the Company: (a) of the shares of the Company s common stock issued to JSC under the Amended APA at a price
of 1.50 per share through so long as there are no defaults under the Settlement Agreement. 

As
a result of the Settlement Agreement, the Company agreed to forego in Construction in Progress that the parties had previously
agreed to exchange. As a result, the Company recognized a loss in operating expenses for the year ended March 31, 2021. 

On
November 5, 2020, the Company paid 
to JSC allocated as follows: (i) payment in full of Note A, representing the balance due from the Company to JSC relating to the
acquisition of Jagemann Munition Components in March 2019 and (ii) 
remitted in partial payment of Note B, resulting in the parties execution of Amended Note B which has a starting principal
balance of Amended Note B ). The Amended Note B principal balance carries a 
per annum interest rate and is amortized equally over the thirty six (36) month term. As a result of the payment in full of Note A
JSC shall release the accompanying security interest in Company assets which secured Note A. Concurrently, upon entry into Amended
Note B, JSC and the Company entered into the First Amendment to General Business Security Agreement to reflect a revised list of
collateral in which JSC has a security interest. The total interest expense recognized on Note A was 
for the year ended March 31, 2021. The total interest expense recognized on the original Note B was 
for the year ended March 31, 2021. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Company s balance of Amended Note B was at March 31, 2023 and at March 31, 2022. The Company recognized ,
 , and in interest expense on Amended Note B for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

On
May 3, 2019, the Company entered into a promissory note of with a shareholder of the Company. The original interest rate was
the applicable LIBOR Rate. The promissory note was amended and . The amended note bears interest at per month. The Company made in principal payments during the
nine months ended December, 2020 and the Note was paid in full in July of 2020. We recognized of interest expenses related to
the note during the year ended March 31, 2021. 

In
December of 2019, the Company entered into a Promissory Note of with Fred Wagenhals, the Company s Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Note originally matured on June 12, 2020 and had an interest rate at the applicable LIBOR
Rate. The promissory note has since been amended and the amended maturity date is . The Company made in principal
payments during the year ended March 31, 2021 and the Note was paid in full in July of 2020. The amended note bears interest at 
per month. We recognized of interest expense on the note for the year ended March 31, 2021. 

On
September 23, 2020, the Company and Enlight entered into a promissory note (the Forest Street Note with Forest Street,
LLC Lender ), an Arizona limited liability company wholly owned by our current Chief Executive Officer, Fred Wagenhals,
for the principal sum of million, which accrues interest at per annum. The Note has a maturity date of September 23, 2022. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Forest Street Note, 

On
December 14, 2020, the Company entered into a Debt Conversion Agreement with the Lender Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company and Forest
Street agreed to convert of the Note s principal into shares of the Company s common stock. The share
issuance occurred on December 15, 2020. As a result of the Debt Conversion Agreement the remaining balance of the Forest Street Note
was . On January 14, 2021, the Company paid the remaining in principal and accrued interest of the Forest Street
Note. The Company recognized in interest expense related to the Forest Street Note for the year ended March 31, 2021. 

On
January 22, 2021, the Company repurchased shares of the Company s common stock issued to JSC at a price of per
share pursuant to the Amended APA. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to the Borrower to pay a portion of the construction costs of an
approximately square foot manufacturing facility to be constructed on our property (the Loan ). The first advance
of Loan funds by Hiawatha was made on October 14, 2021 in the amount of . We received advances of Loan funds
approximately every month as our owner s equity was fully funded into the ongoing new plant construction project.
The Loan is an advancing term loan and not a revolving loan so any portion of the principal repaid cannot be reborrowed. 

Additionally,
on October 14, 2021, we issued a Promissory Note in favor of Hiawatha (the Note in the amount of up to 
with an interest rate of four and one-half percent ).
The maturity date of the Note is . Under the terms of the Loan Agreement, we are required to make monthly payments of which consists of principial
and interest until the maturity date, at which time the remaining principial balance of the Loan would become due. 

We
can prepay the Note in whole or in part starting in July 2022 with a prepayment premium of one percent of the principal being prepaid. 

For
the year ended March 31, 2023 approximately million of Loan funds were advanced including million of cash collateral or restricted
cash as security for the Loan. We made in principal payments for the year ended March 31, 2023. The restricted cash can be released
per the terms documented in the Loan Agreement filed with the Commission on Form 10-Q on February 14, 2022. During the year ended March
31, 2023, of restricted cash was released to the Company. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. 

During the year ended March 31, 2021,
we issued shares of common stock as follows: 

shares were
 sold to investors for 

shares were issued
 for the conversion of convertible promissory notes for 

shares were issued
 to investors for exercised warrants valued for 

shares were issued
 for cashless exercise of warrants 

shares were issued
 pursuant to a debt conversion agreement for 

shares were issued
 for services provided to the Company valued at 

shares valued
 at were issued to employees, members of the Board of Directors, and members of the Advisory Committee as compensation 

shares were issued
 to investors for in liquidation damage fees 

shares were repurchased from JSC for a total value of 
and subsequently cancelled 

During
the year ended March 31, 2022, we issued shares of common stock as follows: 

shares were issued in connection with our merger of Gemini Direct Investments, LLC valued at 

shares were issued to investors for exercised warrants valued for 

shares were issued for cashless exercise of warrants 

shares valued at were issued for services and equipment provided to the Company 

shares valued at were issued to employees, members of the Board of Directors, and members of the Advisory Committee as
 compensation 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023, we issued shares of common stock as follows: 

shares were issued to investors for exercised warrants valued for 

shares were issued for cashless exercise of warrants 

shares valued at were issued to employees, members of the Board of Directors, and members of the Advisory Committee as
 compensation 

Granted 

Exercised 

- 
 
 Forfeited or cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2021 

Exercisable at March 31, 2021 

SCHEDULE
OF OUTSTANDING AND EXERCISABLE STOCK PURCHASE WARRANTS 

Number of Shares 
 Weighted Averaged Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Life Remaining (Years) 
 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

- 
 
 Forfeited or cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2022 

Exercisable at March 31, 2022 

Number of Shares 
 Weighted Averaged Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Life Remaining (Years) 
 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

- 
 
 Forfeited or cancelled 

- 
 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2023 

Exercisable at March 31, 2023 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had warrants outstanding. shares of Common Stock
at an exercise price of per share until April 2025; (2) warrants to purchase shares of our Common Stock at an exercise
price of per share consisting of 16 of the warrants until August 2024, and 84 until February 2026; (3) warrants to purchase 
shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of until September 2024; (4) warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at
an exercise price of until November 2025, and (5) warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 
until February 2024. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to mandatory redemption or any sinking fund. In the event of the voluntary
or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company, the holders of shares for the Series A Preferred
Stock are entitled to be paid out of the Company s assets legally available for distribution to its stockholders i.e. ,
after satisfaction of all the Company s liabilities to creditors, if any) an amount equal to per share of the Series A Preferred
Stock, plus any amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends to the date of payment before any distribution or payment may be
made to holders of shares of Common Stock or any other class of or series of the Corporation s capital stock ranking, as to rights
to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, junior to the Series A Preferred
Stock. 

The
Company will pay cumulative cash dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock when, as and if declared by its board of directors (or a duly
authorized committee of its board of directors), only out of funds legally available for payment of dividends. Dividends on the Series
A Preferred Stock will accrue on the stated amount of per share of the Series A Preferred Stock at a rate per annum equal to 
(equivalent to per year), payable quarterly in arrears. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock declared by our board of directors
(or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors) will be 

Generally,
the Series A Preferred Stock is not redeemable by the Company prior to May 18, 2026. However, upon a change of control or delisting event
(each as defined in the Certificate of Designations), the Company will have a special option to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock for
a limited period of time. 

On
May 19, 2021, we entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Alexander Capital, L.P., as representative
of several underwriters (collectively, the Underwriters ), relating to a firm commitment public offering of newly
issued shares of our 8.75 Series A Preferred Stock at a public offering price of per share. Under the terms of the Underwriting
Agreement, we granted the Underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock from
us. The gross proceeds to us from the sale of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, before deducting underwriting discounts and
commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, was . The closing of the offering took place on May 21, 2021. 

On
May 25, 2021, we entered into an additional underwriting agreement with Alexander Capital, L.P. relating to a firm commitment public
offering of newly issued shares of our Series A Preferred Stock at a public offering price of per share. The closing of
the offering took place on May 27, 2021. The gross proceeds to us from the sale of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, before
deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, were . Additionally, the Underwriters
exercised its previously announced over-allotment option to purchase shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to that certain
Underwriting Agreement dated May 19, 2021, by and between us and Alexander Capital, L.P., as representative of the several underwriters
identified therein. We closed the exercise of the over-allotment option on May 27, 2021. The gross proceeds from the exercise of the
over-allotment option were , before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Preferred
dividends accumulated as of March 31, 2022 were . On August 27, 2021 the Board of Directors of the Company declared a dividend
on the Company s Series A Preferred Stock for the period beginning May 21, 2021 (the first issuance date of the Series A Preferred
Stock) through and including June 30, 2021 payable on September 15, 2021 to holders of record of Series A Preferred Stock on August 31,
2021 equal to per share. Dividends totaling were paid on September 15, 2021. On November 17, 2021, the Board of
Directors of the Company declared a dividend on the Company s Series A Preferred Stock for the period beginning July 1, 2021 through
and including December 14, 2021 payable on December 15, 2021 to holders of record of Series A Preferred Stock on November 30, 2021 equal
to per share. Dividends totaling were paid on December 15, 2021. On February 18, 2022, the Board of Directors
of the Company declared a dividend on the Company s Series A Preferred Stock for the period beginning December 15, 2021 through
and including March 14, 2022 payable on March 15, 2022 to holders of record of Series A Preferred Stock on February 28, 2022 equal to
 per share. Dividends totaling were paid on March 15, 2022. 

Preferred
dividends accumulated as of March 31, 2023 were . On February 17 , 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company declared a dividend
on the Company s Series A Preferred Stock for the period beginning December 15, 2022 through and including March 14, 2023 payable
on March 15, 2023 to holders of record of Series A Preferred Stock on February 28, 2023 equal to per share. Dividends totaling were
paid on March 15, 2023. On November 18,
2022, the Board of Directors of the Company declared a dividend on the Company s Series A Preferred Stock for the period beginning
September 15, 2022 through and including December 14, 2022 payable on December 15, 2022 to holders of record of Series A Preferred Stock
on November 30, 2022 equal to per share. Dividends totaling were paid on December 15, 2022. On August 17, 2022, the
Board of Directors of the Company declared a dividend on the Company s Series A Preferred Stock for the period beginning June 15,
2022 through and including September 14, 2022 payable on September 15, 2022 to holders of record of Series A Preferred Stock on August
31, 2022 equal to per share. Dividends totaling were paid on September 15, 2022. On May 12, 2022, the Board of
Directors of the Company declared a dividend on the Company s Series A Preferred Stock for the period beginning March 15, 2022
through and including June 14, 2022 payable on June 15, 2022 to holders of record of Series A Preferred Stock on May 31, 2022 equal to
 per share. Dividends totaling were paid on June 15, 2022. 

(the Assumed
Indebtedness and, (ii) the issued and outstanding membership interests in Gemini (the Membership Interests ), held
by the Seller, automatically converted into the right to receive (A) (the Cash Consideration ), and (B) 
shares of common stock of the Company, par value per share (the Stock Consideration ). 

In
connection with the Merger Agreement, the Company and the Seller agreed that the Stock Consideration consisted of: (a) shares
issued without being held in escrow or requiring prior stockholder approval; (b) shares issued subject to the Pledge and Escrow
Agreement; and (c) shares that will not be issued prior to the Company obtaining stockholder approval for the issuance (the
 Additional Securities ). 

The
total estimated consideration consisted of cash payment of less of acquired cash, a working capital adjustment
of , debt assumption and repayment upon closing of , contingent consideration of for Additional
Securities, and shares of AMMO Inc. Common Stock. The shares were valued at per share, the five-day average closing
price of the Company s Common Stock immediately preceding the signing of the binding agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, the Company completed a Post-Closing Adjustment following the close of the Merger equal to the Closing Working
Capital minus the Estimated Working Capital at closing of the Merger. Accordingly, the Company received a cash payment of and
adjusted the Estimated Working Capital Adjustment in the fair value of the consideration transferred to . 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In
accordance with the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations, the assets acquired, and the liabilities assumed have
been recorded at their respective fair values. The consideration in excess of the fair values of assets acquired, and liabilities assumed
are recorded as goodwill, which we expect to be deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill consists largely of the growth and profitability
expected from this Merger. 

Working capital adjustment 

Contingent consideration 

Common stock 

Assumed debt 

Fair
 value of consideration transferred 

Prepaid expenses 

Equipment 

Deposits 

Other Intangible assets (1) 

Goodwill (1) 

Right of use assets - operating leases 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Total Consideration 

(1)

We
recorded approximately million in transaction costs in the year ended March 31, 2022 related to the above acquisition. 

Unaudited
Pro Forma Results of Operations 

These
pro forma results of operations give effect to the acquisition as if it had occurred on April 1, 2021. Material pro forma adjustments
include the removal of approximately million of interest expenses and debt discount amortization and the addition of approximately
 million of depreciation and amortization expenses. 

Net income 

The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative
of the results of operations and financial position that would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed and taken place
on the dates indicated or the future consolidated results of operations or financial position of the Company. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accrued professional fees 

Income taxes payable 

Accrued sales commissions 

Unearned revenue 

Accrued interest 

Accrued payroll 

Other accruals 

Accrued liabilities 

of
the Urvan Group s costs, fees and expenses per the terms of the Settlement Agreement. Additionally, the Company issued 
shares of Common Stock for a total value of to an employee and issued shares of Common Stock for a total value of 
to an independent contractor as a result of termination without cause per the terms of the Settlement Agreement. 

The
foregoing summary of the Settlement Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety, by reference
to the full text of the Settlement Agreement, a copy of which was previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 in the Form 8-K filed with the SEC
on November 7, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023, we paid 
 in service fees to two independent contractors
of which 
 were created as a result of termination without
cause as a result of our Proxy Settlement Agreement. The two independent contractors 
 shares of our common stock for a total value
of 
 in addition to the issuances described in the
foregoing paragraphs. We issued 
 shares in the aggregate to its advisory committee
members for service for a total value of .
Through our acquisition of Gemini, a related party relationship was created through one of our Members of the Board of Directors by ownership
of entities that transacts with Gemini. We recognized 
 in Marketplace Revenue for the year ended March
31, 2022 that was attributable to that relationship. There was included in our Accounts Receivable at March 31, 2023 as a result of this relationship. 

During
the year ended March 31, 2022, we paid 
in service fees to an independent contractor and 
shares in the aggregate to its advisory committee members for service for a total value of .
Through our acquisition of Gemini, a related party relationship was created through one of our Members of the Board of Directors by
ownership of an entity that transacts with Gemini. We recognized 
in Marketplace Revenue for the year ended March 31, 2022 that was attributable to that relationship. There was included in our Accounts Receivable at March 31, 2022 as a result of this relationship. 

In
connection with the acquisition of the casing division of JSC, a promissory note was executed. On April 30, 2019, the note was subsequently
extended to April 1, 2020. payable in arrears monthly. On June 26, 2020, the
Company extended the promissory note until August 15, 2021. As of March 31, 2021, we accrued interest of related to the note.
The was paid in full on November 5, 2020. JSC owned at least five percent (5 of our shares outstanding from March 2019 through March
16, 2021. 

In
October of 2019, it was made apparent that certain equipment that was agreed to be delivered free and clear by the Seller was not achievable
as Seller was not able to purchase equipment that Seller had leased. Accordingly, the remaining value of the promissory note was reduced
by . As a result of the change to the purchase price of the transaction, the Company reduced Equipment for a net value of ,
decreased Other Intangible Assets by , increased Accounts Receivable by , and recorded an increase to Deposits for 
worth of equipment that the Company agreed to transfer back to Seller. Consequently, accumulated amortization has decreased by .
Additionally, the Company entered into a lease to gain possession of the assets that were originally to be transferred. 

Through
the Administrative and Management Services Agreement the Company with JSC, the Company purchased approximately incurred 
million in inventory support services, and 
of rent expenses for the year ended March 31, 2023. Through the Administrative and Management Services Agreement the Company with
JSC, the Company purchased approximately incurred 
million in inventory support services, and 
of rent expenses for the year ended March 31, 2022. For the year ended March 31, 2021, the Company purchased approximately million in inventory support services,
and incurred of rent expenses for the year ended March 31, 2021. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
June 26, 2020, the Company and JSC entered into a Settlement Agreement pursuant to which the parties mutually agreed to settle all
disputes and mutually release each other from liabilities related to the Amended APA occurring prior to June 26, 2020. 
and shall provide JSC with: (i) two new promissory notes, a note of 
related to the Seller Note and note of 
for inventory and services, both with a maturity date of , (ii) general business security agreements granting JSC a security interest in all personal property of the Company.
Pursuant to the Notes, the Company is obligated to make monthly payments totaling 
to JSC. In addition, the Notes have a mandatory prepayment provision that comes into effect if the Company conducts a publicly
registered offering. 
would be obligated to pay the lesser of ninety percent (90 of the Offering proceeds or seventy (70 of the then aggregate
outstanding balance of the Notes; and (b) upon the closing of an Offering of more than would be obligated to pay one
hundred percent (100 of the then aggregate outstanding balance of the Notes. The Company was granted an option to repurchase up to
 of the shares of the Company s common stock issued to JSC under the Amended APA at a price of per share
through April 1, 2021 so long as there are no defaults under the Settlement Agreement. 

On
November 5, 2020, the Company paid to JSC allocated as follows: (i) payment in full of Note A, representing the balance due
from the Company to JSC relating to the acquisition of Jagemann Munition Components in March 2019 and (ii) remitted in partial
payment of Note B, resulting in the parties execution of Amended Note B which has a starting principal balance of Amended
Note B ). The Amended Note B principal balance carries a per annum interest rate and is amortized equally over the thirty six month term. As a result of the payment in full of Note A JSC shall release the accompanying security interest in Company assets
which secured Note A. Concurrently, upon entry into Amended Note B, JSC and the Company entered into the First Amendment to General Business
Security Agreement to reflect a revised list of collateral in which JSC has a security interest. The total interest expense recognized
on Note A for the year ended March 31, 2021. The total interest expense recognized on the original Note B was for the
year ended March 31, 2021. 

The
Company s balance of Amended Note B was and at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company recognized
 , , and in interest expense on Amended Note B for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

On
January 22, 2021, the Company repurchased shares of the Company s common stock issued to JSC at a price of per
share pursuant to the Amended APA. 

On
May 3, 2019, the Company entered into a promissory note of with a shareholder of the Company. The original interest rate was
the applicable LIBOR Rate. The amended note bears interest at per month. The Company made in principal payments during the
nine months ended December, 2020 and the Note was paid in full in July of 2020. We recognized of interest expenses related to
the note during the year ended March 31, 2021. 

In
December of 2019, the Company entered into a Promissory Note of with Fred Wagenhals, the Company s Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Note originally matured on June 12, 2020 and had an interest rate at the applicable LIBOR
Rate. The promissory note has since been amended and the amended maturity date is . The Company made in principal
payments during the year ended March 31, 2021 and the Note was paid in full in July of 2020. The amended note bears interest at 
per month. We recognized of interest expense on the note for the year ended March 31, 2021. 

On
September 23, 2020, the Company and Enlight entered into a promissory note (the Forest Street Note with Forest Street,
LLC Lender ), an Arizona limited liability company wholly owned by our current Chief Executive Officer, Fred Wagenhals,
for the principal sum of million, which accrues interest at per annum. The Note has a maturity date of . 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Forest Street Note, 

On
December 14, 2020, the Company entered into a Debt Conversion Agreement with the Lender Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company and
Forest Street agreed to convert of the Note s principal into shares of the Company s common stock.
The share issuance occurred on December 15, 2020. As a result of the Debt Conversion Agreement the remaining balance of the Forest
Street Note was . On January 14, 2021, the Company paid the remaining in principal and accrued interest of the
Forest Street Note. The Company recognized in interest expense related to the Forest Street Note for the year ended March
31, 2021. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- 

US State 
 - 

- 

Total current provision 
 - 

- 

Deferred 

US Federal 

US State 

Total deferred benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 
 - 

() 
 
 Income tax (provision) benefit 

- 

to the income tax provision is as follows: 

SCHEDULE OF RECONCILIATION OF INCOME TAX 

2023 
 2022 
 
 2021 

Computed tax expense 

State taxes, net of Federal income tax benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 
 
 Employee stock awards 

() 
 
 Stock grants 

() 
 
 Stock for services 

() 
 
 Other 

Non-deductible meals entertainment 

Contingent consideration fair value 

Stock and Warrants on Note Conversion 

() 
 
 Total provision for income taxes 

The
Company s effective tax rates was for the year ended March 31, 2023. During the
year ended March 31, 2023, the effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to Employee stock awards. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- 

Loss on purchase 

Other 
 - 
 - 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Depreciation expense 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) 

Valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 

Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) 

The
Company accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC No. 740-10-25. ASC No. 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether
tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under ASC No. 740-10-25,
the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will
be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit to be recognized
is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. To
the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amount recorded, such differences impact income tax expense
in the period in which such determination is made. Interest and penalties, if any, related to accrued liabilities for potential tax assessments
are included in income tax expense. ASC No. 740-10-25 also requires management to evaluate tax positions taken by the Company and recognize
a liability if the Company has taken uncertain tax positions that more likely than not would not be sustained upon examination by applicable
taxing authorities. The Company has evaluated tax positions taken by the Company and has concluded that as of March 31, 2023 and 2022,
there are no uncertain tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, that would require recognition of a liability that would require
disclosure in the financial statements. 

The
Company has never had an Internal Revenue Service audit; therefore, the tax periods ended December 31, 2016, December 31, 2017 and March
31, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023 are subject to audit. 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of Goodwill generated from our Merger with Gemini. The balance of Goodwill at March 31 , 2023 and 2022 was . We did not have any goodwill prior to the year ended March 31, 2022 . 

Total
amortization expense of our intangible assets was ,
 
and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

- 
 - 
 
 Licensing Agreement Jeff Rann 

- 
 - 
 
 Streak Visual Ammunition patent 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 SWK patent acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Jagemann Munition Components: 

Customer Relationships 
 
 - 
 - 

Intellectual Property 
 
 - 
 - 

Tradename 
 
 - 
 - 

GDI Acquisition: 

Tradename 
 
 - 
 - 

Customer List 
 
 - 
 - 

Intellectual Property 
 
 - 
 - 

Other Intangible Assets 
 
 - 
 - 

Accumulated amortization Licensing Agreements 

- 
 - 
 
 Accumulated amortization Patents 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated amortization Intangible Assets 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

March 31, 2022 

Life 
 Licenses 
 Patent 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 
 Licensing Agreement Jesse James 

- 
 - 
 
 Licensing Agreement Jeff Rann 

- 
 - 
 
 Streak Visual Ammunition patent 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 SWK patent acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Jagemann Munition Components: 

Customer Relationships 
 
 - 
 - 

Intellectual Property 
 
 - 
 - 

Tradename 
 
 - 
 - 

GDI Acquisition: 

Tradename 
 
 - 
 - 

Customer List 
 
 - 
 - 

Intellectual Property 
 
 - 
 - 

Other Intangible Assets 
 
 - 
 - 

Accumulated amortization Licensing Agreements 

- 
 - 
 
 Accumulated amortization Patents 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated amortization Intangible Assets 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Annual amortization of
 intangible assets 

AMMO,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- 

Cost of Revenues 

- 

General and administrative expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

- 

Income/(Loss) from Operations 

Ammunition 
 Marketplace 
 Corporate and other expenses 
 Total 

For the Year Ended March 31, 2022 

Ammunition 
 Marketplace 
 Corporate and other expenses 
 Total 

Net Revenues 

- 

Cost of Revenues 

- 

General and administrative expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

- 

Income/(Loss) from Operations 

Ammunition 
 Marketplace 
 Corporate and other expenses 
 Total 

For the Year Ended March 31, 2021 

Ammunition 
 Marketplace 
 Corporate and other expenses 
 Total 

Net Revenues 
 
 - 
 - 

Cost of Revenues 
 
 - 
 - 

General and administrative expense 
 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 - 
 - 

Income/(Loss) from Operations 
 
 - 

Marketplace 

- 

Marketplace 

- 

shares of Common Stock to our employees, independent contractors and Members of our Board of Directors as compensation for a total
value of or per share. 

Note Payable Related Party Repayment 

Subsequent to March 31, 2023,
we repaid the remaining outstanding principal balance on Amended Note B. 

F- 30 

<EX-4.14>
 2
 ex4-3.htm

Exhibit
4.3 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

General 

As
of June 14, 2023, AMMO, Inc. (the Company has two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) our common stock, par value 0.001 per share; and (ii) our 8.75 
Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, 0.001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ). 

The
following description summarizes the most important terms of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. This summary does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, certificate
of designations of the Series A Preferred Stock, and bylaws, copies of which have been incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.3 is a part. For a complete description of our capital stock, you should refer to
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, certificate of designations of the Series A Preferred Stock, and bylaws, and to
the applicable provisions of Delaware law. 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, 0.001 par value per share, of which 1,680,000 have been designated Series A Preferred Stock. The outstanding shares of our common
stock and Series A Preferred Stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 

Common
Stock 

Listing 

Our
common stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol POWW. 

Dividend
Rights 

Subject
to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of our common stock will be entitled
to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then
only at the times and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine. 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters properly submitted to a vote of stockholders on which
holders of common stock are entitled to vote. We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election of directors in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. The directors will be elected by a plurality of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on
the election of directors. 

No
Preemptive or Similar Rights 

Our
common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights, and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Right
to Receive Liquidation Distributions 

If
we become subject to a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders would
be distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock and any participating preferred stock outstanding at that time, subject
to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation preferences,
if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
board of directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series,
to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and
rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in each case without further vote or
action by our stockholders. Our board of directors can also increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the class)
or decrease (but not below the number of shares then outstanding) the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, without any
further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion
rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock or other series of preferred stock.
The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible financings, acquisitions and other corporate
purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in our control of our company and
might adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

Listing 

Our
Series A Preferred Stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol POWWP. 

No
Maturity, Sinking Fund or Mandatory Redemption 

The
Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption. Shares of the Series
A Preferred Stock will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we decide to redeem or otherwise repurchase them. We are not required to
set aside funds to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Ranking 

The
Series A Preferred Stock will rank, with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation,
dissolution or winding up: 

(1) 
 senior
 to all classes or series of our common stock and to all other equity securities issued by us other than equity securities referred
 to in clauses (2) and (3) below; 

(2) 
 on
 a parity with all equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank on a parity
 with the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation,
 dissolution or winding up; 

(3) 
 junior
 to all equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the Series A
 Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution
 or winding up (please see the section entitled Voting Rights below); and 

(4) 
 effectively
 junior to all of our existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible to our common stock or preferred stock)
 and to any indebtedness and other liabilities of (as well as any preferred equity interests held by others in) our existing subsidiaries. 

Dividends 

Holders
of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds of
the Company legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 8.75 of the 25.00 per share liquidation
preference per annum (equivalent to 2.1875 per annum per share). Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock shall be payable on a quarterly
basis on the fifteenth day of each of March, June, September, and December; provided that if any dividend payment date is not a business
day, as defined in the certificate of designations, then the dividend that would otherwise have been payable on that dividend payment
date may be paid on the next succeeding business day and no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accrue on the amount so
payable for the period from and after that dividend payment date to that next succeeding business day. Any dividend payable on the Series
A Preferred Stock, including dividends payable for any partial dividend period, will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting
of twelve 30-day months, however, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock offered hereby will be credited as having accrued dividends
since May 21, 2021. Dividends will be payable to holders of record as they appear in our stock records for the Series A Preferred Stock
at the close of business on the applicable record date, which shall be the last day of the calendar month, whether or not a business
day, immediately preceding the month in which the applicable dividend payment date falls. As a result, holders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock will not be entitled to receive dividends on a dividend payment date if such shares were not issued and outstanding on
the applicable dividend record date. 

No
dividends on shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be authorized by our board of directors or paid or set apart for payment by us
at any time when the terms and provisions of any agreement of ours, including any agreement relating to our indebtedness, prohibit the
authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof or provide that the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof
would constitute a breach of the agreement or a default under the agreement, or if the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment
shall be restricted or prohibited by law. You should review the information appearing above under Risk Factors We may not
be able to pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock for information as to, among other things, other circumstances under
which we may be unable to pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will accrue whether or not we have earnings, whether or not there are funds
legally available for the payment of those dividends and whether or not those dividends are declared by our board of directors. No interest,
or sum in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series A Preferred Stock that may be
in arrears, and holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any dividends in excess of full cumulative dividends
described above. Any dividend payment made on the Series A Preferred Stock shall first be credited against the earliest accumulated but
unpaid dividend due with respect to those shares. 

Future
distributions on our common stock and preferred stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock will be at the discretion of our board
of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash flow from operations, financial condition and capital
requirements, any debt service requirements and any other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee
that we will be able to make cash distributions on our preferred stock or what the actual distributions will be for any future period. 

Unless
full cumulative dividends on all shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared
and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been or contemporaneously is set apart for payment for all past dividend periods, no
dividends (other than in shares of common stock or in shares of any series of preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to the
Series A Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) shall
be declared or paid or set aside for payment upon shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to,
or on a parity with, the Series A Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up. Nor shall any other distribution be declared or made upon shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue
ranking junior to, or on a parity with, the Series A Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Also, any shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to or
on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up shall not be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any consideration (or any moneys paid to or made available for
a sinking fund for the redemption of any such shares) by us (except by conversion into or exchange for our other capital stock that we
may issue ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up). 

When
dividends are not paid in full (or a sum sufficient for such full payment is not so set apart) upon the Series A Preferred Stock and
the shares of any other series of preferred stock that we may issue ranking on a parity as to the payment of dividends with the Series
A Preferred Stock, all dividends declared upon the Series A Preferred Stock and any other series of preferred stock that we may issue
ranking on a parity as to the payment of dividends with the Series A Preferred Stock shall be declared pro rata so that the amount of
dividends declared per share of Series A Preferred Stock and such other series of preferred stock that we may issue shall in all cases
bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends per share on the Series A Preferred Stock and such other series of preferred
stock that we may issue (which shall not include any accrual in respect of unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods if such preferred
stock does not have a cumulative dividend) bear to each other. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in
respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series A Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. 

Liquidation
Preference 

In
the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will
be entitled to be paid out of the assets we have legally available for distribution to our shareholders, subject to the preferential
rights of the holders of any class or series of our capital stock we may issue ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect
to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share, plus an amount
equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of payment, before any distribution of assets is made to
holders of our common stock or any other class or series of our capital stock we may issue that ranks junior to the Series A Preferred
Stock as to liquidation rights. 

In
the event that, upon any such voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, our available assets are insufficient
to pay the amount of the liquidating distributions on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts
payable on all shares of other classes or series of our capital stock that we may issue ranking on a parity with the Series A Preferred
Stock in the distribution of assets, then the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and all other such classes or series of capital
stock shall share ratably in any such distribution of assets in proportion to the full liquidating distributions to which they would
otherwise be respectively entitled. 

Holders
of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to written notice of any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up no fewer than 30 days
and no more than 60 days prior to the payment date. After payment of the full amount of the liquidating distributions to which they are
entitled, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. The consolidation or merger
of us with or into any other corporation, trust or entity or of any other entity with or into us, or the sale, lease, transfer or conveyance
of all or substantially all of our property or business, shall not be deemed a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us (although
such events may give rise to the special optional redemption to the extent described below). 

Redemption 

The
Series A Preferred Stock is not redeemable by us prior to May 18, 2026, except as described below under Special Optional
Redemption. 

Optional
Redemption. On and after May 18, 2026, we may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days written notice, redeem
the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share,
plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption. 

Special
Optional Redemption. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, we may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
written notice, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of
Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including,
the redemption date. 

In
connection with any redemption of Series A Preferred Stock, we shall pay, in cash, any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including,
the redemption date, unless a redemption date falls after a dividend record date and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date,
in which case each holder of Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on such dividend record date shall be entitled to the
dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the redemption of such shares before such
dividend payment date. Except as provided above, we will make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears,
on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed. 

Unless
full cumulative dividends on all shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared
and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been or contemporaneously is set apart for payment for all past dividend periods, no
shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be redeemed unless all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock are simultaneously redeemed
and we shall not purchase or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any shares of Series A Preferred Stock (except by exchanging it
for our capital stock ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up); provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent the purchase or acquisition by us of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock. 

Subject
to applicable law, we may purchase shares of Series A Preferred Stock in the open market, by tender or by private agreement. Any shares
of Series A Preferred Stock that we acquire may be retired and reclassified as authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, without
designation as to class or series, and may thereafter be reissued as any class or series of preferred stock. 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights, except as set forth below or as otherwise required by law. 

On
each matter on which holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, each share of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled
to one vote. In instances described below where holders of Series A Preferred Stock vote with holders of any other class or series of
our preferred stock as a single class on any matter, the Series A Preferred Stock and the shares of each such other class or series will
have one vote for each 25.00 of liquidation preference (excluding accumulated dividends) represented by their respective shares. 

Whenever
dividends on any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears for four or more consecutive or non-consecutive quarterly dividend
periods, the number of directors constituting our board of directors will be automatically increased by two (if not already increased
by two by reason of the election of directors by the holders of any other class or series of our preferred stock we may issue upon which
like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and with which the Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to vote as a class
with respect to the election of those two directors) and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock (voting separately as a class with all
other classes or series of preferred stock we may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which
are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of those two directors) will be entitled to vote for
the election of those two additional directors (the preferred stock directors at a special meeting called by us at the
request of the holders of record of at least 25 of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock or by the holders of any other
class or series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote
as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of those two preferred stock directors (unless the request is received less
than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of shareholders, in which case, such vote will be held at the
earlier of the next annual or special meeting of shareholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting until all dividends accumulated
on the Series A Preferred Stock for all past dividend periods and the then current dividend period have been fully paid or declared and
a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for payment. In that case, the right of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock to
elect any directors will cease and, unless there are other classes or series of our preferred stock upon which like voting rights have
been conferred and are exercisable, any preferred stock directors elected by holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall immediately
resign and the number of directors constituting the board of directors shall be reduced accordingly. In no event shall the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock be entitled under these voting rights to elect a preferred stock director that would cause us to fail to satisfy
a requirement relating to director independence of any national securities exchange or quotation system on which any class or series
of our capital stock is listed or quoted. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the total number of preferred stock directors
elected by holders of the Series A Preferred Stock (voting separately as a class with all other classes or series of preferred stock
we may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the
Series A Preferred Stock in the election of such directors) under these voting rights exceed two. 

If
a special meeting is not called by us within 30 days after request from the holders of Series A Preferred Stock as described above, then
the holders of record of at least 25 of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock may designate a holder to call the meeting at our expense. 

If,
at any time when the voting rights conferred upon the Series A Preferred Stock are exercisable, any vacancy in the office of a preferred
stock director shall occur, then such vacancy may be filled only by a written consent of the remaining preferred stock director, or if
none remains in office, by vote of the holders of record of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and any other classes or series
of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with
the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of the preferred stock directors. Any preferred stock director elected or appointed may
be removed only by the affirmative vote of holders of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and any other classes or series of preferred
stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which classes or series of preferred stock are entitled
to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of the preferred stock directors, such removal to be effected by
the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and any
such other classes or series of preferred stock, and may not be removed by the holders of the common stock. 

So
long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders
of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock outstanding at the time, given
in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting (voting together as a class with all other series of parity preferred stock
that we may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable), (a) authorize or create, or increase the authorized
or issued amount of, any class or series of capital stock ranking senior to, or on parity with, the Series A Preferred Stock with respect
to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up or reclassify any of our authorized
capital stock into such shares, or create, authorize or issue any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to
purchase any such shares; or (b) amend, alter, repeal or replace our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, including by
way of a merger, consolidation or otherwise in which we may or may not be the surviving entity, so as to materially and adversely affect
and deprive holders of Series A Preferred Stock of any right, preference, privilege or voting power of the Series A Preferred Stock (each,
an Event ). An increase in the amount of the authorized preferred stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, or the
creation or issuance of any additional Series A Preferred Stock or other series of preferred stock that we may issue, or any increase
in the amount of authorized shares of such series, in each case ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment
of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed an Event and will not require
us to obtain two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and all such other similarly
affected series, outstanding at the time (voting together as a class). 

The
foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be
required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon
proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust to effect such redemption. 

Except
as expressly stated in the certificate of designations or as may be required by applicable law, the Series A Preferred Stock do not have
any relative, participating, optional or other special voting rights or powers and the consent of the holders thereof shall not be required
for the taking of any corporate action. 

Information
Rights 

During
any period in which we are not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding,
we will use our best efforts to (i) transmit by mail (or other permissible means under the Exchange Act) to all holders of Series A Preferred
Stock, as their names and addresses appear on our record books and without cost to such holders, copies of the Annual Reports on Form
10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q that we would have been required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act if we were subject thereto (other than any exhibits that would have been required) and (ii) promptly, upon request, supply
copies of such reports to any holders or prospective holder of Series A Preferred Stock. We will use our best effort to mail (or otherwise
provide) the information to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which a periodic
report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the SEC,
if we were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, in each case, based on the dates on which we would be required to file
such periodic reports if we were a non-accelerated filer within the meaning of the Exchange Act. 

No
Conversion Rights 

The
Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into our common stock or any other security. 

No
Preemptive Rights 

No
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will, as holders of Series A Preferred Stock, have any preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe
for our common stock or any other security. 

</EX-4.14>

<EX-10.5>
 3
 ex10-5.htm

Exhibit
10.5 

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

This
Employment Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into January 3, 2022 effective January 1, 2022, (the Effective
Date between AMMO, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Fred W. Wagenhals Employee ). Company and Employee are sometimes referred to individually as Party and collectively as Parties . 

RECITALS 

A. The
Company is a public company and its securities are quoted in the over-the-counter market under the ticker symbol POWW 
and 

B. The
Employee and Company previously entered into an employment agreement dated March 24, 2020 having an effective date April 1, 2020 Prior
Agreement ); 

C. The
Employee has experience in running public and private companies and the Company desires to hire Employee to serve as its Chief Executive
Officer. 

D. The
Company and Employee desire to embody the terms and conditions of Employee s employment in a written agreement, which will supersede
all prior agreements of employment, whether written or oral, between the Company and Employee, including but not limited to the Prior
Employment Agreement, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of their mutual covenants and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
 I. 

 EMPLOYMENT
DUTIES AND TERM 

Section
1.1 Employment. 

(a) The
Company shall employ Employee as its Chief Executive Officer. In this capacity, Employee shall perform such duties, assume such responsibilities
and devote such time, attention and energy to the business of the Company at such locations as the Company s officers or Employee s
supervisor shall from time to time require; provided Employee shall not be required to relocate unless both Parties agree. 

(b)
Employee shall not, during the term of Employee s employment hereunder, be engaged in any other activities if such activities materially
interfere with Employee s duties and responsibilities for the Company. 

(c)
Employee shall perform the following duties: See Exhibit A for list of duties 

Section
1.2 Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date first written above and shall continue, unless sooner
terminated, until three (3) years following the Execution Date (the Initial Term ); provided the Parties may mutually
elect to terminate this Agreement at any time upon ninety (90) day written notice. Either Party shall have the right to extend this
Agreement for up to three (3) additional one (1) year terms (the Additional Terms, and collectively with the Initial
Term, the Term ). 

ARTICLE
 II. 

 COMPENSATION 

Section
2.1 Compensation. During the Term of Employment, Company shall pay and Employee shall receive the following compensation: 

(a)
 Salary . The Company shall pay Employee Four Hundred and Seventy Five Thousand Dollars 475,000.00) per year during the Term
paid in accordance with Company s normal payroll practices Salary ). 

(b)
 Stock Compensation. The Aggregate Restricted Share Compensation shall be 600,000 shares during the Initial Term. Employee
shall earn 200,000 shares per year during the Term, or 50,000 shares of restricted stock in the Company (the Shares per
quarter, which shall be earned and issued on a quarterly basis as is set forth on Exhibit B (the Restricted Shares Compensation ).
Exhibit C sets forth the stock restrictions of the Shares (the Share Restrictions ). 

(i)
The Restricted Share Compensation issued pursuant to this Section 2.1 , in each case shall not be subject to adjustment in the
event of a stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or similar event. The amounts granted herein are intended to remain unchanged
by such events unless expressly agreed upon by Employee and Company. 

(c)
 Performance Bonus . In addition, during the Term Employee shall receive a quarterly bonus equal to .25 of the gross sales
made by the Company, payable in arrears in cash Bonus ). The first quarter in which the Bonus shall be payable is December
31, 2021 (continuing unchanged from Employee s Prior Employment Agreement. The Bonus shall be calculated at the close of each respective
fiscal quarter end and shall payable as soon as practicable thereafter. 

Section
2.2 Participation in Employee Benefit Plans; Incentive Programs. Employee shall be entitled to participate in any employee benefit
plans, the Company may establish or adopt for the benefit of employees of the Company. During the Term the Company shall provide Employee
with health and medical insurance benefits with 100 of monthly premiums paid for by Company for the Employee and his/her immediate family. 

Section
2.3 Time Off . Employee shall be entitled to 4 weeks of paid time off per year, whether because of sickness, vacation or to service
Employee s outside business interest as Employee shall determine Time Off ). The timing of vacations shall be scheduled
in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Company. Accrued but unused Time Off shall roll over to the next fiscal year and shall not be
 use it or lose it Time Off. 

2 

Section
2.4 Expenses . The Company shall reimburse Employee s reasonable and actual out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Employee which
are approved in advance by the Company in the performance of his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement. 

ARTICLE
 III. 

 TERMINATION
OF EMPLOYMENT 

Section
3.1 Death Disability of Employee . In the event of the Employee s death during the Term of Employment, this Agreement
shall terminate immediately. If, during the Term, the Employee shall suffer a Disability within the meaning of Section
22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the Company may terminate the Employee s employment. Section 22(e)(3) provides,
in relevant part: An individual is permanently and totally disabled if he is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity
by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or
can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. In the event the Employee is terminated due to death
or Disability, the Employee (or his estate in the event of his death) shall be receive (i) all of Employee s unpaid Salary and
a severance benefit of three (3) months pay, (ii) all Restricted Share Compensation, including the unvested portion, (iii) all reimbursable
expenses and benefits owing to Employee through the date of Employee s death together with any benefits payable under any life
insurance program in which Employee is a participant, if applicable, and (iv) Employee s estate shall be entitled to pro-rata share
of the Bonus at the end the respective fiscal year. 

Section
3.2 Termination With Cause By Company . The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time during the Term for Cause 
upon written notice to Employee, upon which termination shall be effective immediately. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause 
means the following, without limitation: 

(a) Willful
 misconduct or willful failure by the Employee to perform his responsibilities to the Company
 or 
 
 (b) The
 conviction for any major felony involving moral turpitude that reflects adversely upon the
 standing of the Company in the community. 

Section
3.3 Termination Without Cause By Company . The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time during the Term without
 Cause upon 60 days written notice to Employee. 

Section
3.4 Termination By Employee for Good Reason . Employee may terminate this Agreement at any time by providing the Company
30 days written notice, with or without Good Reason. For purposes hereof, the term Good Reason shall
exist upon (i) a material diminution in the Employees Salary; (ii) a material diminution in the Employee s authority, duties
or responsibilities; (iii) a material change in geographic location at which the Employee performs services; or (iv) any material breach
by the Company of this Agreement. Good Reason Process means the following series of actions: (i) the Employee reasonably
determines in good faith that Good Reason exists, (ii) the Employee notifies the Company or the acquiring or succeeding corporation (if
applicable) in writing of the existence of Good Reason within 60 days of the occurrence of the event that gave rise to the existence
of Good Reason, (iii) the Employee cooperates in good faith with the Company s (or the acquiring or succeeding corporations, if
applicable) efforts to remedy the conditions that gave rise to the existence of Good Reason for a period of 30 days following such notice
(such 30 day period, the Cure Period ), (iv) notwithstanding such efforts, Good Reason continues to exist and (v) the Employee
terminates his employment within 30 days after the end of the Cure Period. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company or the acquiring
or succeeding corporation successfully remedies the conditions that gave rise to the existence of Good Reason during the Cure Period,
Good Reason shall be deemed not to have existed. In the event the Employee terminates employment under this Agreement for Good Reason,
the Employee shall be eligible to receive the severance benefits set forth in Section 3.6(b). 

3 

Section
3.5 Termination by the Employee without Good Reason. The Employee may terminate the Employee s employment with the
Company without Good Reason at any time subject to the Employee s provision of thirty (30) days advance written notice to
the Company (the Applicable Notice Period ), provided, however, that the Company may, in its sole discretion, in lieu of
all or part of the Applicable Notice Period, pay the Employee an amount equal to the Salary that would otherwise have been payable to
the Employee had the Employee remained employed for the duration of the Applicable Notice Period. In such instance, the Employee s
termination will become effective on the date set forth in a written notice of termination to be provided by the Company (the Early
Termination Date ), and the Employee will be paid an amount equal to the base Salary the Employee would have received had the Employee
remained employed by the Company between the Early Termination Date and the end of the Applicable Notice Period (the Early Termination
Payment ), with the Early Termination Payment to be made no later than the 30 th day following the end of the Applicable
Notice Period. 

Section
3.6 Compensation upon Termination . 

(a) In
the event that the Company terminates the Employee s employment hereunder due to a Termination for Cause or the Employee voluntarily
terminates employment with the Company without Good Reason, the Employee shall be entitled to accrued but unpaid Salary, Restricted Shares
Compensation which have vested, reimbursable expenses and benefits owing to Employee through the day on which Employee is terminated. 

(b)
 In the event that the Company terminates the Employee s employment hereunder due to a Termination without Cause or Employee
terminates the employment hereunder for Good Reason, Employee shall be entitled to compensation, including base Salary, the Aggregate
Restricted Shares Compensation set forth in Section 2.1 (b), the Bonus, and insurance benefits for a period of 12 months from the effective
date of termination (the Severance Period ). The Employee s reimbursable expenses shall be paid within 15 days of
Termination. Except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement, Employee will not be entitled to any other compensation upon termination
of this Agreement. 

(c) The
salary and fringe benefits to be paid are referred to herein as the Termination Compensation. Employee shall not be entitled
to any Termination Compensation unless, Employee complies with all surviving provisions of any confidentiality agreement that Employee
may have signed. 

(d) If
Employee terminates this Agreement by providing appropriate notice, the Company, at its election, Company may (i) require Employee to
continue to perform duties hereunder for the full notice period, or (ii) terminate Employee employment at any time during such notice
period, provided that any such termination shall not be deemed to be a termination without cause of Employee s employment by the
Company. Unless otherwise provided by this Section, all compensation and benefits paid by Company to Employee shall cease upon his last
day of employment. 

4 

Section
3.7 Change in Control . In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Employee s continuous status
as an employee of the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or Employee terminates the employment with the Company for Good
Reason, in either case upon or within twelve (12) months after a Change in Control CoC as defined below then, subject
to Employee s execution of a standard release of claims in favor of the Company or its successor, (i) Employee shall receive the
Salary for the duration of the Term, (ii) 100 of the total number of Restricted Shares Compensation which would be earned over the whole
Term shall immediately become vested and issuable (minimum 600,000 shares over Initial Term), and (iii) Employee shall be entitled to
the Bonus for the duration of the Term. 

As
used in this Agreement, Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if any person (as such
term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities
of the Company representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities; (ii) a sale
of substantially all of the assets of the Company; or (iii) a liquidation of the Company. 

ARTICLE
IV. 

 RESTRICTIVE
COVENANTS 

Section
4.1 Confidentiality . 

(a) Employee
recognizes and acknowledges that Employee has had and will continue to have access to various trade secrets and/or proprietary information
(collectively, the Confidential Information concerning the Company. Employee acknowledges that the Confidential Information
has been developed solely through the substantial efforts of the Company over a long period of time, and that such Confidential Information
is valuable and unique and constitutes a trade secret of the Company. 

(b) Employee
agrees to keep all Confidential Information of the Company in strict confidence and agrees not to disclose any Confidential Information
to any other person, firm, association, company, corporation or other entity for any reason except as such disclosure may be required
in connection with his employment hereunder. Employee further agrees not to use any Confidential Information for any purpose except on
behalf of the Company. 

(c) For
purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information shall mean any information, process or idea that is not generally
known in the industry, that the Company considers confidential and/or that gives the Company a competitive advantage, including, without
limitation: (i) books and records relating to operation, finance, accounting, sales, personnel and management, (ii) policies and matters
relating particularly to operations such as customer service requirements, costs of providing service and equipment, operating costs,
and price matters, and (iii) various trade or business secrets, including business opportunities, marketing or business diversification
plans, business development and bidding techniques, methods of processes, financial data and the like. If Employee is unsure whether
certain information or material is Confidential Information, Employee shall treat that information or material as confidential unless
Employee is informed by the Company, in writing, to the contrary. Confidential Information shall not include any information
which: (i) is or becomes publicly available through no act or failure of Employee; (ii) was or is rightfully learned by Employee from
a source other than the Company before being received from the Company; (iii) becomes independently available to Employee as a matter
of right from a third Party having lawful right to make such communication; or (iv) is developed by Employee independently of any Confidential
Information. 

5 

(d) Employee
further agrees that upon termination of his employment with the Company, for whatever reason, Employee will surrender to the Company
all of the property, notes, manuals, reports, documents and other things in Employee s possession, including copies or computerized
records thereof, which relate directly or indirectly to Confidential Information. 

Section
4.2. Remedies. If the provisions of this Article are violated, or threatened to be violated, in whole or in part, the Company
shall be entitled to a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction restraining or enjoining Employee from using or disclosing,
in whole or in part, such Confidential Information, without prejudice to any other remedies the Company may have at law or in equity.
If Employee violates this Article, Employee agrees that the Company would be irreparably harmed. 

ARTICLE
V. 

 CONDUCT 

Section
5.1 No Derogatory Statements. Employee shall not engage in any pattern of conduct that involves the making or publishing of written
or oral statements or remarks (including, without limitation, the repetition or distribution of derogatory rumors, allegations, negative
reports or comments) which are disparaging, deleterious or damaging to the integrity, reputation or goodwill of the Company, its competitors
or its management. 

ARTICLE
VI. 

 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section
6.1 Assignment; Binding Effect; Amendment. This Agreement and the rights of the Parties under it may not be assigned (except by
operation of law and except that it may be assigned by the Company to an Affiliated Entity) and shall be binding upon and shall inure
to the benefit of the Parties and their successors and assigns. This Agreement, upon execution and delivery, constitutes a valid and
binding agreement of the Parties enforceable in accordance with its terms and may be modified or amended only by a written instrument
executed by all Parties hereto. 

Section
6.2 Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive statement and expression of the agreement among the
Parties hereto with relation to the subject matter of this Agreement, it being understood that there are no oral representations, understandings
or agreements covering the same subject matter as this Agreement. This Agreement supersedes, and cannot be varied, contradicted or supplemented
by evidence of any prior or contemporaneous discussions, correspondence, or oral or written agreements of any kind. 

6 

Section
6.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original and all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 

Section
6.4 Notices . All notices or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and may be given by depositing
the same in United States mail, addressed to the Party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt
requested, by nationally recognized overnight courier or by delivering the same in person to such Party. 

(a) If
 to Employee, addressed to: 

Fred
Wagenhals 

 7681
E. Grey Road 

 Scottsdale,
AZ 85260 

(b) If
 to the Company, addressed to it at: 

Ammo,
Inc. 

 Attn:
Fred Wagenhals 

 7681
E. Grey Road 

 Scottsdale,
AZ 85260 

Notice
shall be deemed given and effective the day personally delivered, the day after being sent by overnight courier, subject to signature
verification, and three business days after the deposit in the U.S. mail of a writing addressed as above and sent first class mail, certified,
return receipt requested, or when actually received , if earlier. Any Party may change the address for notice by notifying the other
Parties of such change in accordance with this Section. 

Section
6.5 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Arizona,
without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Arizona or any other jurisdiction)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Arizona. 

Section
6.6 No Waiver. No delay of or omission in the exercise of any right, power or remedy accruing to any Party as a result of any
breach or default by any other Party under this Agreement shall impair any such right, power or remedy, nor shall it be construed as
a waiver of or acquiescence in any such breach or default, or of or in any similar breach or default occurring later; nor shall any waiver
of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default occurring before or after that waiver. 

Section
6.7 Captions . The headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only, and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement
or be used to construe or interpret any provision hereof. 

7 

Section
6.8 Severability. In case any prov1s1on of this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall, to the extent
possible, be modified in such manner as to be valid, legal and enforceable but so as most nearly to retain the intent of the Parties.
If such modification is not possible, such provision shall be severed from this Agreement. In either case the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section
6.9 Construction. The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity
or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption
or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.
Any reference to any federal, state, local or foreign statute shall be deemed to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
unless the context requires otherwise. The word including means including, without limitation. The Parties intend that
representations, warranties and covenants contained herein shall have independent significance. If any Party has breached any representation,
warranty or covenant contained herein in any respect, the fact that there exists another representation, warranty or covenant relating
to the same subject matter (regardless of the relative levels of specificity) that the Party has not breached shall not detract from
or mitigate the fact the Party is in breach of the first representation, warranty or covenant. 

Section
6.10 No Derogatory Statement. The Company shall not engage in any pattern of conduct that involves the making or publishing of
written or oral statements or remarks (including, without limitation, the repetition or distribution of derogatory rumors, allegations,
negative reports or comments) which are disparaging, deleterious or damaging to the integrity or reputation of Employee. 

Section
6.11 Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall indemnify, defend and hold Employee harmless from any liabilities, obligations,
claims, penalties, fines or losses resulting from any unauthorized or unlawful acts of the Company which contravene any applicable statute,
rule, regulation or order of any jurisdiction, foreign or domestic. 

Section
6.12 Headings. The headings used herein are for convenience only and do not limit the contents of this Agreement. 

8 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed effective as of the day and year first above written. 

AMMO,
 INC. 

/s/
 Robert Wiley 

By: 
 Robert
 Wiley 

Its:
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

EMPLOYEE 

/s/
 Fred Wagenhals 

By: 
 Fred
 Wagenhals 

Its:
 
 Chief
 Employee Officer 

9 

Supplemental
Information For 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

Dated
January 3, 2022 

The
following is a list of Exhibits to the above referenced Agreement, not attached herewith. Any omitted information will be furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

1. Exhibit A Roles And Responsibilities Chief Financial Officer For AMMO, INC. (the Company 

 2. Exhibit B The Restricted Shares Compensation 

 3. Exhibit C Share Restrictions 

10 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 4
 ex10-6.htm

Exhibit 10.6 

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

This
Employment Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into January 29, 2021 effective January 29, 2021, (the Effective
Date between AMMO, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Robert D. Wiley Employee ).
Company and Employee are sometimes referred to individually as Party and collectively as Parties . 

RECITALS 

A. The
Company is a public company and its securities are quoted in the over-the-counter market under the ticker symbol POWW 
and 

B. The
Employee has experience in running public and private companies and the Company desires to hire Employee to serve as its Chief Financial
Officer. 

C. The
Company and Employee desire to embody the terms and conditions of Employee s employment in a written agreement, which will supersede
all prior agreements of employment, whether written or oral, between the Company and Employee, pursuant to the terms and conditions set
forth herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of their mutual covenants and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
 I. 

 EMPLOYMENT
DUTIES AND TERM 

Section
1.1 Employment. 

(a) The
Company shall employ Employee as its Chief Financial Officer. In this capacity, Employee shall perform such duties, assume such responsibilities
and devote such time, attention and energy to the business of the Company at such locations as the Company s officers or Employee s
supervisor shall from time to time require; provided Employee shall not be required to relocate unless both Parties agree. 

(b)
Employee shall not, during the term of Employee s employment hereunder, be engaged in any other activities if such activities materially
interfere with Employee s duties and responsibilities for the Company. 

(c)
Employee shall perform the following duties: See Exhibit A for list of duties 

Section
1.2 Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date first written above and shall continue, unless sooner terminated,
until three (3) years following the Execution Date (the Initial Term ); provided either Party may mutually elect to terminate
this Agreement at any time upon ninety (90) day written notice. Either Party shall have the right to extend this Agreement for up to
three (3) additional one (1) year terms (the Additional Terms, and collectively with the Initial Term, the Term ). 

ARTICLE
 II. 

 COMPENSATION 

Section
2.1 Compensation. During the Term of Employment, Company shall pay and Employee shall receive the following compensation: 

(a)
 Salary . The Company shall pay Employee One Hundred and Thirty Thousand Dollars 165,000.00) per year during the Term paid
in accordance with Company s normal payroll practices Salary ). The Salary may be incrementally increased annually
upon review of Employee s performance of duties, at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

(b)
 Stock Compensation. Employee shall earn an aggregate 300,000 shares during the Initial Term, or 100,000 shares of restricted
stock in the Company (the Shares per year, which shall be earned and issued on a quarterly basis as is set forth on Exhibit
 B (the Restricted Shares Compensation ). Exhibit C sets forth the stock restrictions of the Shares (the Share
Restrictions ). (the Shares Delivery Date ). Company and Employee agree that Employee may file a Section 83(b) election
with the Internal Revenue Service in a form to be agreed to prior to the Commencement of Employment (the Shares Grant Date and which shall be filed by Employee within thirty (30) days of the Shares Grant Date. 

(i)
The Restricted Share Compensation issued pursuant to this Section 2.1, in each case shall not be subject to adjustment in the event of
a stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or similar event. The amounts granted herein are intended to remain unchanged by such
events unless expressly agreed upon by Employee and Company. 

(c)
 Performance Bonus . Employee shall be eligible to earn an annual bonus up to 20 of Employee s Salary to be issued in
the sole discretion of the Board of Directors Bonus ). The first year in which the Bonus shall be payable is March
31, 2021. 

Section
2.2 Participation in Employee Benefit Plans; Incentive Programs. Employee shall be entitled to participate in any employee benefit
plans, the Company may establish or adopt for the benefit of employees of the Company. 

Section
2.3 Time Off . Employee shall be entitled to 4 weeks of paid time off per year, whether because of sickness, vacation or to service
Employee s outside business interest as Employee shall determine Time Off ). The timing of vacations shall be scheduled
in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Company. Accrued but unused Time Off shall roll over to the next fiscal year and shall not be
 use it or lose it Time Off. 

Section
2.4 Expenses . The Company shall reimburse Employee s reasonable and actual out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Employee which
are approved in advance by the Company in the performance of his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement. 

2 

ARTICLE
III. 

 TERMINATION
OF EMPLOYMENT 

Section
3.1 Death Disability of Employee . In the event of the Employee s death during the Term of Employment, this Agreement
shall terminate immediately. If, during the Term, the Employee shall suffer a Disability within the meaning of Section
22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the Company may terminate the Employee s employment. Section 22(e)(3) provides,
in relevant part: An individual is permanently and totally disabled if he is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity
by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or
can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. In the event the Employee is terminated due to death
or Disability, the Employee (or his estate in the event of his death) shall be receive (i) all of Employee s unpaid Salary and
a severance benefit of 3 months pay, (ii) all Restricted Share Compensation, including the unvested portion, (iii) all reimbursable expenses
and benefits owing to Employee through the date of Employee s death together with any benefits payable under any life insurance
program in which Employee is a participant, if applicable, and (iv) Employee s estate shall be entitled to pro-rata share of the
Bonus at the end the respective fiscal year. 

Section
3.2 Termination With Cause By Company . The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time during the Term for Cause 
upon written notice to Employee, upon which termination shall be effective immediately. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause 
means the following, without limitation: 

(a) Willful
 misconduct or willful failure by the Employee to perform his responsibilities to the Company
 or 
 
 (b) The
 conviction for any major felony involving moral turpitude that reflects adversely upon the
 standing of the Company in the community. 

Section
3.3 Termination Without Cause By Company . The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time during the Term without
 Cause upon 30 days written notice to Employee. 

Section
3.4 Termination By Employee for Good Reason . Employee may terminate this Agreement at any time by providing the Company
30 days written notice, with or without Good Reason. For purposes hereof, the term Good Reason shall
exist upon (i) a material diminution in the Employees Salary; (ii) a material diminution in the Employee s authority, duties
or responsibilities; (iii) a material change in geographic location at which the Employee performs services; or (iv) any material breach
by the Company of this Agreement. Good Reason Process means the following series of actions: (i) the Employee reasonably
determines in good faith that Good Reason exists, (ii) the Employee notifies the Company or the acquiring or succeeding corporation (if
applicable) in writing of the existence of Good Reason within 60 days of the occurrence of the event that gave rise to the existence
of Good Reason, (iii) the Employee cooperates in good faith with the Company s (or the acquiring or succeeding corporations, if
applicable) efforts to remedy the conditions that gave rise to the existence of Good Reason for a period of 30 days following such notice
(such 30 day period, the Cure Period ), (iv) notwithstanding such efforts, Good Reason continues to exist and (v) the Employee
terminates his employment within 30 days after the end of the Cure Period. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company or the acquiring
or succeeding corporation successfully remedies the conditions that gave rise to the existence of Good Reason during the Cure Period,
Good Reason shall be deemed not to have existed. In the event the Employee terminates employment under this Agreement for Good Reason,
the Employee shall be eligible to receive the severance benefits set forth in Section 3.2 (e). 

3 

Section
3.5 Termination by the Employee without Good Reason. The Employee may terminate the Employee s employment with the
Company without Good Reason at any time subject to the Employee s provision of thirty (30) days advance written notice to
the Company (the Applicable Notice Period ), provided, however, that the Company may, in its sole discretion, in lieu of
all or part of the Applicable Notice Period, pay the Employee an amount equal to the Salary that would otherwise have been payable to
the Employee had the Employee remained employed for the duration of the Applicable Notice Period. In such instance, the Employee s
termination will become effective on the date set forth in a written notice of termination to be provided by the Company (the Early
Termination Date ), and the Employee will be paid an amount equal to the base Salary the Employee would have received had the Employee
remained employed by the Company between the Early Termination Date and the end of the Applicable Notice Period (the Early Termination
Payment ), with the Early Termination Payment to be made no later than the 30 th day following the end of the Applicable
Notice Period. 

Section
3.6 Compensation upon Termination . 

(a) In
the event that the Company terminates the Employee s employment hereunder due to a Termination for Cause or the Employee voluntarily
terminates employment with the Company without Good Reason, the Employee shall be entitled to accrued but unpaid Salary, Restricted Shares
Compensation which have vested, reimbursable expenses and benefits owing to Employee through the day on which Employee is terminated. 

(b)
 In the event that the Company terminates the Employee s employment hereunder due to a Termination without Cause, Employee shall
be entitled to compensation, including base Salary, the aggregate Restricted Shares Compensation set forth in Section 2.1 (b), the Bonus,
and insurance benefits for a period of 12 months from the effective date of termination (the Severance Period ). The Employee s
reimbursable expenses shall be paid within 15 days of Termination. Except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement, Employee will
not be entitled to any other compensation upon termination of this Agreement. 

(c) The
salary and fringe benefits to be paid are referred to herein as the Termination Compensation. Employee shall not be entitled
to any Termination Compensation unless, Employee complies with all surviving provisions of any confidentiality agreement that Employee
may have signed. 

(d) If
Employee terminates this Agreement by providing appropriate notice, the Company, at its election, Company may (i) require Employee to
continue to perform duties hereunder for the full notice period, or (ii) terminate Employee employment at any time during such notice
period, provided that any such termination shall not be deemed to be a termination without cause of Employee s employment by the
Company. Unless otherwise provided by this Section, all compensation and benefits paid by Company to Employee shall cease upon his last
day of employment. 

4 

Section
3.7 Change in Control . In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Employee s continuous status
as an employee of the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or Employee terminates the employment with the Company for Good
Reason (, in either case upon or within twelve (12) months after a Change in Control CoC as defined below then, subject
to Employee s execution of a standard release of claims in favor of the Company or its successor, (i) Employee shall receive the
Salary for the duration of the Term, (ii) 100 of the total number of Restricted Shares Compensation shall immediately become vested
and issuable, and (iii) Employee shall be entitled to the Bonus for the duration of the Term. 

As
used in this Agreement, Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if any person (as such
term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities
of the Company representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities; (ii) a sale
of substantially all of the assets of the Company; or (iii) a liquidation of the Company. 

ARTICLE
IV. 

 RESTRICTIVE
COVENANTS 

Section
4.1 Confidentiality . 

(a) Employee
recognizes and acknowledges that Employee has had and will continue to have access to various trade secrets and/or proprietary information
(collectively, the Confidential Information concerning the Company. Employee acknowledges that the Confidential Information
has been developed solely through the substantial efforts of the Company over a long period of time, and that such Confidential Information
is valuable and unique and constitutes a trade secret of the Company. 

(b) Employee
agrees to keep all Confidential Information of the Company in strict confidence and agrees not to disclose any Confidential Information
to any other person, firm, association, company, corporation or other entity for any reason except as such disclosure may be required
in connection with his employment hereunder. Employee further agrees not to use any Confidential Information for any purpose except on
behalf of the Company. 

(c) For
purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information shall mean any information, process or idea that is not generally
known in the industry, that the Company considers confidential and/or that gives the Company a competitive advantage, including, without
limitation: (i) books and records relating to operation, finance, accounting, sales, personnel and management, (ii) policies and matters
relating particularly to operations such as customer service requirements, costs of providing service and equipment, operating costs,
and price matters, and (iii) various trade or business secrets, including business opportunities, marketing or business diversification
plans, business development and bidding techniques, methods of processes, financial data and the like. If Employee is unsure whether
certain information or material is Confidential Information, Employee shall treat that information or material as confidential unless
Employee is informed by the Company, in writing, to the contrary. Confidential Information shall not include any information
which: (i) is or becomes publicly available through no act or failure of Employee; (ii) was or is rightfully learned by Employee from
a source other than the Company before being received from the Company; (iii) becomes independently available to Employee as a matter
of right from a third Party having lawful right to make such communication; or (iv) is developed by Employee independently of any Confidential
Information. 

5 

(d) Employee
further agrees that upon termination of his employment with the Company, for whatever reason, Employee will surrender to the Company
all of the property, notes, manuals, reports, documents and other things in Employee s possession, including copies or computerized
records thereof, which relate directly or indirectly to Confidential Information. 

Section
4.2. Remedies. If the provisions of this Article are violated, or threatened to be violated, in whole or in part, the Company
shall be entitled to a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction restraining or enjoining Employee from using or disclosing,
in whole or in part, such Confidential Information, without prejudice to any other remedies the Company may have at law or in equity.
If Employee violates this Article, Employee agrees that the Company would be irreparably harmed. 

ARTICLE
V. 

 CONDUCT 

Section
5.1 No Derogatory Statements. Employee shall not engage in any pattern of conduct that involves the making or publishing of written
or oral statements or remarks (including, without limitation, the repetition or distribution of derogatory rumors, allegations, negative
reports or comments) which are disparaging, deleterious or damaging to the integrity, reputation or goodwill of the Company, its competitors
or its management. 

ARTICLE
VI. 

 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section
6.1 Assignment; Binding Effect; Amendment. This Agreement and the rights of the Parties under it may not be assigned (except by
operation of law and except that it may be assigned by the Company to an Affiliated Entity) and shall be binding upon and shall inure
to the benefit of the Parties and their successors and assigns. This Agreement, upon execution and delivery, constitutes a valid and
binding agreement of the Parties enforceable in accordance with its terms and may be modified or amended only by a written instrument
executed by all Parties hereto. 

Section
6.2 Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive statement and expression of the agreement among the
Parties hereto with relation to the subject matter of this Agreement, it being understood that there are no oral representations, understandings
or agreements covering the same subject matter as this Agreement. This Agreement supersedes, and cannot be varied, contradicted or supplemented
by evidence of any prior or contemporaneous discussions, correspondence, or oral or written agreements of any kind. 

Section
6.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original and all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 

6 

Section
6.4 Notices . All notices or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and may be given by depositing
the same in United States mail, addressed to the Party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt
requested, by nationally recognized overnight courier or by delivering the same in person to such Party. 

(a) If
 to Employee, addressed to: 

Robert
D. Wiley 

 7681
E. Grey Road 

 Scottsdale,
AZ 85260 

(b) If
 to the Company, addressed to it at: 

Ammo, Inc. 

 Attn:
Fred Wagenhals 

 7681
E. Grey Road 

 Scottsdale,
AZ 85260 

Notice
shall be deemed given and effective the day personally delivered, the day after being sent by overnight courier, subject to signature
verification, and three business days after the deposit in the U.S. mail of a writing addressed as above and sent first class mail, certified,
return receipt requested, or when actually received, if earlier. Any Party may change the address for notice by notifying the other Parties
of such change in accordance with this Section. 

Section
6.5 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Arizona,
without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Arizona or any other jurisdiction)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Arizona. 

Section
6.6 No Waiver. No delay of or omission in the exercise of any right, power or remedy accruing to any Party as a result of any
breach or default by any other Party under this Agreement shall impair any such right, power or remedy, nor shall it be construed as
a waiver of or acquiescence in any such breach or default, or of or in any similar breach or default occurring later; nor shall any waiver
of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default occurring before or after that waiver. 

Section
6.7 Captions . The headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only, and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement
or be used to construe or interpret any provision hereof. 

Section
6.8 Severability. In case any prov1s1on of this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall, to the extent
possible, be modified in such manner as to be valid, legal and enforceable but so as most nearly to retain the intent of the Parties.
If such modification is not possible, such provision shall be severed from this Agreement. In either case the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

7 

Section
6.9 Construction. The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity
or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption
or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.
Any reference to any federal, state, local or foreign statute shall be deemed to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
unless the context requires otherwise. The word including means including, without limitation. The Parties intend that
representations, warranties and covenants contained herein shall have independent significance. If any Party has breached any representation,
warranty or covenant contained herein in any respect, the fact that there exists another representation, warranty or covenant relating
to the same subject matter (regardless of the relative levels of specificity) that the Party has not breached shall not detract from
or mitigate the fact the Party is in breach of the first representation, warranty or covenant. 

Section
6.10 No Derogatory Statement. The Company shall not engage in any pattern of conduct that involves the making or publishing of
written or oral statements or remarks (including, without limitation, the repetition or distribution of derogatory rumors, allegations,
negative reports or comments) which are disparaging, deleterious or damaging to the integrity or reputation of Employee. 

Section
6.11 Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall indemnify, defend and hold Employee harmless from any liabilities, obligations,
claims, penalties, fines or losses resulting from any unauthorized or unlawful acts of the Company which contravene any applicable statute,
rule, regulation or order of any jurisdiction, foreign or domestic. 

Section
6.12 Headings. The headings used herein are for convenience only and do not limit the contents of this Agreement. 

8 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed effective as of the day and year first above written. 

AMMO, INC. 

/s/
 Fred Wagenhals 

By: 
 Fred Wagenhals 

Its: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

EMPLOYEE 

/s/
 Robert D. Wiley 

By: 
 Robert D. Wiley 

Its: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

9 

Supplemental
Information For 

 EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

 Dated
March 24, 2021 

The
following is a list of Exhibits to the above referenced Agreement, not attached herewith. Any omitted information will be furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

1. Exhibit
 A Roles And Responsibilities Chief Financial Officer For AMMO, INC. (the Company 
 
 2. Exhibit
 B The Restricted Shares Compensation 
 
 3. Exhibit
 C Share Restrictions 

Page 1 of 3 

FIRST
AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This
First Amendment to Employment Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into effective January 29, 2021, with an effective
date as of January 29, 2021 (the Effective Date between AMMO, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
and Robert D. Wiley Employee ). Company and Employee are sometimes referred to individually as Party and
collectively as Parties . 

RECITALS 

A. The
 Company is in the business of the manufacture and sale of ammunition and ammunition components.
 The Company is a public company and its securities are quoted in the over-the-counter market; 

B. The
 Employee entered into employment agreement with the Company to continue employment as its
 Chief Financial Officer via that certain Employment Agreement dated January 29, 2021 Employment
 Agreement ); and 

C. The
 Company has agreed to increase Employee s annual salary as set forth in the Employment
 Agreement as of January 29, 2021 and the Parties therefore desire to modify and amend the
 Employment Agreement solely as set forth below to implement this compensation increase pursuant
 to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of their mutual covenants and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree to amend the Employment Agreement as follows: 

ARTICLE
II. 

 COMPENSATION 

1. Section
 2.1 of the Employment Agreement is modified solely as it concerns compensation to be paid
 to Employee commencing April 1, 2021. In this regard, the Company shall pay Employee One
 Hundred and Eighty-Five Thousand 00/100 Dollars 185,000.00) per year, remitted in
 the same manner and at such time as other key employees of Company receive their compensation. 

a. Except
 as specifically addressed above in Section 1 herein, the remaining terms and conditions set
 forth in Section 2.1 of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

2. All
 other terms and conditions set forth in the Employment Agreement (including all Exhibits
 thereto) shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between the
 terms of this Amendment and the Employment Agreement, the Employment Agreement shall govern
 and control. 

Page 2 of 3 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed effective as of the day and year first above written. 

AMMO,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Fred Wagenhals 

Name: 
 Fred
 Wagenhals 

Its: 
 CEO 

EMPLOYEE: 

/s/
 Robert D. Wiley 

Robert
 D. Wiley 

Page 3 of 3 

SECOND
AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into effective September 1, 2021, with
an effective date as of September 1, 2021 (the Effective Date between AMMO, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
and Robert D. Wiley Employee ). Company and Employee are sometimes referred to individually as Party 
and collectively as Parties . 

RECITALS 

D. The
Company is in the business of the manufacture and sale of ammunition and ammunition components. The Company is a public company and its
securities are quoted in the over-the-counter market; 

E. The
Employee entered into employment agreement with the Company to continue employment as its Chief Financial Officer via that certain Employment
Agreement dated January 29, 2021 Employment Agreement and the First Amendment to the Employment Agreement; and 

F. The
Company has agreed to increase Employee s annual salary as set forth in the Employment Agreement as of January 29, 2021 and the
First Amendment to the Employment Agreement and the Parties therefore desire to modify and amend the Employment Agreement solely as set
forth below to implement this compensation increase pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of their mutual covenants and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree to amend the Employment Agreement as follows: 

ARTICLE
 II. 

 COMPENSATION 

3. Section
2.1 of the Employment Agreement is modified solely as it concerns compensation to be paid to Employee commencing September 1, 2021. In
this regard, the Company shall pay Employee Two Hundred and Forty Thousand 00/100 Dollars 240,000.00) per year, remitted in the
same manner and at such time as other key employees of Company receive their compensation 

a. Except
as specifically addressed above in Section 1 herein, the remaining terms and conditions set forth in Section 2.1 of the Employment Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect. 

4. All
other terms and conditions set forth in the Employment Agreement (including all Exhibits thereto) shall remain in full force and effect.
In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Amendment and the Employment Agreement, the Employment Agreement shall govern
and control. 

Page 1 of 2 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed effective as of the day and year first above written. 

AMMO,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Fred Wagenhals 

Name: 
 Fred
 Wagenhals 

Its: 
 CEO 

EMPLOYEE: 

/s/
 Robert D. Wiley 

Robert
 D. Wiley 

Page 2 of 2 

THIRD
AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This
 Third Amendment to Employment Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into effective June 12, 2023, with an
effective date as of June 1, 2023 (the Effective Date between AMMO, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
and Robert D. Wiley Employee ). Company and Employee are sometimes referred to individually as Party 
and collectively as Parties . 

RECITALS 

G. The
Company is in the business of the manufacture and sale of ammunition and ammunition components. The Company is a public company and its
securities are quoted in the over-the-counter market; 

H. The
Employee entered into employment agreement with the Company to continue employment as its Chief Financial Officer via that certain Employment
Agreement dated January 29, 2021 Employment Agreement ), as amended, and 

I. The
Company has agreed to increase Employee s annual salary as set forth in the Employment Agreement as of January 29, 2021, as amended,
and the Parties therefore desire to modify and amend the Employment Agreement solely as set forth below to implement this compensation
increase pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of their mutual covenants and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree to amend the Employment Agreement as follows: 

ARTICLE
 II. 

 COMPENSATION 

5. Section
2.1 of the Employment Agreement is modified solely as it concerns compensation to be paid to Employee commencing June 1, 2023. In this
regard, the Company shall pay Employee Three Hundred and Twenty Five Thousand 00/100 Dollars 325,000.00) per year, remitted in
the same manner and at such time as other key employees of Company receive their compensation 

a. Except
as specifically addressed above in Section 1 herein, the remaining terms and conditions set forth in Section 2.1 of the Employment Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect. 

6. All
other terms and conditions set forth in the Employment Agreement (including all Exhibits thereto) shall remain in full force and effect.
In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Amendment and the Employment Agreement, the Employment Agreement shall govern
and control. 

Page 1 of 2 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed effective as of the day and year first above written. 

AMMO,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Fred Wagenhals 

Name: 
 Fred
 Wagenhals 

Its: 
 CEO 

EMPLOYEE: 

/s/
 Robert D. Wiley 

Robert
 D. Wiley 

Page 2 of 2 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES 

AMMO,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, had the subsidiaries shown below as of June 14, 2023. AMMO, Inc. is not a subsidiary of any other entity. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Ammo
 Munitions, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Ammo
 Technologies Inc. 
 
 Arizona 
 
 Enlight
 Group II, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Firelight
 Group I, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 SNI
 LLC 
 
 Arizona 
 
 Speedlight
 Group I, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 GB
 Investments, Inc. (wholly owned subsidiary of Speedlight Group I, LLC) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA
 Tech, LLC (wholly owned subsidiary of GB Investments, Inc.) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Cloud
 Catalyst Technologies, LLC (wholly owned subsidiary of IA Tech, LLC) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Enthusiast
 Commerce, LLC (wholly owned subsidiary of IA Tech, LLC) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Outdoors
 Online, LLC f/k/a GunBroker.com, LLC (wholly owned subsidiary of IA Tech, LLC) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 S T
 Logistics, LLC (wholly owned subsidiary of IA Tech, LLC) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Outdoor
 Liquidators, LLC (wholly owned subsidiary of Enthusiast Commerce, LLC) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Outsource
 Commerce, LLC (wholly owned subsidiary of Enthusiast Commerce, LLC) 
 
 Delaware

RightFit
 Direct, LLC (wholly owned subsidiary of Enthusiast Commerce, LLC) 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Ammo, Inc. on Form S-8 (No. 333-251677) and Form S-3 (No.
333-252786) of our reports dated June 14, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ammo, Inc. for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

/s/
PANNELL KERR FORSTER OF TEXAS, P.C. 

Houston,
Texas 

 June
14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 EXCHANGE
ACT RULES 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF2002 

I,
Fred W. Wagenhals, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AMMO, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 June 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Fred W. Wagenhals 

Name: 
 Fred
 W. Wagenhals 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 EXCHANGE
ACT RULES 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF2002 

I,
Robert D. Wiley, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AMMO, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 June 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert D. Wiley 

Name: 
 Robert
 D. Wiley 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with Annual Report of AMMO, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Fred W. Wagenhals, Chief Executive
Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 June 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Fred W. Wagenhals 

Name: 
 Fred
 W. Wagenhals 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with Annual Report of AMMO, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Robert D. Wiley, Chief Financial
Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 June 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert D. Wiley 

Name: 
 Robert
 D. Wiley 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 poww-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 poww-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 poww-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 poww-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

