<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1138608_0001477932-23-002660.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5395768</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>249779</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>900554</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1322494</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1206759</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1623667</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-002660.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417162532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-002660
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLOOMIOS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001138608
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				874696476
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50026
		FILM NUMBER:		23824245

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 ANACAPA STREET, SUITE C
		CITY:			SANTA BARBARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		805-222-6330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 ANACAPA STREET, SUITE C
		CITY:			SANTA BARBARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XLR MEDICAL CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040917

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RELAY MINES LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010417

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-002660.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 blms_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

blms_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended: TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ______ to ______ Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of corporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of registrant s principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common Stock (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 17(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, was approximately . As of April 12, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Items 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. TABLE OF CONTENTS CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 3 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 4 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 7 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 7 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 7 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 7 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 7 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 8 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 8 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 8 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 10 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA F-1 NOTE 1 - BUSINESS ACTIVITY F-7 NOTE 2 - GOING CONCERN F-7 NOTE 3 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES F-7 NOTE 4 - WRITE-OFF OF PAYABLES, RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND ACCRUED INTEREST OCCURRING PRIOR TO THE COMPANY ABANDONMENT F-12 NOTE 5 - EQUITY F-16 NOTE 6 - MATERIAL EVENTS F-24 NOTE 7 - NOTES PAYABLE F-24 NOTE 8 - WARRANTS F-28 NOTE 9 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS F-30 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 11 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 11 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 12 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 13 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 16 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 17 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 18 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 18 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 19 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 Annual Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created by those laws. We have based our forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. Our forward- looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of operations. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included or incorporated by reference in this report that ad dress activities, events or developments that we expect or anticipate may occur in the future, including such things as the growth of our business and operations, our business strategy, competitive strengths, goals, plans, future capital expenditures and references to future successes may be considered forward-looking statements. Also, when we use words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan, probably, or similar expressions, we are making forward-looking statements. Numerous risks and uncertainties may impact the matters addressed by our forward-looking statements, any of which could negatively and materially affect our future financial results and performance. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying our forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of these assumptions, and, therefore, the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions, could themselves prove to be inaccurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements that are included in this report, our inclusion of this information is not a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, any forward-looking event discussed in this report may not occur. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and we undertake no obligation to update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or other developments, unless the securities laws require us to do so. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Business Bloomios manufactures, markets and distributes U.S. hemp-derived supplements and cosmetic products through wholesale distribution channels in the United States of America, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Bloomios Private Label BPL ). BPL provides innovative and quality manufacturing, processing, sourcing and distribution of hemp-derived, nootropic and nutraceutical products to wholesalers and retailers. BPL provides support at each step from custom formulation, order fulfillment, and brand development. We offer our private-label and white-label customers large collections of customizable hemp products that includes over 80 products across 7 categories in addition to custom formulation and manufacturing services. Our product categories include edibles, tinctures, oils, salves, capsules, balms, lotions, creams, beverages and pet treats. Our Company manufactures hemp infused products ranging from human edibles, pet edibles, liquid consumables such as tinctures and shots, topicals, and smokable hemp. Each of these products are infused with hemp extract. Our human edibles are either tumbled with hemp extracts that stick to the surface of the edibles or made from scratch with hemp extract being cooked into gelatin or pectin bases and extruded into molds to shape them. Our liquid consumables are infused by mixing food grade bases (Such as hemp seed, MCT oil, or water) with food grade flavoring and hemp extract. Our topicals are infused by mixing topical cream bases with hemp extract. Our smokable hemp contains no more than 0.3 of Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) by dry weight basis and is rolled into hemp paper with a filter. We conduct third-party testing and test all of our products in-house utilizing High-Performance Liquid Chromatography HPLC to ensure that no final product contains more than 0.3 of total THC. All products are marketed as products infused with hemp extract with no more than 0.3 of THC on a dry weight basis. The products are not currently marketed to consumers and are currently only sold to wholesalers. The Company attends trade shows for manufacturers and wholesalers to market our products. All products are labeled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Further, the Company maintains its own in-house testing lab in which it tracks and tests all batches of products, which it provides to its clients. The Company believes that its testing process meets or exceeds industry standards. Bloomios is headquartered in Santa Barbara, California with its operations in Daytona Beach, Florida. Bloomios intends to grow by increasing production capacity and by an acquisition strategy that is currently in development. Currently, Bloomios is principally a business-to-business operation. History Bloomios we, us, the Company or like terms) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 2, 2001. On November 30, 2020, Mr. Bryan Glass, the President and a sole director of the Company, resigned from both positions as part of his departure from the Company. Mr. Glass served as the President, Secretary and Treasurer and a member of our Board since November 30, 2018. This resignation is not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter related to the Company s operations, policies, or practices. On November 30, 2020, the board of directors appointed Mr. Michael Hill, as the sole director of the Company, and as interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The board of directors has agreed to compensate Mr. Hill at a rate of 25,000 per month during his interim service to the Company. On April 12, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition CBDBP. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company issued 10,000 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock at .00001 per share (the par value) and 800 shares of its Series B Preferred Stock at .00001 per share (the par value), and no shares of the Series C Preferred Stock, to the owners of CBDBP as the purchase price. The acquisition of CBD Brand Partners, LLC, by Bloomios, Inc. (formerly XLR Medical Corp) was treated as a capital transaction because Bloomios was a non-operating public shell company. Pursuant to ASC 805, the transaction does not meet the definition of a business. Therefore, we accounted for the transaction as a capital transaction and the shares issued for the transactions were valued at Par .00001) and recorded to additional paid in capital, since the net assets of Bloomios, Inc. were negative (~ 30,000). 4 Table of Contents The financial statements have been prepared on a consolidated basis. The consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The financial statements and notes are representations of the Company s management, who is responsible for their integrity and objectivity. On June 16, 2021, the Company appointed Mr. Barrett Evans as Chief Strategy Officer, President and Director, and Mr. John Bennett as Chief Financial Officer and Director, as previously reported on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021. Current Operations and Strategy Bloomios manufactures, markets and distributes U.S. hemp-derived supplements and cosmetic products through wholesale distribution channels in the United States of America, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Bloomios Private Label BPL ). BPL provides innovative and quality manufacturing, processing, sourcing and distribution of hemp-derived, nootropic and nutraceutical products to wholesalers and retailers. BPL provides support at each step from custom formulation, order fulfillment, and brand development. We offer our private-label and white-label customers large collections of customizable hemp products that includes over 80 products across 7 categories in addition to custom formulation and manufacturing services. Our product categories include edibles, tinctures, oils, salves, capsules, balms, lotions, creams, beverages and pet treats. Our Company manufactures hemp infused products ranging from human edibles, pet edibles, liquid consumables such as tinctures and shots, topicals, and smokable hemp. Each of these products are infused with hemp extract. Our human edibles are either tumbled with hemp extracts that stick to the surface of the edibles or made from scratch with hemp extract being cooked into gelatin or pectin bases and extruded into molds to shape them. Our liquid consumables are infused by mixing food grade bases (Such as hemp seed, MCT oil, or water) with food grade flavoring and hemp extract. Our topicals are infused by mixing topical cream bases with hemp extract. Our smokable hemp contains no more than 0.3 of Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) by dry weight basis and is rolled into hemp paper with a filter. We conducts third-party testing and test all of our products in-house utilizing High-Performance Liquid Chromatography HPLC to ensure that no final product contains more than 0.3 of total THC. All products are marketed as products infused with hemp extract with no more than 0.3 of THC on a dry weight basis. The products are not currently marketed to consumers and are currently only sold to wholesalers. The Company attends trade shows for manufacturers and wholesalers to market our products. All products are labeled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Further, the Company maintains its own in-house testing lab in which it tracks and tests all batches of products, which it provides to its clients. The Company believes that its testing process meets or exceeds industry standards. Bloomios is headquartered in Santa Barbara, California with its operations in Daytona Beach, Florida. Bloomios intends to grow by increasing production capacity and by an acquisition strategy that is currently in development. Currently, Bloomios is principally a business-to-business operation. On April 19, 2021, the Company filed what is commonly called a Super 8K that provides the information that would be filed via a Form 10 registration. Upon making that filing with the SEC disclosing the cessation of the Company s status as a shell company. Due to the Company s former shell status, certain exemptions are not available for different mandated periods of time. The Company is prohibited from using Form S-8 until sixty calendar days after the date it filed its Super 8K. Additionally, Rule 144 under the Act provides an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and allows the holders of restricted securities to sell their securities utilizing one of the provisions of this Rule. However, Rule 144 specifically precludes reliance by holders of securities of shell companies such as ours has been historically classified or any issuer that has been at any time previously a shell company, except if the following conditions are met: The issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; The issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; The issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than current reports on Form 8-K; and At least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current comprehensive disclosure with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. The Company has met all of the conditions above. 5 Table of Contents Application of Penny Stock Rules Our common stock is a penny stock, as defined in Rule 3a51-1 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, among other things, prior to a transaction in penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. A broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that the broker-dealer, not otherwise exempt from such rules, must make a special written determination that the penny stock is suitable for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure rules have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. So long as our common stock is subject to the penny stock rules, it may be more difficult for us and you to sell your common stock. Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status Emerging Growth Company We are an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes- Oxley Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We intend to take advantage of all of these exemptions. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards, and delay compliance with new or revised accounting standards until those standards are applicable to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We could be an emerging growth company until the last day of the first fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our first common equity offering, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier if our annual revenues exceed 1.0 billion, if we issue more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt in any three-year period or if we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. Smaller Reporting Company We also qualify as a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, which is defined as a company with a public equity float of less than 250 million or it has less than 100 million in annual revenues and no public float or public float of less than 700 million. To the extent that were main a smaller reporting company, we will have reduced disclosure requirements for our public filings, including: (1) less extensive narrative disclosure than required of other reporting companies, particularly in the description of executive compensation and (2) the requirement to provide only two years of audited financial statements, instead of three years. In addition, until such time as the public float of our common stock exceeds 75 million, we will be a non-accelerated filer and will not be required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. 6 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. As a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, the Company has elected to comply with certain scaled disclosure reporting obligations, and therefore does not have to provide the information required by this item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We maintain our principal executive offices at 701 Anacapa Street, Suite C, Santa Barbara, California, where our Executive Officers maintain a business office. We use this office space is provided by one our executives free of charge. The Company leases a 51,000 square foot facility from an unrelated third-party in Daytona Beach, Florida. The lease is a sublease and calls for monthly base rent of 28,741.05 from May 2021 to April 2022, and monthly base rent of 29,315 from May 2022 to April 2023. The Company has extended the lease through April 30, 2025, at a monthly base rent of 29,901 per month and increasing by 2 annually. The Company also has an option to extend the lease for an additional period of 2 years on similar terms. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not presently a party to any material litigation, nor to the knowledge of management is any litigation threatened against us that may materially affect us. The Company currently has two judgments against it, one of which has reached a payment agreement and the other is currently in negotiation. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 7 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Shares of the Company s common stock are traded on the OTCQB Market under the trading symbol BLMS . Holders As of April 15, 2023, we had approximately 197 shareholders holding 29,949,538 shares of common stock. Dividends Holders of common stock are entitled to dividends when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available therefore. We have never declared cash dividends on its common stock and our Board of Directors does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future as it intends to retain future earnings to finance the growth of our businesses. There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that restrict us from declaring dividends. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans On October 18, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved the Bloomios 2021 Incentive Stock Option Plan. The Company has awarded 3,650,000 of the total 5,500,000 options that are available under the plan. The issuance of any of our common or preferred stock is within the discretion of our Board of Directors, which has the power to issue any or all of our authorized but unissued shares without stockholder approval. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview The Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all subsidiaries in which the Company holds a controlling financial interest as of the financial statement date. Results of Operations Results of Operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 6,077,080, compared to 8,491,651 for the same period in 2020. The decrease in revenue is due to a downtime while the Company increased capacity by building out additional manufacturing space and equipment and a general slowdown of business in the fourth quarter of 2022, and integration challenges from the Company s recent acquisition. 8 Table of Contents Our cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 3,849,002, compared to 4,708,195 for the same period in 2021. The increase in cost of goods is directly correlated with the growth in revenue. Our general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 1,548,748, compared to 897,335 for the same period in 2021. This increase was mainly due to 2022 ramping up to increased production expectations in 2022 and 2023. Our salaries expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 1,799,199, compared to 1,576,544 for the same period in 2021. This increase was mainly due to 2022 ramping up to increased production expectations in 2022 and 2023. Our rent expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 528,570, compared to 422,527 for the same period in 2021. This increase was mainly due to rent rate increase in 2022. Our Utilities expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 142,260, compared to 120,414 for the same period in 2021. Our professional fees expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 320,800, compared to 1106,750 for the same period in 2021. This increase was mainly due to increased acquisition effort in 2022. Our consulting expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 997,824 compared to 721,862for the same period in 2020. This increase was mainly due to increased acquisition effort in 2022. Our depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 439,043, compared to 381,169 for the same period in 2021. This was mainly due to the increase in Capital equipment expenditures. Our bad debt expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 60,879, compared to 80,000 for the same period in 2021. Our share-based expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 531,119, compared to 277,333 the same period in 2020. This increase was mainly due to the adoption of our stock option plan. Our gain on debt settlement for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 0, compared to 312,583 for the same period in 2021. This increase was due to the forgiveness of our PPP loan in 2021. Our other income for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 0, compared to 84,628 for the same period in 2021. Our financing fees expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 6,888,643, compared to 1,273,507 for the same period in 2021. This increase was mainly due to the issuance of warrants and OID on the notes payable. Our Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 965,875, compared to 252,453 for the same period in 2021. This increase was mainly due to the company borrowing capital to grow the business. Our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 13,774,165 compared to 2,011,327 for the same period in 2021. This increase was mainly due to the factors listed above. 9 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, the Company current assets of 2,444,370 and total assets of 26,010,888. As of December 31, 2021, the Company current assets of 1,513,667 and total assets of 4,007,465. As of December 31, 2022, the Company current liabilities of 27,181,835 and total Liabilities of 27,331,835 As of December 31, 2021, the Company current liabilities of 5327,491 and total liabilities of 5,577,014. The following table summarizes our cash flows for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021: 2022 2021 Net cash provided (used) from operating activities (6,325,707 (98,519 Net cash used in investing activities (24,230 (798,299 Net cash provided by financing activities 6,079,422 1,095,128 Net Increase (Decrease) In Cash (270,515 198,310 Going Concern Our operating losses and lack of operating capital create substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability to obtain capital from our affiliates to fund our operations, generate cash from the sale of its securities and attain future profitable operations. Management s plans include selling its equity securities and obtaining debt financing to fund its capital requirement and ongoing operations; however, there can be no assurance the Company will be successful in these efforts. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company s financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. Contractual Obligations As a smaller reporting company, as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 10 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders and the board of directors of Bloomios, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bloomios, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /S/ CPA PC (PCAOB ID We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019 April 17, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents Bloomios, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheet December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current Assets: Cash Accounts receivable - net Inventory Prepaid Expenses Deposits Total Current Assets Property and Equipment - Net Loan receivable Right of use asset Goodwill Investment Infusionz Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders' (Deficit) Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued Expenses related party Unearned revenue Due to Upexi Customer JV account liabilities Lease liability current Notes payable Notes payable PPP Notes payable - related party Notes Payable - Convertibles Related Party Notes payable - convertibles (net of debt discount) Total Current Liabilities Long-Term Debt: Lease liability Notes payable Total Liabilities Stockholders' (Deficit) Preferred series A stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively Preferred series B stock par value; shares authorized; 0 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively Preferred series C stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively Shares to be issued Preferred series D stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively Common stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders' (Deficit) Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents Bloomios, Inc. Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Sales Cost of Goods Sold Gross Profit General and Administrative expense Salaries Rent Utilities Professional fees Consulting Depreciation Reserve for Bad Debt expense Share based Expense Total Expenses Net Profit from Operations Other Income / (Expenses) Gain on Debt settlement Loss on impairment of fixed assets Other Income Shares issued for inducement Financing Fees Interest Expense Net Profit / (Loss) Before Income Taxes Income Tax Expense Net Profit / (Loss) (2,011,327 NET PROFIT / (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE - BASIC AND DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING - BASIC AND DILUTED The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-4 Table of Contents Bloomios Inc. Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity December 31, 2022 Common Stock .00001 Par Preferred Stock .00001 Par Shares to be Additional Paid in Accumulated Stock holders' Deficit Description Shares Amount Shares Amount issued Capital Deficit Totals December 31, 2020 - Commitment Shares - Warrants issued - Preferred shares issued Preferred shares issued for debt conversion Shares issued for warrant conversion Shares issued for inducement Share based expense for stock options issued Shares to be issued for inducement - Net Loss December 31, 2021 Shares issued for inducement - Shares issued for inducement from to be issued - Warrants Issued - - Shares issued for prepaid services - Vested Stok options - - Warrants converted JSC Warrants converted Leonite Sunstone Capital Series C Conversion Series B Conversion recorded to (to be issued) - Shares Issued for inducement Shares Issued for inducement - Inducement shares for Q4 Financing Investment in Infusionz - Net loss - - December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-5 Table of Contents Bloomios Inc. Consolidated Statement of Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash provided (used) from operating activities Net Income (Loss) Depreciation Gain on debt settlement Shares issued for inducement Share based expense Finance fees and debt discount Change in accounts receivable Change in inventory Change in other assets Change in Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses Change in Accrued Expenses - related party Change in Unearned Revenue Net cash provided (used) from operating activities Cash used in investing activities Investment in Infusionz Purchase of Equipment Net cash used in investing activities Cash provided by financing activities Proceeds from Notes Payable Payment on notes payable Proceeds from (payments to) Notes Payable related parties Net cash provided by financing activities Net Increase (Decrease) In Cash Cash At Beginning of Period Cash At End of Period Supplemental Cashflow Information Interest Paid Taxes Paid The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-6 Table of Contents Bloomios Inc. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 and a net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company also had an accumulated deficit of as of December 31, 2022. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. There can be no assurance that the Company will achieve its goals and reach profitable operations and is still dependent upon its ability (1) to obtain sufficient debt and/or equity capital and/or (2) to generate positive cash flow from operations. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. These circumstances raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might arise because of this uncertainty. To address the aforementioned, management has undertaken the following initiatives: 1) enter into discussions to secure additional equity funding 2) undertake a program to continue to monitor the Company s ongoing working capital requirements and 3) focus on maintaining an appropriate level of corporate overhead in line with the Company s available cash resources. shares of its Series A Preferred Stock at per share (the par value) and shares of its Series B Preferred Stock at per share (the par value), and no shares of the Series C Preferred Stock, to the owners of CBDBP as the purchase price. The acquisition of CBD Brand Partners, LLC, by Bloomios, Inc. (formerly XLR Medical Corp) was treated as a capital transaction because Bloomios was a non-operating public shell company. Pursuant to ASC 805, the transaction does not meet the definition of a business. Therefore, we accounted for the transaction as a capital transaction and the shares issued for the transactions were valued at Par and recorded to additional paid in capital, since the net assets of Bloomios, Inc. were negative (~ ). F-7 Table of Contents Cash and Cash Equivalents per commercial bank, at times we may exceed the FDIC limits. For purposes of the statement of cash flows we consider all cash and highly liquid investments with initial maturities of one year or less to be cash equivalents. Accounts Receivable and respectively. Inventory and respectively. Property and Equipment Long Lived Assets F-8 Table of Contents and of deferred revenue respectively. Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-9 Table of Contents Net Profit (Loss) per Common Share used in the calculation of basic earnings per share. Basic Weighted average common shares and equivalents for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, were 1 and respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had convertible notes to potentially convert into approximately of additional common shares and common stock warrants convertible into an additional common shares. Fully diluted weighted average common shares and equivalents for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, were withheld from the calculation as they were considered anti-dilutive. Research and Development Share-Based Compensation of the total options that are available under the plan. As a result, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 our share-based expense was and respectively. Income Taxes to 21 effective . The Company will compute its income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2021, using a Federal Tax Rate of . Income taxes are provided based upon the liability method of accounting pursuant to ASC 740-10-25 Income Taxes Recognition. Under this approach, deferred income taxes are recorded to reflect the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each year-end. A valuation allowance is recorded against deferred tax assets if management does not believe the Company has met the more likely than not standard required by ASC 740-10-25-5. F-10 Table of Contents ), and a deferred tax asset of using the statutory rate of . The deferred tax asset may be recognized in future, periods, not to exceed 20 years. However, due to the uncertainty of future events we have booked valuation allowance of ). FASB ASC 740 prescribes recognition threshold and measurement attributes for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. FASB ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. On December 31, 2021, the Company had not taken any tax positions that would require disclosure under FASB ASC 740. Valuation Allowance Deferred Tax Asset (Net Reclassification Recently Issued Accounting Standards F-11 Table of Contents Common Stock and Preferred Stock. Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Common Stock at 0.00001 par value per share. On November 30, 2018, the Company s board of directors and custodian appointed, Bryan Glass as the Company s President, Secretary and Treasurer and authorized the issuance of shares of stock to Mr. Glass for an aggregate price of . On March 26, 2021, the Company issued in commitment shares for the issuance of a convertible note. On April 21, 2021, the Company issued of common stock for the conversion of cashless warrants. On July 9, 2021 we entered into a purchase agreement with Burdell Partners LLC, hereinafter BP ), pursuant to which BP has agreed to purchase from us up to an aggregate of of our common stock (subject to certain limitations) from time to time over the term of the Purchase Agreement. Also, on July 9, 2021, we entered into a registration rights agreement with BP, which we refer to in this prospectus as the Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which we are required to file with the SEC a registration statement that includes this prospectus to register for resale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, the shares of common stock that have been or may be issued to BP under the Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, at the time we signed the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, we were required to issue shares of our common stock (which are yet to be issued) and warrants to BP as consideration for its commitment to purchase shares of our common stock under the Purchase Agreement, which we refer to in this prospectus as the Commitment Shares and Commitment Warrants. We do not have the right to commence any sales of our common stock to BP under the Purchase Agreement until certain conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, all of which are outside of BP s control, have been satisfied, including that the SEC has declared effective the registration statement that includes this prospectus. . There are no trading volume requirements or restrictions under the Purchase Agreement, and we will control the timing and amount of any sales of our common stock to BP. The purchase price of the shares that may be sold to BP under the Purchase Agreement will be based on the market price of our common stock preceding the time of sale as computed under the Purchase Agreement. The purchase price per share will be equitably adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, or other similar transaction occurring during the business days used to compute such price. We may at any time in our sole discretion terminate the Purchase Agreement without fee, penalty or cost upon one business day notice. There are no restrictions on future financings, rights of first refusal, participation rights, penalties or liquidated damages in the Purchase Agreement or Registration Rights Agreement, other than a prohibition on entering into a Variable Rate Transaction, as defined in the Purchase Agreement. BP may not assign or transfer its rights and obligations under the Purchase Agreement. F-12 Table of Contents shares of common stock pursuant to an amendment to a senior secured convertible promissory note. The shares we issued on November 1, 2021. On November 1, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to an amendment to a senior secured convertible promissory note. On October 18, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved the Bloomios 2021 Incentive Stock Plan. The Company has awarded 3,650,000 of the total options that are available under the plan. The plan was subsequently increased to . On January 26, 2022, the Company s S-1 Registration Statement was declared effective. On February 17, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to a service agreement. On February 17, 2022, the Company issued 30,000 shares of common stock pursuant to an amendment to a secured convertible note. On February 17, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to an amendment to a senior secured convertible promissory note. On February 17, 2022, the Company issued commitment shares of common stock pursuant to an equity line of credit agreement. On February 17, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to a Letter of Engagement. The foregoing summary of the Letter of Engagement Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, such document attached as Exhibit 4.4, to Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2022 and amended on Form 10-K/A on November 14, 2022, which are incorporated herein by reference. On February 18, 2022, the Company entered into three agreements with its executives for accrued and unpaid compensation. The agreements are Convertible Promissory Notes accrue interest at a rate of twelve percent require monthly interest payments beginning July 31, 2022, and mature on . They are also convertible into common stock at a fixed rate of per share. The foregoing summary of the Letter of Engagement Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, such document attached as Exhibit 10.5, 10.6 and 10.7, to Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2022 and amended on Form 10-K/A on November 14, 2022, which are incorporated herein by reference. On February 24, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with a non-affiliated accredited investor (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell directly to the Investor in a private offering (the Offering ), a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note with the Company. The Note carries an original issue discount of , to cover the Investor s accounting fees, due diligence fees, monitoring, and/or other transactional costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Note, which is included in the principal balance of the Note. As a result of the original issuance discount, the aggregate principle of the Note is . The Closing occurred on , upon the Company receiving the purchase price of . The Company is required to make 10 monthly payments beginning April 15, 2022, of .40. The Note provides that the Investor may not convert any amount of the Note unless the Note is in default and if that would result in the n. F-13 Table of Contents shares of common stock pursuant to a service agreement. On February 17, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to an amendment to a secured convertible note. On February 17, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to an amendment to a senior secured convertible promissory note. On February 17, 2022, the Company issued commitment shares of common stock pursuant to an equity line of credit agreement. On February 17, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to a Letter of Engagement. The foregoing summary of the Letter of Engagement Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, such document attached as Exhibit 4.4, to Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2022 and amended on Form 10-K/A on November 14, 2022, which are incorporated herein by reference. On May 19, 2022, the Company issued shares for inducement recorded at per share for a total of . On July 20, 2022, the Company issued shares for inducement recorded at per share for a total of . On September 14, 2022, the Company issued shares for inducement recorded at per share for a total of . Total issued and outstanding shares as of December 31, 2022, is . Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Preferred stock. The Company has four (4) classes of Preferred Stock. Series A has shares authorized, issued and outstanding. Series B has 800 shares authorized, currently issued and outstanding. Series C has 3,000,000 authorized and currently issued and outstanding. Series D has 85,000 shares authorized and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. F-14 Table of Contents has shares authorized, issued and outstanding. The holders of the Series A are not entitled to dividends. Each share of Series A shall vote on any and all matters related to . The Series A are subject to an automatic conversion and/or redemption in the event the Company completes a qualified financing defined as a financing in which the Company receives gross proceeds of at least million. If converted, each share of Series A converts into shares of common stock. If redeemed the Company shall pay per share of Series A. Series B Convertible Preferred Stock The Series B, par value , has shares authorized, and 0 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022. The holders of the Series B are entitled to a liquidation preference in that they participate with the common stock on an as converted basis. The holders of Series B are entitled to vote such number of shares as their Series B would be convertible into common stock plus on an as if converted basis at the time of the vote. The Series B may convert into common stock. Each share of Series B will convert into such number of shares by multiplying 0.001 by the aggregate number of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding at the time of conversion. The Series B is subject to automatically convert into common stock in the event of a qualified financing as defined above. Series C Convertible Preferred Stock The Series C, par value , has shares authorized. There are 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022. The holders of the Series C are entitled to a liquidation preference in that they participate with the common stock on an as converted basis. The holders of Series C are entitled to vote such number of shares as their Series C would be convertible into common stock on an as if converted basis at the time of the vote. The Series C may convert into common stock based upon the product obtained by dividing the number of shares of Series C by the closing share price of the common stock on the date of conversion. The Series C is subject to automatically convert into common stock in the event of a qualified financing as defined above based upon the conversion formula in the previous sentence. Series D Convertible Preferred Stock The Preferred D, par value , has shares authorized. There were shares outstanding at December 31, 2023 and have a stated value per share of one hundred dollars 100) (the Stated Value ). The Company is authorized to issue eighty-five thousand (85,000) shares of Series D Preferred, all of which were issued on the Closing Date to the Seller. The Series D Preferred shares entitle the holder to receive dividends equal to eight and one-half percent per annum of the Stated Value of the Series D Preferred shares, on a monthly basis, 30 days in arrears, for each month during which the Series D Preferred shares remain outstanding. The monthly dividends shall be declared but not become due and payable and shall not be paid (but instead shall accrue) until the date that is three (3) months following the date on which the Debentures are fully repaid and /or converted into shares of Common Stock (such date the Dividend and Conversion Restriction Release Date ). In addition, no asserted claims, losses or liabilities related to the Debentures to which the holders of the Debentures are entitled to indemnification or reimbursement can remain unresolved. The monthly dividends shall be fully paid in twelve equal monthly installments. On or after the Dividend and Conversion Restriction Release Date, the holder of the Series D Preferred shares can convert the Series D Preferred shares into shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock will equal the product obtained by dividing the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock being converted by the closing price per share of the Common Stock on the conversion date and multiplying that number by 100. The holders of the Series D Preferred shares shall have the same voting rights as the holders of the Common Stock and the shares of Series D Preferred shall vote equally with the shares of Common Stock, and not as a separate class, at any annual or special meeting, upon the following basis: the holder of Series D Preferred shares shall be entitled to cast such number of votes as shall be equal to the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder s shares of Series D Preferred Stock are convertible immediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting. The Series D Preferred shares have a liquidation preference over all other Company securities other than the Debentures. In addition, the Company may, in its sole discretion, on or after one year anniversary of the Closing Date, subject to whether the Debentures are still outstanding, elect to redeem all or any portion of the Series D Preferred shares at a price per share equal to one hundred dollars up to an aggregate amount of eight million five hundred thousand dollars 8,500,000) for all of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors of the Corporation is authorized to provide, by resolution, for one or more series of Preferred Stock to be comprised of authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock. Except as may be required by law, the shares in any series of Preferred Stock need not be identical to any other series of Preferred Stock. Before any shares of any such series of Preferred Stock are issued, the Board of Directors shall fix, and is hereby expressly empowered to fix, by resolution the rights, preferences and privileges of, and qualifications, restrictions and limitations applicable to, such series. The Board of Directors is authorized to increase the number of shares of the Preferred Stock designated for any existing series of Preferred Stock by a resolution adding to such series authorized and unissued shares of the Preferred Stock not designated for any other series of Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors is authorized to decrease the number of shares of the Preferred Stock designated for any existing series of Preferred Stock by a resolution, subtracting from such series unissued shares of the Preferred Stock designated for such series. F-15 Table of Contents per month during his interim service to the Company. On March 25, 2021, XLR Medical Corp. (the Company ), entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with a non-affiliated accredited investor (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell directly to the Investor in a private offering (the Offering ), a Senior Secured Promissory Note (the Note ), in the aggregate principal amount of up to .67 or so much as has been advanced in one or more tranches. The Note carries an original issue discount of .67, to cover the Investor s accounting fees, due diligence fees, monitoring, and/or other transactional costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Note, which is included in the principal balance of the Note. As a result of the original issuance discount, the potential aggregate purchase price of the Note is . The initial tranche was paid upon closing in an amount of , resulting in a current face value of the Note of .78. As additional consideration for the first tranche funded upon closing, the Company issued to the Investor shares of its common stock. Upon future tranches being funded under the Note, the . The Note is secured with all of the assets of the Company, as described in the Security Agreement attached as Exhibit 10.3 to this Form 8-K. The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, and the Offering was subject to customary closing conditions. The Shares were offered by the Company pursuant to the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act, and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. The Company is obligated to register the shares of common stock underlying the Note and the Warrants (as described below), within 90 days from the date of the Purchase Agreement. As additional consideration for the purchase of the Note, the Company agreed to issue to the Investor Warrants (the Warrants ). The Warrants shall be issued upon the advance of each tranche by the Investor to the Company, exercisable for an amount of the Company s common stock equal to the purchase price of such tranche divided by three. , and 2.00 per share for 50 of the Warrants. If at any time after the six-month anniversary of the issue date of the Warrants, the market price of one share of the Company s common stock is greater than the exercise price of such Warrant, and there is not an effective registration statement registering the resale of the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants, then the Warrants may be exercised by means of a cashless exercise. The Warrants do not allow for any exercise that would result in the beneficial ownership of greater than 4.99 of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise, with the exception that the beneficial ownership limitation may be increased or decreased upon no less than 61 days prior notice. F-16 Table of Contents .00. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company issued the lender -year warrants with an exercise price of . On January 19, 2021, we issued the lender an additional 100,000 warrants on the same terms as the previous warrants, as a penalty pursuant to the agreement. Subsequently, on April 2, 2021, the Company and lender entered into a pay-off letter agreement in the amount of .00 and the Company paid the amount on April 6, 2021. The note has been paid in full. On April 12, 2021, XLR Medical Corp (the Company ), acquired CBDBP as a wholly-owned subsidiary. XLR issued shares of its Series A Preferred Stock and shares of its Series B Preferred Stock as the purchase price. On April 16, 2021, we received notification from the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA that our Paycheck Protection Program Loan Forgiveness Application was approved, and our Paycheck Protection Program loan has been paid in full. On April 19, 2021, the Company established a wholly owned subsidiary with the Florida Secretary of State, Bloomios Private Label, LLC, a Florida limited liability company. On June 16, 2021, Mr. Michael Hill, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director, resigned his position as Chief Financial Officer and appointed Mr. John Bennett. The reason for Mr. Hill s resignation as Chief Financial Officer was solely to expand the management team. Mr. Hill will remain the Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company. The board of directors has agreed to compensate Mr. Hill at a rate of per month pursuant to his employment agreement. On June 16, 2021, the board of directors appointed Mr. Barrett Evans to the positions of President, Chief Strategy Officer and Director. The board of directors has agreed to compensate Mr. Evans at a rate of per month pursuant to his employment agreement. On June 16, 2021, the board of directors appointed Mr. John Bennett, as director and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The board of directors has agreed to compensate Mr. Bennett at a rate of per month pursuant to his employment agreement. On July 9, 2021, we entered into a purchase agreement with Burdell Partners, LLC hereinafter BP ), pursuant to which BP has agreed to purchase from us up to an aggregate of of our common stock (subject to certain limitations) from time to time over the term of the Purchase Agreement. Also, on July 9, 021, we entered into a registration rights agreement with BP, which we refer to in this prospectus as the Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which we are required to file with the SEC a registration statement that includes this prospectus to register for resale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, the shares of common stock that have been or may be issued to BP under the Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, at the time we signed the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, we were required to issue shares of our common stock (which are yet to be issued) and warrants to BP as consideration for its commitment to purchase shares of our common stock under the Purchase Agreement, which we refer to in this prospectus as the Commitment Shares and Commitment Warrants. F-17 Table of Contents shares on any single business day, subject to a maximum of 500,000 per purchase, plus other VWAP Purchases under certain circumstances. There are no trading volume requirements or restrictions under the Purchase Agreement, and we will control the timing and amount of any sales of our common stock to BP. The purchase price of the shares that may be sold to BP under the Purchase Agreement will be based on the market price of our common stock preceding the time of sale as computed under the Purchase Agreement. The purchase price per share will be equitably adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, or other similar transaction occurring during the business days used to compute such price. We may at any time in our sole discretion terminate the Purchase Agreement without fee, penalty or cost upon one business day notice. There are no restrictions on future financings, rights of first refusal, participation rights, penalties or liquidated damages in the Purchase Agreement or Registration Rights Agreement, other than a prohibition on entering into a Variable Rate Transaction, as defined in the Purchase Agreement. BP may not assign or transfer its rights and obligations under the Purchase Agreement. On August 23, 2021, we issued shares of common stock pursuant to an amendment to a senior secured convertible promissory note. The shares we issued on November 1, 2021. On November 1, 2021, we issued shares of common stock pursuant to an amendment to a senior secured convertible promissory note. On October 18, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved the Bloomios 2021 Incentive Stock Plan. The Company has awarded of the total options that are available under the plan. The plan was subsequently increased to options. On January 26, 2022, the Company s S-1 Registration Statement was declared effective. On February 17, 2022, we issued shares of common stock pursuant to a service agreement. On February 17, 2022, we issued shares of common stock pursuant to an amendment to a secured convertible note. On February 17, 2022, we issued shares of common stock pursuant to an amendment to a senior secured convertible promissory note. On February 17, 2022, we issued commitment shares of common stock pursuant to an equity line of credit agreement. On February 18, 2022, we entered into three agreements with its executives for accrued and unpaid compensation. The agreements are Convertible Promissory Notes accrue interest at a rate of twelve percent require monthly interest payments beginning July 31, 2022, and mature on . They are also convertible into common stock at a fixed rate of per share. The foregoing summary of the Letter of Engagement Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, such document attached as Exhibit 10.5, 10.6 and 10.7, to Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2022 and amended on Form 10-K/A on November 14, 2022, which are incorporated herein by reference. On February 24, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with a non-affiliated accredited investor (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell directly to the Investor in a private offering (the Offering ), a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note with the Company. The Note carries an original issue discount of , to cover the Investor s accounting fees, due diligence fees, monitoring, and/or other transactional costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Note, which is included in the principal balance of the Note. As a result of the original issuance discount, the aggregate principle of the Note is . The Closing occurred on February 24, 2022, upon the Company receiving the purchase price of . The Company is required to make 10 monthly payments beginning April 15, 2022, of .40. The Note provides that the Investor may not convert any amount of the Note unless the Note is in default and if that would result in the beneficial ownership of greater than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of the Company, with the exception that the beneficial ownership limitation may be waived up to a maximum of 9.99 at the election of the Investor, with not less than 61 days prior notice. Additionally, if the Note is in default there is a 150 penalty. The Note converts at a rate of 25 discount to the lowest trading price for the 10 trading days prior to any such conversion. F-18 Table of Contents five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On March 31, 2022, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On March 31, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with a non-affiliated accredited investor (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell directly to the Investor in a private offering (the Offering ), a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note with the Company. The Note carries an original issue of , to cover the Investor s accounting fees, due diligence fees, monitoring, and/or other transactional costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Note, which is included in the principal balance of the Note. As a result of the original issuance discount, the aggregate principle of the Note is . The Closing occurred on March 31, 2022, upon the Company receiving the purchase price of . The maturity date of each tranche of the Note is nine months after the payment. The Note provides that the Investor may not convert any amount of the Note that would result in the . On May 2, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to a senior secured convertible promissory note pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue shares of common stock and increase the principal amount due under the note by . On May 15, 2022, the Company established a wholly owned subsidiary with the Wyoming Secretary of State, Infused Confections LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company. On May 19, 2022, we issued shares for inducement recorded at per share for a total of . On July 20, 2022, we agreed to issue shares as an inducement to enter into a note. On August 1, 2022, we agreed to issue shares as an inducement to amend a note. On August 25, 2022, we agreed to issue shares as an inducement to amend a note. On September 13, 2022, we agreed to issue shares for inducement to amend a note. F-19 Table of Contents warrants for 691,655 shares of common stock. Additionally, pursuant to and in connection with the MIPA, the shares of Series B Preferred converted into shares of common stock and shares of Series C Preferred into shares of common stock. Seller also agreed to transfer certain equipment used in connection with operation of the Business and agreed to allow the Company to provide: (i) white label and private label manufacturing services to Seller s customers and (ii) contracted services for certain brands of the Seller that were manufactured by the Seller ((i) and (ii) are referred to collectively herein as the Assets ). The closing of the purchase of the LLC Interests and the transfer of the Assets occurred on October 26, 2022 (the Closing Date ). The purchase price of the LLC Interests was twenty-three million five hundred thousand dollars which consisted of cash consideration of five million five hundred thousand dollars and non-cash consideration of eighteen million dollars ). As further described below under the heading Senior Secured Convertible Debenture Offering, on October 26, 2022, the Company completed an offering of 15.0 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures (the Debentures ). As further described under Item 5.03 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2022 and amended on January 5, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the COD with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada. The Company, pursuant to the COD, is able to issue shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series D Preferred ). The non-cash consideration consisted of the issuance by the Company to the Seller of: (i) a Debenture having a subscription amount of four million five hundred thousand dollars (which, for purposes of clarity, as a result of the original issue discount, has an original principal amount of five million two hundred ninety-four thousand one hundred seventeen dollars and sixty cents .60)); (ii) a convertible secured subordinated promissory note (the Note in the principal amount of five million dollars ), which will mature and be payable on the 24 month anniversary of the Closing Date; and (iii) eighty-five thousand (85,000) shares of Series D Preferred with a stated value per share of one hundred dollars for a total value of eight million five hundred thousand dollars ). To the extent that the working capital of Infusionz on the Closing Date is respectively greater than or less than one million two hundred seventy-five thousand dollars the purchase price will be increased or decreased on a dollar-for-dollar basis. Within sixty (60) days of the Closing Date, the Seller shall prepare and deliver to Buyer a written statement setting forth in reasonable detail its determination of the revenue of Infusionz for the year ended June 30, 2022 and the working capital of Infusionz on the Closing Date and its calculation of the applicable adjustment to the purchase price, if any. The foregoing summary of the MIPA contains only a brief description of the material terms of the MIPA and such description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the MIPA. The MIPA contains representations, warranties and covenants that the respective parties made to each other as of the date of the MIPA or other specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties and covenants were made for purposes of the contract among the respective parties and are subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by the parties in connection with negotiating such agreement. The representations, warranties and covenants in the MIPA are also modified in important part by the underlying disclosure schedules which are not filed publicly, and which are subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from that generally applicable to stockholders and were used for the purpose of allocating risk among the parties rather than establishing matters as facts. The Company does not believe that these schedules contain information that is material to an investment decision. F-20 Table of Contents per share (the Common Stock underlying the Series D Preferred shares held by the Seller following the Common Stock being listed on a national securities exchange (the Uplisting with the initial registration statement to register the shares of Common Stock due to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission prior to the one year anniversary of the Closing Date. In addition, the Company entered into a Transition Services Agreement with the Seller whereby the Seller will provide to the Company: (i) access to the Seller s facilities used in connection with the Business (at an estimated cost of per month); (ii) finance services; and (iii) Human Resource assistance. This assistance includes allowing operational and other employees to work for the Company (at an estimated cost of per month). The access to the facilities and the Human Resource assistance will be provided for four (4) months. The foregoing summary of the Transition Services Agreement contains only a brief description of the material terms of the Transition Services Agreement and such description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Transition Services Agreement. Senior Secured Convertible Debenture Offering On October 26, 2022, the Company closed on an offering of the Debentures (the Debenture Offering ). The Debentures have an aggregate principal amount of approximately (including a original issue discount). The Debentures were issued to eleven (11) holders, six (6) of whom invested million with the balance of the principal amount consisting of the issuance of the Debenture to the Seller and the issuances of Debentures to four (4) lenders to refinance previous loans. The cash proceeds of the Debenture Offering were used to finance the cash consideration paid to the Seller pursuant to the MIPA along with the cash repayment of previous loans. The Debentures have a maturity date of October 26, 2024, have an interest rate of ten percent per annum, and are convertible into shares of Common Stock. The conversion price: (i) prior to the date of a Qualified Offering (an offering the Company enters into in connection with the Uplisting) is eighty percent of the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the five (5) trading day period immediately prior to the applicable Conversion Date; (ii) at the Qualified Offering, at the Qualified Offering Conversion Price (the effective price per share paid by investors per share of Common Stock that is sold to the public in the Qualified Offering); or (ii) following the date of the Qualified Offering, eighty percent (80 of the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the ten ) trading day period immediately prior to the three (3) month anniversary of date of the Qualified Offering. On the date of the Qualified Offering, the Company will need to repay the lesser of the outstanding principal and an amount equal to the A) the outstanding principal sum on such date, multiplied by (B) the quotient obtained by dividing (1) the gross proceeds of the Qualified Offering by (2) the outstanding principal sum of all Debentures issued and any interest on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of the Debentures. By way of example, if the principal amount outstanding of a Debenture is , the gross proceeds of the Qualified Offering is and total amount outstanding of all the Debentures is , then the holder of . The Debentures were offered pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA between the Company and the holders of the Debentures entered into on October 26, 2022. The SPA contains customary representations, warranties and indemnification provisions. The Debentures are secured by a senior security interest in all assets of the Company and its subsidiaries pursuant to that certain Security Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2022, by and among the Company, the Company s subsidiaries, the holders of the Debentures, and the agent for the holders (the Security Agreement ). F-21 Table of Contents of the conversion price of the Debentures. A total of Warrants were issued on the Closing Date. Pursuant to the SPA, the holders of the Debentures were each issued a number of shares of Common Stock (the Incentive Shares equal to of such holder s subscription amount (without regard for any beneficial ownership limitations) divided by the lower of (i) the closing price of the Common Stock on the Closing Date or (ii) the average of the VWAP of the Common Stock during the ten (10) trading day period immediately prior to the Closing Date. A total of shares of Common Stock were issued on the Closing Date. Pursuant to the SPA, the Company agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to complete a Qualified Offering within six months of the Closing Date. The Company agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the filing of a registration statement with the Commission covering the resale of the Incentive Shares, the Warrant Shares, and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Debentures (collectively, the Underlying Shares at the same time as the Qualified Offering and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective at the time of the Qualified Offering. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Qualified Offering is not completed on or before the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date, (1) the Company shall file a separate registration statement with the Commission covering the resale of the Underlying Shares (a Separate Registration Statement ,) and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Separate Registration Statement to become effective within nine months of the Closing Date. The foregoing summary of the Debentures, the SPA, the Security Agreement, and the Warrants contains only a brief description of the material terms of the Debentures, the SPA, the Security Agreement, and the Warrants and such description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of each of the Debentures, the SPA, the Security Agreement, and the Warrants. Convertible Secured Subordinated Promissory Note In connection with the closing of the purchase of the LLC Interests and the transfer of the Assets, the Company issued the Note to the Seller in the amount of .00. The Note has an interest rate of eight and one-half percent per annum, requires the Company to remit in repayment of amounts outstanding pursuant to the Noe an amount equal to forty percent of the net proceeds received by the Company in connection with any offering by the Company of the Company s securities conducted in connection with the Uplisting. The Company shall pay the Seller interest on a monthly basis. The Note is convertible, at the Seller s option, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of per share subject to adjustment: (i) if the Uplisting does not occur prior to the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date or (ii) upon an event of default as described in the Note. The Note is secured by a subordinated security interest in all assets of Infusionz pursuant to that certain Pledge and Security Agreement, by and between Infusionz as pledgor and the Seller as pledgee (the Pledge and Security Agreement ), which security interest shall rank junior to all liens and security interests granted by the Company and each of its subsidiaries (including without limitation Infusionz), to the holders of the Debentures. The foregoing summary of the Note and the Pledge and Security Agreement contains only a brief description of the material terms of the Note and the Pledge and Security Agreement and such description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of each of the Note and the Pledge and Security Agreement. F-22 Table of Contents (the Stated Value ). The Company is authorized to issue eighty-five thousand ) shares of Series D Preferred, all of which were issued on the Closing Date to the Seller. The Series D Preferred shares entitle the holder to receive dividends equal to eight and one-half percent (8.50 per annum of the Stated Value of the Series D Preferred shares, on a monthly basis, 30 days in arrears, for each month during which the Series D Preferred shares remain outstanding. The monthly dividends shall be declared but not become due and payable and shall not be paid (but instead shall accrue) until the date that is three (3) months following the date on which the Debentures are fully repaid and /or converted into shares of Common Stock (such date the Dividend and Conversion Restriction Release Date ). In addition, no asserted claims, losses or liabilities related to the Debentures to which the holders of the Debentures are entitled to indemnification or reimbursement can remain unresolved. The monthly dividends shall be fully paid in twelve equal monthly installments. On or after the Dividend and Conversion Restriction Release Date, the holder of the Series D Preferred shares can convert the Series D Preferred shares into shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock will equal the product obtained by dividing the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock being converted by the closing price per share of the Common Stock on the conversion date and multiplying that number by 100. The holders of the Series D Preferred shares shall have the same voting rights as the holders of the Common Stock and the shares of Series D Preferred shall vote equally with the shares of Common Stock, and not as a separate class, at any annual or special meeting, upon the following basis: the holder of Series D Preferred shares shall be entitled to cast such number of votes as shall be equal to the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder s shares of Series D Preferred Stock are convertible immediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting. The Series D Preferred shares have a liquidation preference over all other Company securities other than the Debentures. In addition, the Company may, in its sole discretion, on or after one year anniversary of the Closing Date, subject to whether the Debentures are still outstanding, elect to redeem all or any portion of the Series D Preferred shares at a price per share equal to one hundred dollars up to an aggregate amount of eight million five hundred thousand dollars for all of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock. The foregoing summary of the COD contains only a brief description of the material terms of the COD and such description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the COD. In accordance with ASC 855, the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to September 30, 2022, through the date these financial statements were issued, and has determined that it does not have any other material subsequent events to disclose in these financial statements. F-23 Table of Contents , with an interest due at the rates of per annum and a due date of . The balance due is . On February 19, 2019, the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of , with an interest due at the rates of per annum and a due date of . On June 30, 2019, the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of , with an interest due at the rates of per annum and a due date of . On June 11, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of , with an interest due at the rates of per annum and a due date of . The balance due is . On February 29, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of , with an interest due at the rates of per annum and a due date of February 29, 2021. On June 30, 2019, the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of , with an interest due at the rates of per annum and a due date of . On April 7, 2021, this note was paid in full. On February 18, 2022, the Company entered into three agreements with its executives for accrued and unpaid compensation. The agreements are Convertible Promissory Notes accrue interest at a rate of twelve percent require monthly interest payments beginning July 31, 2022, and mature on . They are also convertible into common stock at a fixed rate of per share. The foregoing summary of the Letter of Engagement Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, such document attached as Exhibit 10.5, 10.6 and 10.7, to Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2022, and amended on Form 10-K/A on November 14, 2022, which are incorporated herein by reference. On December 28, 2021, the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of , with an interest rate of per annum and a due date of . On August 1, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of and subsequently amended the promissory note on August 5, 2022, to increase the amount of the promissory note to . The promissory note is due upon demand but upon no event later than , and accrues interest at a rate of . , with an interest due at the rates of per annum and a due date of . On May 5, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note under the Payroll Protection Program in the amount of , with an interest due at the rates of per annum and a due date of . On April 16, 2021, this loan has been forgiven in full. On July 8, 2020, the company entered into an SBA promissory note in the amount of , with an interest due at the rates of per annum and and installment payments of per month to begin in January 2023. On July 27, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note with a third-party in the amount of , with an interest due at the rates of per annum and a due date of . On January 5, 2021, the company entered into a promissory note in the amount of with an interest rate of per annum and a due date of April 5, 2021. On , this note was paid in full. On March 25, 2021, the Company entered into a 11 secured convertible promissory note with a third-party with a total commitment of and the first tranche advanced on that date of . . The balance due on this note is 0. On November 30, 2020, the Company entered into a secured convertible promissory note with a third-party in the amount of .00. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company issued the lender 5-year warrants with an exercise price of . On January 19, 2021, we issued the lender an additional warrants on the same terms as the previous warrants, as a penalty pursuant to the agreement. Subsequently, on April 2, 2021, the Company and lender entered into a pay-off letter agreement in the amount of .00 and the Company paid the amount on April 6, 2021. The balance due on this note is 0. F-24 Table of Contents or so much as has been advanced in one or more tranches. The Note carries an original issue discount of , to cover the Investor s accounting fees, due diligence fees, monitoring, and/or other transactional costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Note, which is included in the principal balance of the Note. As a result of the original issuance discount, the potential aggregate purchase price of the Note is . The initial tranche was paid upon closing in an amount of , resulting in a current face value of the Note of . The maturity date of each tranche of the Note is twelve months after the payment of such tranche. The Note provides that the Investor may not convert any amount of the Note that would result in the . The balance due on this note is 0. As additional consideration for the purchase of the Note, the Company agreed to issue to the Investor Warrants (the Warrants ). The Warrants shall be issued upon the advance of each tranche by the Investor to the Company, exercisable for an amount of the Company s common stock equal to the purchase price of such tranche divided by three. The Warrants have a term of 60 months, and contain full ratchet anti-dilution protection provisions, and have an exercise price of per share for of the Warrants, and per share for of the Warrants. If at any time after the six-month anniversary of the issue date of the Warrants, the market price of one share of the Company s common stock is greater than the exercise price of such Warrant, and there is not an effective registration statement registering the resale of the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants, then the Warrants may be exercised by means of a cashless exercise. The Warrants do not allow for any exercise that would result in the beneficial ownership of greater than 4.99 of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise, with the exception that the beneficial ownership limitation may be increased or decreased upon no less than 61 days prior notice. The foregoing summaries of the Purchase Agreement, Purchase Warrant, Registration Rights, Securities Purchase Agreement, Secured Promissory Note, the Warrants and the Pledge and Security Agreement do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, such documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 14, 2021, as exhibits to the Company s S-1 Registration Statement as Exhibits 10.6, 10.7, 10.8, 10.9, 10.10, 10.11, and 10.12, respectively. On November 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with a non-affiliated accredited investor (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell directly to the Investor in a private offering (the Offering ), a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note with the Company. The Note carries an original issue discount of , to cover the Investor s accounting fees, due diligence fees, monitoring, and/or other transactional costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Note, which is included in the principal balance of the Note. As a result of the original issuance discount, the aggregate principle of the Note is . The Closing occurred on December 3, 2021, upon the Company receiving the purchase price of . The maturity date of each tranche of the Note is nine months after the payment. The Note provides that the Investor may not convert any amount of the Note that would result in the . The Note converts at a fixed rate of into common stock unless there is a default under the agreements. F-25 Table of Contents , with an interest due at the rates of per annum and is due upon demand. The foregoing summary of the promissory note does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, such document attached as Exhibit 4.1, to Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference. On February 18, 2022, we entered into three agreements with its executives for accrued and unpaid compensation. The agreements are Convertible Promissory Notes accrue interest at a rate of twelve percent require monthly interest payments beginning July 31, 2022, and mature on January 31, 2025. They are also convertible into common stock at a fixed rate of per share. The foregoing summary of the Letter of Engagement Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, such document attached as Exhibit 10.5, 10.6 and 10.7, to Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2022, which are incorporated herein by reference. On February 24, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with a non-affiliated accredited investor (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell directly to the Investor in a private offering (the Offering ), a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note with the Company. The Note carries an original issue discount of , to cover the Investor s accounting fees, due diligence fees, monitoring, and/or other transactional costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Note, which is included in the principal balance of the Note. As a result of the original issuance discount, the aggregate principle of the Note is . The Closing occurred on February 24, 2022, upon the Company receiving the purchase price of . The Company is required to make 10 monthly payments beginning April 15, 2022, of .40. The Note provides that the Investor may not convert any amount of the Note unless the Note is in default and if that would result in . The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, and the Offering was subject to customary closing conditions. The Shares were offered by the Company pursuant to the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act, and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. The foregoing summaries of the Purchase Agreement and the Note do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, such documents attached as Exhibits 4.2 and 10.1, respectively, to Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2022 and amended on Form 10-K/A on November 14, 2022, which are incorporated herein by reference. On March 31, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with a non-affiliated accredited investor (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell directly to the Investor in a private offering (the Offering ), a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note with the Company. The Note carries an original issue of , to cover the Investor s accounting fees, due diligence fees, monitoring, and/or other transactional costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Note, which is included in the principal balance of the Note. As a result of the original issuance discount, the aggregate principle of the Note is . The Closing occurred on March 31, 2022, upon the Company receiving the purchase price of . The maturity date of each tranche of the Note is nine months after the payment. The Note provides that the Investor may not convert any amount of the Note that would result in the . F-26 Table of Contents shares of common stock and increase the principal amount due under the note by . On June 21, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note with a third-party in the amount of with a fixed interest of for a total amount due of and a due date of 7/21/2022. Senior Secured Convertible Debenture Offering On October 26, 2022, the Company closed on an offering of the Debentures (the Debenture Offering ). The Debentures have an aggregate principal amount of approximately (including a original issue discount). The Debentures have a maturity date of , have an interest rate of ten percent per annum, and are convertible into shares of Common Stock. The conversion price: ; or (ii) following the date of the Qualified Offering, eighty percent (80 of the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the ten (10) trading day period immediately prior to the three (3) month anniversary of date of the Qualified Offering. On the date of the Qualified Offering, the Company will need to repay the lesser of the outstanding principal and an amount equal to the A) the outstanding principal sum on such date, multiplied by (B) the quotient obtained by dividing (1) the gross proceeds of the Qualified Offering by (2) the outstanding principal sum of all Debentures issued and any interest on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of the Debentures. By way of example, if the principal amount outstanding of a Debenture is , the gross proceeds of the Qualified Offering is and total amount outstanding of all the Debentures is , then the holder of . The Debentures were offered pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA between the Company and the holders of the Debentures. The SPA contains customary representations, warranties and indemnification provisions. The Debentures are secured by a senior security interest in all assets of the Company and its subsidiaries pursuant to that certain Security Agreement, by and among the Company, the Company s subsidiaries, the holders of the Debentures, and the agent for the holders (the Security Agreement ). In addition, pursuant to the SPA, the holders of the Debentures were each issued a warrant to purchase shares of the Common Stock (the Warrant ). Each Warrant provides for the purchase by the applicable holder of Debentures of a number shares of Common Stock equal to the total principal amount of the Debenture purchased by such holder divided by the average of the VWAP of the Common Stock during the ten (10) trading day period immediately prior to the Closing Date (the Warrant Shares ). The exercise price of the Warrants is of the conversion price of the Debentures. A total of Warrants were issued on the Closing Date. Pursuant to the SPA, the holders of the Debentures were each issued a number of shares of Common Stock (the Incentive Shares equal to 35 of such holder s subscription amount (without regard for any beneficial ownership limitations) divided by the lower of (i) the closing price of the Common Stock on the Closing Date or (ii) the average of the VWAP of the Common Stock during the ten (10) trading day period immediately prior to the Closing Date. A total of 2,922,849 shares of Common Stock were issued. F-27 Table of Contents .00. The Note has an interest rate of eight and one-half percent per annum, requires the Company to remit in repayment of amounts outstanding pursuant to the Noe an amount equal to forty percent of the net proceeds received by the Company in connection with any offering by the Company of the Company s securities conducted in connection with the Uplisting. The Company shall pay the Seller interest on a monthly basis. The Note is convertible, at the Seller s option, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of per share subject to adjustment: (i) if the Uplisting does not occur prior to the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date or (ii) upon an event of default as described in the Note. The Note is secured by a subordinated security interest in all assets of Infusionz pursuant to that certain Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2022, by and between Infusionz as pledgor and the Seller as pledgee (the Pledge and Security Agreement ), which security interest shall rank junior to all liens and security interests granted by the Company and each of its subsidiaries (including without limitation Infusionz), to the holders of the Debentures. The foregoing summary of the Note and the Pledge and Security Agreement contains only a brief description of the material terms of the Note and the Pledge and Security Agreement and such description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of each of the Note and the Pledge and Security Agreement five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On November 30, 2020, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On January 19, 2021, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On March 22, 2021, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On March 22, 2021, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On March 26, 2021, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On April 21, 2021, the Company issued of common stock for the conversion of cashless warrants. On July 9, 2021, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On July 11, 2021, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On July 11, 2021, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. F-28 Table of Contents five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On July 12, 2021, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On July 12, 2021, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On July 12, 2021, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On July 12, 2021, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On July 12, 2021, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On November 30, 2021, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On November 30, 2021, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On March 1, 2022, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On March 31, 2022, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On March 31, 2022, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On March 31, 2022, we issued five-year common stock warrants exercisable at per share. On October 26, 2022, we issued five-year common warrants initially exercisable at . Additions Converted Expired - - - Outstanding December 31, 2021 Additions Converted Expired - Outstanding 9-30-2022 Additions Converted Expired Outstanding December 31, 2022 F-29 Table of Contents and has a interest rate and is due . On January 13, 2023, the Company entered into a Finder s Fee Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities and agreed to issue shares of common stock. On January 18, 2023, the Company entered into a promissory note with Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd. The promissory note has a OID and the principal and interest are due . On January 19, 2023, the Company entered into an investor relations consulting agreement with Hayden IR. The Company pays per month and has issued shares of common stock under this agreement. On February 7, 2023, the Company entered into a Purchase Agreement for up to with Arena Business Results, LLC. The Company is obligated to issue Commitment Fee Shares equal to the aggregate dollar amount of . In accordance with ASC 855, , and has determined that it does not have any other material subsequent events to disclose in these financial statements. F-30 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer, who is our principal executive officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, who is our principal financial and accounting officer, on the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as a result of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective such that the information relating to us required to be disclosed in our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for the preparation of our financial statements and related information. Management uses its best judgment to ensure that the financial statements present fairly, in material respects, our financial position and results of operations in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in the Exchange Act. These internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented fairly, that disclosures are adequate and that the judgments inherent in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal controls including the possibility of human error and overriding of controls. Consequently, an ineffective internal control system can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to reporting financial information. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that the receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with our management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention of or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) as outlined by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and guidance prepared by the Commission specifically for smaller public companies. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. We have identified the following material weakness as of December 31, 2022: Lack of controls over inventory, and Lack of an independent board to oversee management decisions and use of funds. 11 Table of Contents Remediation of Material Weakness in Internal Control Presently, it will be difficult to mitigate or eliminate the material weaknesses in our internal controls. We do not currently possess sufficient resources to engage the additional personnel required to alleviate the weaknesses that stem from the lack of segregation of duties in the handling of cash, cash receipts and cash disbursements was not formalized. Moreover, it is difficult for small public companies such as ours to attract qualified independent directors given the obligations and risks attendant to such serving in such capacity; hence we will continue to operate with a 3 member board thereby failing to mitigate the weaknesses stemming from the lack of an independent board. However, we plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we plan to implement the following changes in the current fiscal year as resources allow: (i) Appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties; (ii) We will seek out independent board members; and (iii) We will attempt to implement the remediation efforts set out herein by the end of the 2022 fiscal year. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. Not Applicable. 12 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following table sets forth the names and ages of all of our directors and executive officers as of the date of this report. We have a Board comprised of three members. Each director holds office until a successor is duly elected or appointed. Executive Officers serve at the discretion of the Board and are appointed by the Board. Also provided herein are brief descriptions of the business experience of each of the directors and officers during the past five years, and an indication of directorships held by each director in other companies subject to the reporting requirements under the Federal securities law. Name Age Current Position with Us Director or Officer Since Michael Hill 46 CEO and Director November 30, 2020 Barrett Evans 51 CSO, President and Director June 16, 2021 John Bennett 62 CFO and Director June 16, 2021 Biographical Information Set forth below are the names of all of our directors and executive officers, all positions and offices held by each person, the period during which each has served as such, and the principal occupations and employment of such persons during at least the last five years, and other director positions held currently or during the last five years: Current Directors and Officers Michael Hill. Mr. Hill is the Chief Executive Officer and Director of Bloomios. Mr. Hill is a seasoned executive and corporate advisor with over 20 years in both the private and public sectors. He co-founded and is the Managing Director of CBD Brand Partners, a brand accelerator that is vertically integrated within the hemp and CBD industry. In 2019, Mr. Hill co-founded Law For All and serves as the Chief Executive Officer, a legal technology platform and service provider. From 2015 to 2019 he served as the Chief Executive Officer of Total Sports Media, an online sports and entertainment media company. Over his tenure he has led and completed multiple mergers and acquisitions of a variety of companies, more specifically advertising, streaming media, data management, mobile and ad-tech driven companies. He has a deep understanding and experience in both pre-transaction and post-transaction operational planning and integration. Prior to this work, Mr. Hill served in the United States Navy, receiving the honor of Enlisted Surface Warfare Specialist. Barrett Evans. Mr. Evans is the President, Chief Strategy Officer and Director of Bloomios. Mr. Evans has over 30 years of experience in both private and public company investing, finance, management, and restructuring. Mr. Evans currently sits on several board of directors for both private and public companies. Mr. Evans co-founded CBD Brand Partners. For the past decade, Mr. Evans has headed up Montecito Capital managing its investments. Mr. Evans has significant experience in investing in small companies and facilitating their growth, and in restructuring struggling companies. Mr. Evans has a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from the University of California, Santa Barbara. John Bennett. Mr. Bennett is the Chief Financial Officer and Director of Bloomios. Mr. Bennett is a seasoned executive, with over 30 years of experience in both the public and private sector. Mr. Bennett served as the Chief Financial Officer for Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (CETY) from January 2005 thru March 2020 and served on the board of directors from September 2009 thru February 2018. While with CETY, Mr. Bennett was an integral part of taking them public with the completion of their SB2 registration. From January of 2008 thru the present Mr. Bennett ran his own consulting firm, focusing on public companies in the microcap space. He has extensive experience with the public reporting requirements with the SEC, including 10K, 10Q including S1 and Reg A registrations statements and audit interface with PCAOB audit firms. He has been in the Manufacturing Industry for over 30 years. He has held positions as the Controller, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bennett Holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Mesa University and a Master of Science in Finance degree from the University of Colorado. 13 Table of Contents Former Officers and Directors Bryan Glass, was appointed interim-Director, President, Secretary and Treasurer on November 30, 2018 and on January 16, 2019, Mr. Glass became the sole director of the Company. Mr. Glass resigned all positions with the Company. The resignation was not the result of any disagreement with the Company or any matter related to the Company s operations, policies or practices. All of our directors are elected annually to serve for one year or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Family Relationships and Other Matters There are no family relationships among or between any of our officers and directors. Legal Proceedings None of our directors or officers are involved in any legal proceedings as described in Regulation S-K 229.401(f)). 14 Table of Contents CODE OF ETHICS We have not adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, or persons performing similar functions, because of the small number of persons involved in the management of the Company. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Independence We are not listed on a major U.S. securities exchange and, therefore, are not subject to the corporate governance requirements of any such exchange, including those related to the independence of directors; however, the Company is currently pursuing the addition of independent directors in an effort to list on a national exchange. We do not currently have a majority of independent directors as required by the NASDAQ listing standards. Upon our listing on any national securities exchange or any inter-dealer quotation system, we will elect such independent directors as is necessary under the rules of any such securities exchange. Board Leadership Structure We currently have three executive officers and three directors. Our Board has reviewed our current Board leadership structure which consists of a Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer, which also comprise the Board, all three of the Directors are not independent in light of the composition of the Board, our size, the nature of our business, the regulatory framework under which we operate, our stockholder base, our peer group and other relevant factors, and the Company has determined that this structure is currently the most appropriate Board leadership structure for our Company. Nevertheless, the Board intends to carefully evaluate from time to time whether our executive officers and director positions should be separated based on what the Board believes is best for us and our stockholders. Board Role in Risk Oversight Risk is inherent in every business, and how well a business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. We face a number of risks, including strategic risks, enterprise risks, financial risks, and regulatory risks. While our management is responsible for day-to-day management of various risks we face, the Board, as a whole, is responsible for evaluating our exposure to risk and to satisfy itself that the risk management processes designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. The Board reviews and discusses policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. The Board also has oversight responsibility with respect to the integrity of our financial reporting process and systems of internal control regarding finance and accounting, as well as its financial statements. Board of Directors Meetings, Committees of the Board of Directors, and Annual Meeting Attendance During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Board made a total of five (5) written consents in lieu of meetings. All members of the Board concurred with the written consents in lieu of Board meetings. The annual shareholder meeting was held on July 28, 2022. We do not maintain a policy regarding director attendance at annual meetings and we did not have an annual meeting of shareholders during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020. We do not currently have any standing committees of the Board. The full Board is responsible for performing the functions of: (i) the Audit Committee, (ii) the Compensation Committee and (iii) the Nominating Committee. Stockholder Communications Stockholders who wish to communicate with the Board may do so by addressing their correspondence to the Board at Bloomios Inc., Attention: Board of Directors, 701 Anacapa Street, Suite C, Santa Barbara, CA, 93101. The Board will review and respond to all correspondence received, as appropriate. 15 Table of Contents ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Our Board is responsible for establishing the compensation and benefits for our executive officers. The Board reviews the performance and total compensation package for our executive officers and considers the modification of existing compensation and the adoption of new compensation plans. The board has not retained any compensation consultants. Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth information concerning compensation earned for services rendered to us by our executive officers who were serving as executive officers during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Name and Principal Position Year Ended December 31, Salary ) Bonus (1) ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Michael Hill (2) CEO, Chairman 2022 300,000 - - 65,000 - 365,000 2021 300,000 - - 65,000 - 365,000 John Bennett (2) CFO, Treasurer and Director 2022 150,000 - - 43,000 - 193,000 2021 105,000 - - 43,000 - 148,000 - Barrett Evans (2) CSO, President, Secretary and Director 2022 300,000 - - 65,000 - 365,000 2021 262,500 - - 65,000 - 327,500 (1) Note that the Bonus amount is an up to amount and is subject to performance milestones, per year as follows: Michael Hill 175,000, John Bennett 85,000 and Barrett Evans 175,000. (2) A stock option plan was adopted by the Company. On October 18, 2021, the Board granted Mr. Hill, Mr. Evans and Mr. Bennett, 750,000, 750,000 and 500,000 options, respectively, at an exercise price of 1.25. Employment Agreements We currently have employment agreements with three (3) executives of the Company. For copies of these agreements, refer to our filing with the SEC on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2021. Mr. Hill s received 3-year employment agreement as Chief Executive Officer with a base salary of 300,000; Mr. Evans received a 3-year employment agreement as Chief Strategy Officer and President with a base salary of 300,000; and Mr. Bennett received a 3-year employment agreement as Chief Financial Officer with a base salary of 150,000. Each executive will be eligible to receive bonuses, benefits and other benefits as per their contracts and as approved by the Board. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End None. 16 Table of Contents Payments Upon Termination of Change in Control There are no understandings or agreements known by management at this time which would result in a change in control. Compensation of Directors We have provided no compensation to our directors for their services provided as directors. Recent Developments None. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. The following table sets forth certain information as of the date of this report by (i) all persons who are known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each director, director nominee, and Named Executive Officer; and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group: Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Number of shares Beneficially Owned (2) Percent of Class Owned (2) Directors and Officers Michael Hill 701 Anacapa St, Ste C Santa Barbara, CA 93101 8,817,959 29.44 Barrett Evans 701 Anacapa St, Ste C Santa Barbara, CA 93101 8,918,313 29.78 John Bennett 701 Anacapa St, Ste C Santa Barbara, CA 93101 0 0.00 All Directors and Officers as a Group 17,736,272 59.22 5 shareholders Aline Elkayam 104 Chelsea Place Avenue Ormond Beach, FL 32174 2,677,635 8.94 Bibi Daprile 12 Windong Creek Way Ormond Beach, FL 32174 2,996,503 10.01 Michael Hill 701 Anacapa St, Ste C Santa Barbara, CA 93101 8,817,959 29.44 Barrett Evans 701 Anacapa St, Ste C Santa Barbara, CA 93101 8,918,313 29.78 5 shareholders as a group 23,410,410 78.17 Total Directors and Officers and 5 Shareholders 23,410,410 78.17 Less than 1 ______________ (1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power and investment power with respect to the shares of our common stock and except as indicated the address of each beneficial owner is 701 Anacapa St, Ste C, Santa Barbara, CA 93101. (2) Calculated pursuant to rule 13d-3(d) of the Exchange Act. Beneficial ownership is calculated based on 29,949,538 shares of common stock issued and outstanding on a fully diluted basis as of April 12, 2023. Under Rule 13d-3(d) of the Exchange Act, shares not outstanding which are subject to options, warrants, rights or conversion privileges exercisable within 60 days are deemed outstanding for the purpose of calculating the number and percentage owned by such person, but are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of calculating the percentage owned by each other person listed. All the share amounts listed represent common stock held. No derivatives are outstanding as the date hereof. 17 Table of Contents ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Related Party Transactions On February 19, 2019, the company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of 17,000, with an interest due at the rates of 8 per annum and a due date of February 19, 2020. On March 31, 2019, the company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of 9,300, with an interest due at the rates of 8 per annum and a due date of March 31, 2020. On March 31, 2019, the company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of 14,500, with an interest due at the rates of 8 per annum and a due date of March 30, 2020. On February 29, 2020, the company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of 60,000, with an interest due at the rates of 8 per annum and a due date of February 29, 2021. On June 8, 2020, the company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of 10,000, with an interest due at the rates of 8 per annum and a due date of September 8, 2020. On June 11, 2020, the company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of 10,000, with an interest due at the rates of 8 per annum and a due date of September 11, 2020. On December 29, 2021, the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of 150,000, with an interest due at the rates of 12 per annum and is due upon demand. On February 18, 2022, the Company entered into three agreements with its executives for accrued and unpaid compensation. The agreements are Convertible Promissory Notes accrue interest at a rate of twelve percent (12 require monthly interest payments beginning July 31, 2022, and mature on January 31, 2025. They are also convertible into common stock at a fixed rate of 0.54 per share. The foregoing summary of the Letter of Engagement Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, such document attached as Exhibit 10.5, 10.6 and 10.7, to Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2022, and amended on Form 10-K/A on November 14, 2022, which are incorporated herein by reference. On August 1, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of 75,000 and subsequently amended the promissory note on August 5, 2022, to increase the amount of the promissory note to 115,000. The promissory note is due upon demand but upon no event later than July 31, 2024, and accrues interest at a rate of 12 . The Company s corporate offices are located in Santa Barbara, California and are provided to the Company free of charge from a related party. Director Independence Our Board of Directors currently consists of three members, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, including whether the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our Board has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our Board of Directors made these determinations, our Board would have reviewed and discussed information provided by our directors with regard to their business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The following table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 provided by BF Borgers CPA PC. 2022 2021 Audit Fees 77,000 63,200 Audit-Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Total 77,000 63,200 Audit Fees This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. Audit-Related Fees This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the SEC, other accounting consulting and other audit services. Tax Fees This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. All Other Fees This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. Our Board of Directors has adopted a procedure for pre-approval of all fees charged by our independent registered public accounting firm. Under the procedure, the Board approves the engagement letter with respect to audit, tax and review services. Other fees are subject to pre-approval by the Board, or, in the period between meetings, by a designated member of Board. Any such approval by the designated member is disclosed to the entire Board at the next meeting. 18 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES The following documents are being filed as part of this report: 1. The financial statements of the Company and the report of BF Borgers CPA PC are included in Part II, Item 8: 2. All financial statement supporting schedules are omitted because the information is inapplicable or presented in the Notes to Financial Statements. 3. Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit Location Reference 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger between Relay Mines Limited and TSI Med Acquisition Corp., dated as of September 13, 2004. 2 3.1 Articles of Merger for Relay Mines Limited and TSI Med Acquisition Corp. 2 3.2 Articles of Incorporation for Relay Mines Limited. 1 3.3 Certificate of Change dated November 30, 2006 providing for the reduction in the number of authorized shares of common stock from 100,000,000 shares to 2,000,000 shares and the corresponding reverse split of outstanding shares of common stock so that every fifty shares of common stock outstanding are exchanged for one share of common stock. 3 3.4 Bylaws, As Amended, for Relay Mines Limited. 2 3.5 Certificate of Change dated March 26, 2013 to amend the Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 2,000,000 shares to 950,000,000 shares. 6 3.6 Certificate of Amendment by Custodian, dated December 6, 2018. 5 3.7 Certificate of Reinstatement with the state of Nevada, filed December 6, 2018. 5 10.13 Common Stock Purchase Agreement 14.1 Code of Ethics. 4 99.1 Audit Committee Charter. 4 99.2 Disclosure Committee Charter. 4 31.1 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the Company s Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ______________ (1) Incorporated by reference from registration statement on Form SB-2 filed on May 1, 2001. (2) Incorporated by reference from current report on Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2004. (3) Incorporated by reference from Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the nine months ended October 31, 2006 filed on December 15, 2006. (4) Incorporated by reference from Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended June 30, 2003 filed on September 12, 2003. (5) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on April 30, 2019. (6) Incorporated by reference from the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10/A filed on June 18, 2019. Filed herewith. 19 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Bloomios, Inc. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Hill Michael Hill Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ John Bennett John Bennett Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Hill Michael Hill Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ John Bennett John Bennett Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Barrett Evans Barrett Evans President, Chief Strategy Officer and Director 20 

<EX-10.13>
 2
 blms_ex1013.htm
 COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
 blms_ex1013.htm EXHIBIT 10.13 PURCHASE AGREEMENT THIS PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of February 07, 2023 is made by and between Arena Business Results, LLC (the Investor ), and Bloomios, Inc., Nevada corporation (the Company ). WHEREAS , the parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall have the right to issue and sell to the Investor, from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to 20.0 million of the Company s shares of common stock, par value 0.00001 per share (the Common Shares and WHEREAS , the Common Shares are listed for trading on the OTC Markets under the symbol BLMS and WHEREAS , the offer and sale of the Common Shares issuable hereunder will be made in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Securities Act ), or upon such other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the transactions to be made hereunder. NOW, THEREFORE , the parties hereto agree as follows: ARTICLE I CERTAIN DEFINITIONS Advance shall mean the portion of the Commitment Amount, requested by the Company in an Advance Notice. Advance Date shall mean the 1st Trading Day after expiration of the applicable Pricing Period for each Advance. Advance Halt shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(d). Advance Notice shall mean a written notice in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto to the Investor executed by an officer of the Company or other authorized representative of the Company identified on Schedule 1 hereto and setting forth the amount of an Advance that the Company desires to issue and sell to the Investor. Advance Notice Date shall mean each date the Company delivers (in accordance with Section 2.02 of this Agreement) to the Investor an Advance Notice, subject to the terms of this Agreement. Affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.07. Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. Applicable Laws shall mean all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, executive orders, directives, policies, guidelines and codes having the force of law, whether local, national, or international, as amended from time to time, including without limitation (i) all applicable laws that relate to money laundering, terrorist financing, financial record keeping and reporting, (ii) all applicable laws that relate to anti-bribery, anti- corruption, books and records and internal controls, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and (iii) any Sanctions laws. Bankruptcy Law means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal, state or similar laws for the relief of debtors. Black Out Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.02. 1 Business Day means any day on which the Principal Market is open for trading, including any day on which the Principal Market is open for trading for a period of time less than the customary time. Buy-In shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.06. Buy-In Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.06. Closing shall have meaning set forth in Section 2.05. Commitment Amount shall mean 20.0 million of Common Shares, provided that , the Company shall not effect any sales under this Agreement and the Investor shall not have the obligation to purchase Common Shares under this Agreement to the extent (but only to the extent) that after giving effect to such purchase and sale the aggregate number of Common Shares issued under this Agreement would exceed 19.99 of the outstanding Common Shares as of the date of this Agreement (the Exchange Cap ), in the event that the Common Shares are listed on a Principal Market. Commitment Fee Price Per Share shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.04. Commitment Fee Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.04. Commitment Period shall mean the period commencing on the date hereof and expiring upon the date of termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 11.02. Common Shares shall have meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement. Common Share Equivalents shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.20. Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. Company Indemnitees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.02. Condition Satisfaction Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.01 Custodian means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law. Environmental Laws shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.08. Estimated Commitment Fee Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section13.04. Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Hazardous Materials shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.08. Indemnified Liabilities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01. Investor shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. Investor Indemnitees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01. Market Price shall mean the simple average of the daily VWAP of the Common Shares during the Pricing Period. 2 Material Adverse Effect shall mean any event, occurrence or condition that has had or would reasonably be expected to have (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under this Agreement. Material Outside Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.08. Maximum Advance Amount shall be calculated as follows: (a) if the Advance Notice is received by 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time, the lower of: (i) an amount equal to forty percent (40 of the average of the Daily Value Traded of the Common Shares on the ten trading days immediately preceding an Advance Notice, or (ii) 20 million; and (b) if the Advance Notice is received after 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time but prior to 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time, the lower of (i) an amount equal to thirty percent (30 of the average of the Daily Value Traded of the Common Shares on the ten trading days immediately preceding an Advance Notice, or (ii) 15 million. For purposes hereof, Daily Value Traded is the product obtained by multiplying the daily trading volume of the Company s Common Shares on the Principal Market during regular trading hours as reported by Bloomberg L.P., by the VWAP for such Trading Day. For the avoidance of doubt, the daily trading volume shall include all trades on the Principal Market during regular trading hours. OFAC shall mean the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Asset Control. Option Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.04. Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(a). Person shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof. Plan of Distribution shall mean the section of a Registration Statement disclosing the plan of distribution of the Shares. Pricing Period shall mean one (1) Trading Day, as notified by the Company to the Investor in the applicable Advance Notice, commencing on the Advance Notice Date. Principal Market shall mean the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the OTCQB, the OTCBB or the NYSE Euronext, whichever is at the time the principal trading exchange or market for the Common Shares. Purchase Price shall mean the price per Share obtained by multiplying the Market Price by 94 . If the total day s VWAP price at the end of any given 1-hour interval has changed by +/- 6 versus the previous 1-hour interval, the Purchase Price will be 94 of Arena's sale execution for that day. The last 30 minutes of trading will count as the final 1-hour interval. Registrable Securities shall mean (i) the Shares, and (ii) any securities issued or issuable with respect to any of the foregoing by way of exchange, stock dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization or otherwise. Registration Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(b). Registration Statement shall mean a registration statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 or on such other form promulgated by the SEC for which the Company then qualifies and which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate, and which form shall be available for the registration of the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities under the Securities Act. Regulation D shall mean the provisions of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 3 Required Delivery Date means any date on which the Company or its transfer agent is required to deliver Common Shares to Investor hereunder. Sanctions means any sanctions administered or enforced by OFAC, the U.S. State Department, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority. Sanctions Programs means any OFAC economic sanction program (including, without limitation, programs related to Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). SEC shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. SEC Documents shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.04. Securities Act shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement. Series A Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.05. Series B Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.05. Series C Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.05. Series D Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.05. Settlement Document shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(a). Shares shall mean the Commitment Fee Shares and the Common Shares to be issued from time to time hereunder pursuant to an Advance. Subsidiaries shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.01. Trading Day shall mean any day during which the Principal Market shall be open for business. Transaction Documents shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.02. Variable Rate Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.20. VWAP means, for any Trading Day, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such Trading Day on the Principal Market (a) from 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time through 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, excluding the opening price and the closing price, if the Advance Notice is received before 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time, and (b) from 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time through 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, excluding the opening price and the closing price, if the Advance Notice is received after 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time and before 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time (each, the Measurement Period provided, however for both (a) and (b) above, upon an Advance Halt the VWAP calculation shall terminate as of the effective time of the Material Outside Event; provided further, that the VWAP calculation shall exclude all trades over that number of Common Shares equal to 5 of the total volume traded over the applicable Measurement Period. For illustration purposes only, if 1,000,000 Common Shares trade over the applicable Measurement Period, then any trade over 50,000 Common Shares will be excluded from the VWAP calculation. ARTICLE II ADVANCES Section 2.01 Advances; Mechanics. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, the provisions of Article VII hereof), the Company, at its sole and exclusive option, may issue and sell to the Investor, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, Common Shares on the following terms. 4 Section 2.02 Advance Notice. At any time during the Commitment Period, the Company may require the Investor to purchase Shares by delivering an Advance Notice to the Investor, subject to the conditions set forth in Section 7.01, and in accordance with the following provisions: (a) The Company shall, in its sole discretion, select the amount of the Advance, not to exceed the Maximum Advance Amount, it desires to issue and sell to the Investor in each Advance Notice and the time it desires to deliver each Advance Notice. (b) There shall be no mandatory minimum Advances and no non-usages fee for not utilizing the Commitment Amount or any part thereof. (c) The Company shall be limited to delivering one (1) Advance Notice to Investor per Trading Day. (d) The Advance Notice shall be valid upon delivery to Investor in accordance with Exhibit C . Section 2.03 Date of Delivery of Advance Notice. An Advance Notice shall be deemed delivered on the day it is received by the Investor if such notice is received by email prior to 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time (or later if waived by the Investor in its sole discretion) in accordance with the instructions set forth on Exhibit C . Section 2.04 Advance Limitations. Regardless of the amount of an Advance requested by the Company in the Advance Notice, the final amount of an Advance pursuant to an Advance Notice shall be reduced in accordance with each of the following limitations: (a) Ownership Limitation; Commitment Amount . In no event shall the number of Common Shares issuable to the Investor pursuant to an Advance cause the aggregate number of Common Shares beneficially owned (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) by the Investor and its Affiliates as a result of previous issuances and sales of Common Shares to Investor under this Agreement to exceed 4.99 of the then outstanding Common Shares (the Ownership Limitation ). In connection with each Advance Notice delivered by the Company, any portion of an Advance that would (i) cause the Investor to exceed the Ownership Limitation or (ii) cause the aggregate number of Shares issued and sold to the Investor hereunder to exceed the Commitment Amount shall automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company, and such Advance Notice shall be deemed automatically modified to reduce the amount of the Advance requested by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion; provided that in the event of any such automatic withdrawal and automatic modification, Investor will promptly notify the Company of such event. (b) Registration Limitation . In no event shall an Advance exceed the amount registered under the Registration Statement then in effect (the Registration Limitation or the Exchange Cap to the extent applicable. In connection with each Advance Notice, any portion of an Advance that would exceed the Registration Limitation or Exchange Cap shall automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company and such Advance Notice shall be deemed automatically modified to reduce the aggregate amount of the requested Advance by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion in respect of each Advance Notice; provided that in the event of any such automatic withdrawal and automatic modification, Investor will promptly notify the Company of such event. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Company and the Investor acknowledge and agree that upon the Investor s receipt of a valid Advance Notice the parties shall be deemed to have entered into an unconditional contract binding on both parties for the purchase and sale of Shares pursuant to such Advance Notice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and subject to Applicable Law and Section 3.08 (Trading Activities), the Investor may sell Common Shares during the Pricing Period. 5 Section 2.05 Closings. The closing of each Advance and each sale and purchase of Shares related to each Advance (each, a Closing shall take place as soon as practicable on or after each Advance Date in accordance with the procedures set forth below. The parties acknowledge that the Purchase Price is not known at the time the Advance Notice is delivered (at which time the Investor is irrevocably bound) but shall be determined on each Closing based on the daily prices of the Common Shares that are the inputs to the determination of the Purchase Price as set forth further below. In connection with each Closing, the Company and the Investor shall fulfill each of its obligations as set forth below: (a) On each Advance Date, the Investor shall deliver to the Company a written document, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (each a Settlement Document ), setting forth the final number of Shares to be purchased by the Investor (taking into account any adjustments pursuant to Section 2.04 ), the Market Price, the Purchase Price, the aggregate proceeds to be paid by the Investor to the Company, and a report by Bloomberg, L.P. indicating the VWAP for each of the Trading Days during the Pricing Period (or, if not reported on Bloomberg, L.P., another reporting service reasonably agreed to by the parties), in each case in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. (b) Promptly after receipt of the Settlement Document with respect to each Advance (and, in any event, not later than two (2) Trading Days after such receipt), the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer such number of Shares to be purchased by the Investor (as set forth in the Settlement Document) by crediting the Investor s account or its designee s account at the Depository Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto, and transmit notification to the Investor that such share transfer has been requested. The Company shall promptly notify Investor if it has reasonable grounds to dispute the calculations set forth in the Settlement Document, and the Company agrees that such calculations shall be deemed agree-upon and final upon transfer of the Shares. All Shares to be purchased by the Investor pursuant to an Advance Notice shall be issued electronically through DTC s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian system. Promptly upon receipt of such notification (in any event, not later than three (3) Trading Days after such receipt), the Investor shall pay to the Company the aggregate purchase price of the Shares (as set forth in the Settlement Document) in cash in immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company in writing and transmit notification to the Company that such funds transfer has been requested. No fractional shares shall be issued, and any fractional amounts shall be rounded to the next higher whole number of shares. To facilitate the transfer of the Common Shares by the Investor, the Common Shares will not bear any restrictive legends so long as there is an effective Registration Statement covering such Common Shares (it being understood and agreed by the Investor that notwithstanding the lack of restrictive legends, the Investor may only sell such Common Shares pursuant to the plan of distribution set forth in the prospectus included in the Registration Statement and otherwise in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act (including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements) or pursuant to an available exemption from its registration requirements). (c) On or prior to the Advance Date, each of the Company and the Investor shall deliver to the other all documents, instruments and writings expressly required to be delivered by either of them pursuant to this Agreement in order to implement and effect the transactions contemplated herein. (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if on any day during the Pricing Period (i) the Company notifies Investor that a Material Outside Event set forth in Section 6.08(i) through (v) has occurred or if the Material Outside Event set forth in Sections 6.08(vi) or (vii) shall have occurred, or (ii) the Company notifies the Investor of a Black Out Period, the parties agree that the pending Advance shall end (the Advance Halt and the final number of Shares to be purchased by the Investor at the Closing for such Advance shall be equal to the number of Common Shares sold by the Investor during the applicable Pricing Period prior to the notification from the Company of a Material Outside Event or Black Out Period. 6 Section 2.06 Failure to Timely Deliver. (a) If on or prior to the Required Delivery Date either (I) if the transfer agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to Investor and register such Common Shares on the Company s share register or, if the transfer agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, credit the balance account of Investor or Investor s designee with DTC for the number of Common Shares to which Investor submitted for legend removal by Investor pursuant to clause (ii) below or otherwise or (II) if the Company s transfer agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, the transfer agent fails to credit the balance account of Investor or Investor s designee with DTC for such number of Common Shares submitted for legend removal by Investor (i.e., Commitment Fee Shares issued on the date hereof) and the Company fails to promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days (x) so notify Investor and (y) deliver the Common Shares electronically without any restrictive legend (so long as there is an effective Registration Statement covering such Common Shares) by crediting such aggregate number of Common Shares submitted for legend removal by Investor to Investor s or its designee s balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian system, and if on or after such Trading Day Investor purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by Investor of Common Shares submitted for legend removal by Investor that Investor is entitled to receive from the Company (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days after Investor s request and in Investor s discretion, either (i) pay cash to Investor in an amount equal to Investor s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, borrow fees and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any, for the Common Shares so purchased) (the Buy-In Price ), at which point the Company s obligation to so deliver such certificate or credit Investor s balance account shall terminate and such shares shall be cancelled, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to so deliver to Investor a certificate or certificates or credit the balance account of Investor or Investor s designee with DTC representing such number of Common Shares that would have been so delivered if the Company timely complied with its obligations hereunder and pay cash to Investor in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of Common Shares that the Company was required to deliver to Investor by the Required Delivery Date multiplied by (B) the price at which Investor sold such Common Shares in anticipation of the Company s timely compliance with its delivery obligations hereunder. Nothing shall limit Investor s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver certificates representing Common Shares (or to electronically deliver such Common Shares) as required pursuant to the terms hereof. (b) In the event the Investor sells Common Shares after receipt of an Advance Notice and the Company fails to perform its obligations as mandated in Section 2.05, the Company agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Article V hereto and in addition to any other remedy to which the Investor is entitled at law or in equity, including, without limitation, specific performance, it will hold the Investor harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or expense (including, without limitation, all brokerage commissions, borrow fees, legal fees and expenses and all other related out-of-pocket expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company and acknowledges that irreparable damage may occur in the event of any such default. It is accordingly agreed that the Investor shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent such breaches of this Agreement and to specifically enforce (subject to the Securities Act and other rules of the Principal Market), without the posting of a bond or other security, the terms and provisions of this Agreement. (c) In the event the Company provides an Advance Notice and the Investor fails to perform its obligations as mandated in Section 2.05, the Investor agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Article V hereto and in addition to any other remedy to which the Company is entitled at law or in equity, including, without limitation, specific performance, it will hold the Company harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or expense (including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses and all other related out-of- pocket expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Investor and acknowledges that irreparable damage may occur in the event of any such default. It is accordingly agreed that the Company shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent such breaches of this Agreement and to specifically enforce (subject to the Securities Act and other rules of the Principal Market), without the posting of a bond or other security, the terms and provisions of this Agreement. Section 2.07 Completion of Resale Pursuant to the Registration Statement. After the Investor has purchased the full Commitment Amount and has completed the subsequent resale of the full Commitment Amount pursuant to the Registration Statement, Investor will notify the Company that all subsequent resales are completed and the Company will be under no further obligation to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. 7 ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR Investor hereby represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Company that the following are true and correct as of the date hereof and as of each Advance Notice Date and each Advance Date: Section 3.01 Organization and Authorization. The Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, including all transactions contemplated hereby. The decision to invest and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Investor, the performance by the Investor of its obligations hereunder and the consummation by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized and require no other proceedings on the part of the Investor. The undersigned has the right, power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and all other instruments on behalf of the Investor or its shareholders. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Investor and, assuming the execution and delivery hereof and acceptance thereof by the Company, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Investor, enforceable against the Investor in accordance with its terms. Section 3.02 Evaluation of Risks. The Investor has such knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of, and bearing the economic risks entailed by, an investment in the Common Shares of the Company and of protecting its interests in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that its investment in the Company involves a high degree of risk, and that the Investor may lose all or a part of its investment. Section 3.03 No Legal, Investment or Tax Advice from the Company. The Investor acknowledges that it had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of the Company s representatives or agents for legal, tax, investment or other advice with respect to the Investor s acquisition of Common Shares hereunder, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the laws of any jurisdiction, and the Investor acknowledges that the Investor may lose all or a part of its investment. Section 3.04 Investment Purpose. The Investor is acquiring the Common Shares for its own account, for investment purposes and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered under or exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, the Investor does not agree, or make any representation or warranty, to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with, or pursuant to, a registration statement filed pursuant to this Agreement or an applicable exemption under the Securities Act. The Investor does not presently have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to sell or distribute any of the Common Shares. The Investor acknowledges that it will be disclosed as an underwriter and a selling stockholder in each Registration Statement and in any prospectus contained therein. Section 3.05 Accredited Investor. The Investor is an Accredited Investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D. Section 3.06 Information. The Investor and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and information the Investor deemed material to making an informed investment decision. The Investor and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company and its management and have received answers to such questions. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by such Investor or its advisors (and its counsel), if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect the Investor s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Company has not made to the Investor, and the Investor acknowledges and agrees it has not relied upon, any representations and warranties of the Company, its employees or any third party other than the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement. The Investor understands that its investment involves a high degree of risk. The Investor has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice, as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. Section 3.07 Not an Affiliate. The Investor is not an officer, director or a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with the Company or any affiliate of the Company (as that term is defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act). 8 Section 3.08 Trading Activities. The Investor s trading activities with respect to the Common Shares shall be in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Principal Market. Neither the Investor nor its affiliates has any open short position in the Common Shares, nor has the Investor entered into any hedging transaction that establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Shares, and the Investor agrees that it shall not, and that it will cause its affiliates not to, engage in any short sales or hedging transactions with respect to the Common Shares; provided that the Company acknowledges and agrees that upon receipt of an Advance Notice the Investor has the right to sell (a) the Common Shares to be issued to the Investor pursuant to the Advance Notice prior to receiving such Common Shares, or (b) other Common Shares issued or sold by the Company to Investor pursuant to this Agreement and which the Company has continuously held as a long position. Section 3.09 General Solicitation. Neither the Investor, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged or will engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with any offer or sale of the Common Shares by the Investor. ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, or in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or warranty otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules or in another Section of the Disclosure Schedules, to the extent that it is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure that such disclosure is applicable to such Section, the Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, as of the date hereof and each Advance Notice Date (other than representations and warranties which address matters only as of a certain date, which shall be true and correct as written as of such certain date), that: Section 4.01 Organization and Qualification. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) is an entity duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its state of organization or incorporation, and has the requisite power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing (to the extent applicable) in every jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Subsidiaries means any Person (as defined below) in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (x) owns any of the outstanding capital stock or holds any equity or similar interest of such Person or (y) controls or operates all or any part of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and each of the foregoing, is individually referred to herein as a Subsidiary . Section 4.02 Authorization, Enforcement, Compliance with Other Instruments. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to issue the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Common Shares) have been or (with respect to consummation) will be duly authorized by the Company s board of directors and no further consent or authorization will be required by the Company, its board of directors or its shareholders (except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement). This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been (or, when executed and delivered, will be) duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the execution and delivery thereof and acceptance by the Investor, constitute (or, when duly executed and delivered, will be) the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or other laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as rights to indemnification and to contribution may be limited by federal or state securities law. Transaction Documents means, collectively, this Agreement and each of the other agreements and instruments entered into or delivered by any of the parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, as may be amended from time to time. 9 Section 4.03 No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Common Shares) will not (i) result in a violation of the certificate of incorporation or other organizational documents of the Company or its Subsidiaries (with respect to consummation, as the same may be amended prior to the date on which any of the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated), (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or its Subsidiaries is bound or affected except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, to the extent such violations or conflicts would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 4.04 SEC Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (all of the foregoing filed within two years preceding the date hereof or amended after the date hereof, or filed after the date hereof, and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, and all registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act, being hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents ). The Company has made available to the Investor through the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov, true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, when viewed as a whole as of the date hereof, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates (or, with respect to any filing that has been amended or superseded, the date of such amendment or superseding filing), the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents. As of their respective dates (or, with respect to any financial statements that have been amended or superseded, the date of such amended or superseding financial statements), the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the respective dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Section 4.05 Equity Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the authorized capital of the Company consists of 950,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of 945,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.00001 per share, of which 10,000 shares have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ), 800 shares have been designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock ), 3,000,000 shares have been designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock and 100,000 shares have been designated as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Series D Preferred Stock ). As of the date hereof, the Company had 29,950,044 Common Shares outstanding. Section 4.06 Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and rights, if any, necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted, except as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not received written notice of any infringement by the Company or its Subsidiaries of trademark, trade name rights, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, or trade secrets. To the knowledge of the Company, there is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought against, or to the Company s knowledge, being threatened against the Company or its Subsidiaries regarding any material trademark, trade name, patents, patent rights, invention, copyright, license, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other infringement; and the Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. 10 Section 4.07 Employee Relations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is involved in any labor dispute nor, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, is any such dispute threatened, in each case which is reasonably likely to cause a Material Adverse Effect. Section 4.08 Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) have not received written notice alleging any failure to comply in all material respects with all Environmental Laws (as defined below), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) have not received written notice alleging any failure to comply with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where, in each of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The term Environmental Laws means all applicable federal, state and local laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder. Section 4.09 Title. Except as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect, the Company (or its Subsidiaries) have indefeasible fee simple or leasehold title to its properties and assets owned by it, free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, encumbrance, claim or equitable interest. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company and its Subsidiaries. Section 4.10 Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 4.11 Regulatory Permits. Except as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to own their respective businesses, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permits. Section 4.12 Internal Accounting Controls. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences, and management is not aware of any material weaknesses that are not disclosed in the SEC Documents as and when required. Section 4.13 Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending against or affecting the Company, the Common Shares or any of the Company s Subsidiaries, wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding would have a Material Adverse Effect. 11 Section 4.14 Subsidiaries. As of the date hereof, the Company controls three wholly owned subsidiaries, CBD Brand Partners, LLC, Bloomios Private Label, LLC and Infused Confections, LLC. Section 4.15 Tax Status. Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) has timely made or filed all foreign, federal and state income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has timely paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. The Company has not received written notification any unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries know of no basis for any such claim where failure to pay would cause a Material Adverse Effect. Section 4.16 Certain Transactions. Except as not required to be disclosed pursuant to Applicable Law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, not yet required to be disclosed at the relevant time), none of the officers or directors of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer or director, or to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer or director has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. Section 4.18 Dilution. The Company is aware and acknowledges that issuance of Common Shares hereunder could cause dilution to existing shareholders and could significantly increase the outstanding number of Common Shares. Section 4.19 Acknowledgment Regarding Investor s Purchase of Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length investor with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder. The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder is merely incidental to the Investor s purchase of the Shares hereunder. The Company is aware and acknowledges that it shall not be able to request Advances under this Agreement if the Registration Statement is not effective or if any issuances of Common Shares pursuant to any Advances would violate any rules of the Principal Market. Section 4.20 Sanctions Matters. Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary of the Company, nor, to the Company s knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC from time to time; (a) the subject of any Sanctions; or (b) has a place of business in, or is operating, organized, resident or doing business in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions Programs (including without limitation Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). Section 4.21 DTC Eligibility . The Company, through the transfer agent, currently participates in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) Program and the Common Shares can be transferred electronically to third parties via the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) Program. 12 ARTICLE V INDEMNIFICATION The Investor and the Company represent to the other the following with respect to itself: Section 5.01 Indemnification by the Company. In consideration of the Investor s execution and delivery of this Agreement, and in addition to all of the Company s other obligations under this Agreement, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Investor, its investment manager, and each of their respective officers, directors, managers, members, partners, employees and agents (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls the Investor within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Investor Indemnitees from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and reasonable and documented expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Investor Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities ), incurred by the Investor Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided , however , that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any material misrepresentation or breach of any material representation or material warranty made by the Company in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby; or (c) any material breach of any material covenant, material agreement or material obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable under Applicable Law, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities, which is permissible under Applicable Law. Section 5.02 Indemnification by the Investor. In consideration of the Company s execution and delivery of this Agreement, and in addition to all of the Investor s other obligations under this Agreement, the Investor shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Company and all of its officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls the Investor within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Company Indemnitees from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by the Company Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that the Investor will only be liable for written information relating to the Investor furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor specifically for inclusion in the documents referred to in the foregoing indemnity, and will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Investor by or on behalf of the Company specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Investor in this Agreement or any instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby executed by the Investor; or (c) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Investor(s) contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby executed by the Investor. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Investor may be unenforceable under Applicable Law, the Investor shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities, which is permissible under Applicable Law. 13 Section 5.03 Notice of Claim. Promptly after receipt by an Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving an Indemnified Liability, such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, as applicable, shall, if a claim for an Indemnified Liability in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Article V, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof; but the failure to so notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it of liability under this Article V except to the extent the indemnifying party is prejudiced by such failure. The indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually reasonably satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, as the case may be; provided, however, that an Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the actual and reasonable third party fees and expenses of not more than one counsel for such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee reasonably apprised as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent, provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The indemnification required by this Article V shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received and payment therefor is due, subject to receipt by the indemnifying party of an undertaking to repay any amounts that such party is ultimately not entitled to receive as indemnification pursuant to this Agreement. Section 5.04 Remedies. The remedies provided for in this Article V are not exclusive and shall not limit any right or remedy which may be available to any indemnified person at law or equity. The obligations of the parties to indemnify or make contribution under this Article V shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement. Section 5.05 Limitation of Liability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no party shall be entitled to recover from the other party for punitive, indirect, incidental or consequential damages. ARTICLE VI COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY Section 6.01 Registration Statement. (a) Filing of a Registration Statement . As promptly as practicable following the date of this Agreement but in no event later than twenty (20) business days after listing of the Shares on a Principal Market, the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement for the resale by the Investor of Registrable Securities and shall file one or more additional Registration Statements for the resale by Investor of Registrable Securities if necessary. The Company acknowledges and agrees that it shall not have the ability to request any Advances until the effectiveness of a Registration Statement registering the applicable Registrable Securities for resale by the Investor. 14 (b) Maintaining a Registration Statement . The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of any Registration Statement that has been declared effective at all times during the Commitment Period, provided, however, that if the Company has received notification pursuant to Section 2.04 that the Investor has completed resales pursuant to the Registration Statement for the full Commitment Amount, then the Company shall be under no further obligation to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that, when filed, each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) and the prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used in connection with such Registration Statement shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made) not misleading. During the Commitment Period, the Company shall notify the Investor promptly if (i) the Registration Statement shall cease to be effective under the Securities Act, (ii) the Common Shares shall cease to be authorized for listing on the Principal Market, (iii) the Common Shares cease to be registered under Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act or (iv) the Company fails to file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act. (c) Filing Procedures . Not less than one business day prior to the filing of a Registration Statement and not less than one business day prior to the filing of any related amendments and supplements to any Registration Statements (except for any amendments or supplements caused by the filing of any annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any similar or successor reports), the Company shall furnish to the Investor copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act) will be subject to the reasonable and prompt review of the Investor (in each of which cases, if such document contains material non-public information as consented to by the Investor pursuant to Section 6.13, the information provided to Investor will be kept strictly confidential until filed and treated as subject to Section 6.08). The Investor shall furnish comments on a Registration Statement and any related amendment and supplement to a Registration Statement to the Company within 24 hours of the receipt thereof. If the Investor fails to provide comments to the Company within such 24-hour period, then the Registration Statement, related amendment or related supplement, as applicable, shall be deemed accepted by the Investor in the form originally delivered by the Company to the Investor. (d) Delivery of Final Documents . The Company shall furnish to the Investor without charge, (i) at least one copy of each Registration Statement as declared effective by the SEC and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, all exhibits and each preliminary prospectus, (ii) at the request of the Investor, at least one copy of the final prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as the Investor may reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents as the Investor may reasonably request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Common Shares owned by the Investor pursuant to a Registration Statement. Filing of the forgoing with the SEC via its EDGAR system shall satisfy the requirements of this section. (e) Amendments and Other Filings . The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a Registration Statement and the related prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times during the Commitment Period, and prepare and file with the SEC such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities; (ii) cause the related prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act; (iii) provide the Investor copies of all correspondence from and to the SEC relating to a Registration Statement (provided that the Company may excise any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information), and (iv) comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Common Shares of the Company covered by such Registration Statement until such time as all of such Common Shares shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such Registration Statement. In the case of amendments and supplements to a Registration Statement which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to this Section 6.01(e)) by reason of the Company s filing a report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, or Form 8-K or any analogous report under the Exchange Act, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to file such report in a prospectus supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act to incorporate such filing into the Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall file such amendments or supplements with the SEC either on the day on which the Exchange Act report is filed which created the requirement for the Company to amend or supplement the Registration Statement, if feasible, or otherwise promptly thereafter. 15 (f) Blue-Sky . The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to, if required by Applicable Law, (i) register and qualify the Common Shares covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Commitment Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Commitment Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Common Shares for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (w) make any change to its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 6.01(f), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the Investor of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Common Shares for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose. Section 6.02 Suspension of Registration Statement. (a) Establishment of a Black Out Period . During the Commitment Period, the Company from time to time may suspend the use of the Registration Statement by written notice to the Investor in the event that the Company determines in its sole discretion in good faith that such suspension is necessary to (A) delay the disclosure of material nonpublic information concerning the Company, the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the Company, in the best interests of the Company or (B) amend or supplement the Registration Statement or prospectus so that such Registration Statement or prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (a Black Out Period ). (b) No Sales by Investor During the Black Out Period . During such Black Out Period, the Investor agrees not to sell any Common Shares of the Company. (c) Limitations on the Black Out Period . The Company shall not impose any Black Out Period that is longer than 60 days or in a manner that is more restrictive (including, without limitation, as to duration) than the comparable restrictions that the Company may impose on transfers of the Company s equity securities by its directors and senior executive officers. In addition, the Company shall not deliver any Advance Notice during any Black Out Period. If the public announcement of such material, nonpublic information is made during a Black Out Period, the Black Out Period shall terminate immediately after such announcement. Section 6.03 Listing of Common Shares. As of each Advance Date, the Shares to be sold by the Company from time to time hereunder will have been registered under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and approved for listing on the Principal Market, subject to official notice of issuance. Section 6.04 Opinion of Counsel. Prior to the date of the delivery by the Company of the first Advance Notice, the Investor shall have received an opinion letter and negative assurances letter from counsel to the Company in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Investor. Section 6.05 Exchange Act Registration. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act and will not take any action or file any document (whether or not permitted by Exchange Act or the rules thereunder) to terminate or suspend its reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange Act. Section 6.06 Transfer Agent Instructions. For any time while there is a Registration Statement in effect for this transaction, the Company shall (if required by the transfer agent for the Common Shares) cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver to the transfer agent for the Common Shares (with a copy to the Investor) instructions to issue Common Shares to the Investor free of restrictive legends upon each Advance if the delivery of such instructions are consistent with Applicable Law. 16 Section 6.07 Corporate Existence. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve and continue the corporate existence of the Company during the Commitment Period. Section 6.08 Notice of Certain Events Affecting Registration; Suspension of Right to Make an Advance. The Company will promptly notify the Investor, and confirm in writing, upon its becoming aware of the occurrence of any of the following events in respect of a Registration Statement or related prospectus relating to an offering of Common Shares (in each of which cases the information provided to Investor will be kept strictly confidential): (i) except for requests made in connection with SEC or other Federal or state governmental authority investigations disclosed in the SEC Documents, receipt of any request for additional information by the SEC or any other Federal or state governmental authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any request for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or related prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the SEC or any other Federal governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Common Shares for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or written threat of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the happening of any event that makes any statement made in the Registration Statement or related prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, related prospectus or documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and that in the case of the related prospectus, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or of the necessity to amend the Registration Statement or supplement a related prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or any other law; and (v) the Company s reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement would be appropriate; and the Company will promptly make available to the Investor any such supplement or amendment to the related prospectus. The Company shall not deliver to the Investor any Advance Notice, and the Company shall not sell any Shares pursuant any pending Advance Notice (other than as required pursuant to Section 2.05(d)), during the continuation of any of the foregoing events in clauses (i) through (v) above, or in the event that (vi) there shall be no bid for the Common Shares on the Principal Market for a period of 15 consecutive minutes at any time during the applicable Pricing Period or (vii) there shall be a trading halt or circuit breaker event with respect to the Common Shares on the Principal Market during the applicable Pricing Period (each of the events described in the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (vii), inclusive, a Material Outside Event ). Section 6.09 Consolidation. If an Advance Notice has been delivered to the Investor, then the Company shall not effect any consolidation of the Company with or into, or a transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the Company to another entity before the transaction contemplated in such Advance Notice has been closed in accordance with Section 2.05 hereof, and all Shares in connection with such Advance have been received by the Investor. Section 6.10 Issuance of the Company s Common Shares. The issuance and sale of the Common Shares hereunder shall be made in accordance with the provisions and requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Regulation D under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities law. Section 6.11 Market Activities. The Company will not, directly or indirectly, take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company under Regulation M of the Exchange Act. Section 6.12 Expenses. The Company, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including but not limited to (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement and each amendment and supplement thereto, of each prospectus and of each amendment and supplement thereto; (ii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of any Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) all reasonable fees and disbursements of the Company s counsel up to 25,000, of which 15,000 has been paid by the Company and the remaining shall be paid from the first 10,000 in proceeds the Company will receive from the transactions contemplated by the Agreement (iv) the qualification of the Shares under securities laws in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, including filing fees in connection therewith, (v) the printing and delivery of copies of any prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, (vi) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing or qualification of the Shares for trading on the Principal Market, or (vii) filing fees of the SEC and the Principal Market. 17 Section 6.13 Current Report. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents not to, provide the Investor with any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries without the express prior written consent of the Investor (which may be granted or withheld in the Investor s sole discretion and must include an agreement to keep such information confidential until publicly disclosed or 45 days have passed); it being understood that the mere notification of Investor required pursuant to Section 6.08(iv) hereof shall not in and of itself be deemed to be material non-public information. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly agrees that it shall publicly disclose, no later than 45 days following the date hereof, but in any event prior to delivering the first Advance Notice hereunder, any information communicated to the Investor by or, to the knowledge of the Company, on behalf of the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, which, following the date hereof would, if not so disclosed, constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries. Section 6.14 Advance Notice Limitation. The Company shall not deliver an Advance Notice if a shareholder meeting or corporate action date, or the record date for any shareholder meeting or any corporate action, would fall during the period beginning two Trading Days prior to the date of delivery of such Advance Notice and ending two Trading Days following the Closing of such Advance. Section 6.15 Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of the Common Shares hereunder for working capital and other general corporate purposes or, if different, in a manner consistent with the application thereof described in the Registration Statement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the transactions contemplated herein, or lend, contribute, facilitate or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person (i) to fund, either directly or indirectly, any activities or business of or with any Person that is identified on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocker Persons maintained by OFAC, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions or Sanctions Programs, or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions. Section 6.16 Compliance with Laws. The Company shall comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws. Section 6.17 Aggregation . From and after the date of this Agreement, neither the Company, nor or any of its affiliates will, and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Person acting on their behalf will, directly or indirectly, make any offers or sales of any security or solicit any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities by the Company to the Investor to be aggregated with other offerings by the Company in a manner that would require shareholder approval pursuant to the rules of the Principal Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated, unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction in accordance with the rules of such Principal Market. Section 6.18 Other Transactions . The Company shall not enter into, announce or recommend to its shareholders any agreement, plan, arrangement or transaction in or of which the terms thereof would restrict, materially delay, conflict with or impair the ability or right of the Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the obligation of the Company to deliver the Shares to the Investor in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents. Section 6.19 Integration . From and after the date of this Agreement, neither the Company, nor or any of its affiliates will, and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Person acting on their behalf will, directly or indirectly, make any offers or sales of any security or solicit any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would require registration of the offer and sale of any of the Securities under the Securities Act. 18 Section 6.20 Limitation on Variable Rate Transactions . From the date hereof until the earlier of (i) the date that the Investor has purchased 15 million in Common Shares hereunder or (ii) six (6) months after any Termination hereunder, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company of Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction, other than in connection with (i) the issuance of Common Shares issued pursuant to an at-the-market offering by the Company exclusively through a registered broker-dealer acting as agent of the Company pursuant to a written agreement between the Company and such registered broker-dealer (an ATM Agreement ), provided that the Company issues to the Investor that number of Common Shares having an aggregate dollar value equal to 350,000 based on a per Common Share price equal to the simple average of the daily VWAP of the Common Shares during the ten (10) Trading Days immediately following the date upon which the Company executes any such ATM Agreement and (ii) additional equity lines of credit with other investors. Section 6.21 DTC . The Company shall take all action necessary to ensure that its Common Shares can be transferred electronically as DWAC Shares. DWAC Shares means Common Shares that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without restriction on resale and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investor s or its designee s specified Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian DWAC account with DTC under its Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Section 6.22 Non-Public Information . Each party hereto agrees not to disclose any Confidential Information of the other party to any third party and shall not use the Confidential Information for any purpose other than in connection with, or in furtherance of, the transactions contemplated hereby in full compliance with applicable securities laws; provided, however that a party may disclose Confidential Information that is required by law to be disclosed by the receiving party, provided that the receiving party gives the disclosing party prompt written notice of such requirement prior to such disclosure and assistance in obtaining an order protecting the information from public disclosure. Each party hereto acknowledges that the Confidential Information shall remain the property of the disclosing party and agrees that it shall take all reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of any Confidential Information disclosed by the other party. The Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf shall provide the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes material, non-public information, unless a simultaneous public announcement thereof is made by the Company in the manner contemplated by Regulation FD under the Exchange Act. In the event of a breach of the foregoing covenant by the Company or any Person acting on its behalf (as determined in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Investor), in addition to any other remedy provided herein or in the other Transaction Documents, the Investor shall have the right to make a public disclosure, in the form of a press release, public advertisement or otherwise, of such material, non-public information without the prior approval by the Company; provided the Investor shall have first provided notice to the Company that it believes it has received information that constitutes material, non- public information, the Company shall have at least twenty-four (24) hours to publicly disclose such material, non- public information prior to any such disclosure by the Investor, and the Company shall have failed to publicly disclose such material, non-public information within such time period. The Investor shall not have any liability to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders or agents, for any such disclosure. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor shall be relying on the foregoing covenants in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS FOR DELIVERY OF ADVANCE NOTICE Section 7.01 Conditions Precedent to the Right of the Company to Deliver an Advance Notice. The right of the Company to deliver an Advance Notice and the obligations of the Investor hereunder with respect to an Advance is subject to: (a) the satisfaction by the Company, on each Advance Notice Date (a Condition Satisfaction Date ), of each of the following conditions: (b) Accuracy of the Company s Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects. 19 (c) Registration of the Common Shares with the SEC . There is an effective Registration Statement pursuant to which the Investor is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all of the Commitment Fee Shares and Common Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice. The Company shall have filed with the SEC all reports, notices and other documents required under the Exchange Act and applicable SEC regulations during the twelve-month period immediately preceding the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date. (d) Authority . The Company shall have obtained all permits and qualifications required by any applicable state for the offer and sale of all the Common Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice, or shall have the availability of exemptions therefrom. The sale and issuance of such Common Shares shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which the Company is subject. (e) No Material Outside Event . No Material Outside Event shall have occurred and be continuing. (f) Performance by the Company . The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date (for the avoidance of doubt, if the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement at the time of the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date, but did not comply with any timing requirement set forth herein, then this condition shall be deemed satisfied unless the Investor is materially prejudiced by the failure of the Company to comply with any such timing requirement). (g) No Injunction . No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly, materially and adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. (h) No Suspension of Trading in or Delisting of Common Shares . The Common Shares are quoted for trading on the Principal Market and all of the Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice will be listed or quoted for trading on the Principal Market. The issuance of Common Shares with respect to the applicable Advance Notice will not violate the shareholder approval requirements of the Principal Market. The Company shall not have received any written notice that is then still pending threatening the continued quotation of the Common Shares on the Principal Market. (i) Authorized . There shall be a sufficient number of authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved Common Shares for the issuance of all of the Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice. (j) Executed Advance Notice . The representations contained in the applicable Advance Notice shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date. (k) Consecutive Advance Notices . Except with respect to the first Advance Notice, the Pricing Period for all prior Advances has been completed. Furthermore, the Company shall not have the right to deliver an Advance Notice to the Investor if any of the following shall occur: (l) the Company breaches any representation or warranty in any material respect, or breaches any covenant or other term or condition under any Transaction Document in any material respect, and except in the case of a breach of a covenant which is reasonably curable, only if such breach continues for a period of at least three (3) consecutive Business Days; (m) if any Person commences a proceeding against the Company pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law for so long as such proceeding is not dismissed; (n) if the Company is at any time insolvent, or, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, (i) commences a voluntary case, (ii) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (iii) consents to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property, or (iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or (v) the Company is generally unable to pay its debts as the same become due; (o) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (i) is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case, (ii) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or (iii) orders the liquidation of the Company or any Subsidiary for so long as such order, decree or similar action remains in effect; or (p) if at any time the Company is not eligible to transfer its Common Shares electronically through DTC s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian system. 20 ARTICLE VIII NON-DISCLOSURE OF NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION The Company covenants and agrees that, other than as expressly required by Section 6.08 hereof or, with the Investor s consent pursuant to Section 6.01(c) and 6.13, it shall refrain from disclosing, and shall cause its officers, directors, employees and agents to refrain from disclosing, any material non-public information (as determined under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or the rules and regulations of the SEC) to the Investor without also disseminating such information to the public, unless prior to disclosure of such information the Company identifies such information as being material non-public information and provides the Investor with the opportunity to accept or refuse to accept such material non-public information for review. Unless specifically agreed to in writing, in no event shall the Investor have a duty of confidentially, or be deemed to have agreed to maintain information in confidence, with respect to the delivery of any Advance Notices. ARTICLE IX NON-EXCLUSIVE AGREEMENT Notwithstanding anything contained herein, this Agreement and the rights awarded to the Investor hereunder are non-exclusive, and the Company may, at any time throughout the term of this Agreement and thereafter, issue and allot, or undertake to issue and allot, any shares and/or securities and/or convertible notes, bonds, debentures, options to acquire shares or other securities and/or other facilities which may be converted into or replaced by Common Shares or other securities of the Company, and to extend, renew and/or recycle any bonds and/or debentures, and/or grant any rights with respect to its existing and/or future share capital. ARTICLE X CHOICE OF LAW/JURISDICTION This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflict of laws. The parties further agree that any action between them shall be heard in New York County, New York, and expressly consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the Supreme Court of New York, sitting in New York County, New York and the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, sitting in New York, New York, for the adjudication of any civil action asserted pursuant to this Agreement. ARTICLE XI ASSIGNMENT; TERMINATION Section 11.01 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations of the parties hereto may be assigned to any other Person. Section 11.02 Termination. (a) Unless earlier terminated as provided hereunder, this Agreement shall terminate automatically on the earliest of (i) the first day of the month next following the 36-month anniversary of the date hereof or (ii) the date on which the Investor shall have made payment of Advances pursuant to this Agreement for Common Shares equal to the Commitment Amount. 21 (b) The Company may terminate this Agreement effective upon five Trading Days prior written notice to the Investor; provided that (i) there are no outstanding Advance Notices, the Common Shares under which have yet to be issued, and (ii) the Company has paid all amounts owed to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by the mutual written consent of the parties, effective as of the date of such mutual written consent unless otherwise provided in such written consent. c) Nothing in this Section 11.02 shall be deemed to release the Company or the Investor from any liability for any breach under this Agreement, or to impair the rights of the Company and the Investor to compel specific performance by the other party of its obligations under this Agreement. The indemnification provisions contained in Article V shall survive termination hereunder. ARTICLE XII NOTICES Other than with respect to Advance Notices, which must be in writing and will be deemed delivered on the day set forth in Section 2.02 in accordance with Exhibit C , any notices, consents, waivers, or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile or e-mail if sent on a Trading Day, or, if not sent on a Trading Day, on the immediately following Trading Day; (iii) 5 days after being sent by U.S. certified mail, return receipt requested, (iv) 1 day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers for such communications (except for Advance Notices which shall be delivered in accordance with Exhibit A hereof) shall be: If to the Company, to: Bloomios, Inc. 701 Anacapa Street, Suite C Santa Barbara, CA 93101 Attention: Michael Hill Telephone: (805) 222-6330 Email: mhill@bloomios.com With a Copy (which shall not constitute notice or delivery of process) to: Lucosky Brookman LLP 101 Wood Avenue South Woodbridge, NJ 08830 Attention: Seth A. Brookman E-Mail: sbrookman@lucbro.com If to the Investor(s): Arena Business Results, LLC 405 Le xi ngton Ave, 59th Floor New York, NY 10174 Attention: Yoav Stramer Telephone: (212) 752-2568 Email: ystramer@arenaco.com With a Copy (which shall not constitute notice or delivery of process) to: K L Gates LLP 599 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10022 Attention: Matthew Ogurick, Esq. Telephone: (212) 536-4085 Email: matthew.ogurick@klgates.com Either may change its information contained in this Article XII by delivering notice to the other party as set forth herein. 22 ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS Section 13.01 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, both which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. Facsimile or other electronically scanned and delivered signatures, including by e-mail attachment, shall be deemed originals for all purposes of this Agreement. Section 13.02 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements between the Investor, the Company, their respective affiliates and persons acting on their behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and, except as specifically set forth herein, neither the Company nor the Investor makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the parties to this Agreement. The provisions of the existing confidentiality agreement between the Investor and the Company shall remain in force, except that all provisions therein dealing with the treatment of material non-public information are superseded by this Agreement. Section 13.03 Reporting Entity for the Common Shares. The reporting entity relied upon for the determination of the trading price or trading volume of the Common Shares on any given Trading Day for the purposes of this Agreement shall be Bloomberg, L.P. or any successor thereto. The written mutual consent of the Investor and the Company shall be required to employ any other reporting entity. Section 13.04 Commitment and Structuring and Due Diligence Fee. Each of the parties shall pay its own fees and expenses (including the fees of any attorneys, accountants, appraisers or others engaged by such party) in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except that, on the date hereof or promptly thereafter, the Company will pay Investor s counsel s fee not to exceed 25,000. The Company shall also issue to Investor as a commitment fee that number of Common Shares having an aggregate dollar value equal to 800,000 based on a per Common Share price (the Commitment Fee Price Per Share equal to the simple average of the daily VWAP of the Common Shares during the ten (10) Trading Days immediately preceding the effectiveness of the Registration Statement (the Commitment Fee Shares ). All of the Commitment Fee Shares shall be deemed fully earned on the date hereof. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company shall issue 800,000 Commitment Fee Shares (the Estimated Commitment Fee Shares ). In the event that the number of Commitment Fee Shares exceeds the Estimated Commitment Fee Shares, then, no later than two (2) Trading Days after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver to the Investor as through DTC s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian system such number of additional Common Shares equal to the number of Commitment Fee Shares minus the Estimated Commitment Fee Shares. In the event that the Estimated Commitment Fee Shares exceeds the number of Commitment Fee Shares, then the Investor shall return such excess shares. Section 13.05 Brokerage. Each of the parties hereto represents that it has had no dealings in connection with this transaction with any finder or broker who will demand payment of any fee or commission from the other party. The Company on the one hand, and the Investor, on the other hand, agree to indemnify the other against and hold the other harmless from any and all liabilities to any person claiming brokerage commissions or finder s fees on account of services purported to have been rendered on behalf of the indemnifying party in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 23 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Purchase Agreement to be executed by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first set forth above. COMPANY: BLOOMIOS, INC. /s/ Michael Hill Name: Michael Hill Title: Chief Executive Officer INVESTOR: ARENA BUSINESS RESULTS, LLC By: /s/ Lawrence Cutler Name: Lawrence Cutler Title: Authorized Signatory 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 blms_ex231.htm
 CONSENT
 
 blms_ex231.htm EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We hereby consent to the incorporation in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-257890) of our report dated April 17, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Bloomios, Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Certified Public Accountants Lakewood, CO April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 blms_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 blms_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Michael Hill, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K annual report for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Bloomios Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 /s/ Michael Hill Michael Hill Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 blms_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 blms_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, John Bennett, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K annual report for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Bloomios, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 /s/ John Bennett John Bennett Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 blms_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 blms_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE In connection with the Annual Report of Bloomios, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the operations of the Company. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Hill Michael Hill Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 blms_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 blms_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE In connection with the Annual Report of Bloomios, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the operations of the Company. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ John Bennett John Bennett Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 blms-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 blms-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 blms-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 blms-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

