<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230629_10-K_edgar_data_1922947_0001213900-23-053020.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6592244</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>393617</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1202807</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1672749</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1277605</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1834626</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-053020.hdr.sgml : 20230629
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230629172725
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-053020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230629
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230629

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Wellings Real Estate Income Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001922947
		IRS NUMBER:				886163167
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56432
		FILM NUMBER:		231058595

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14805 FOREST ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 203
		CITY:			FOREST
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24551
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-844-2188

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14805 FOREST ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 203
		CITY:			FOREST
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24551

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-053020.txt : 20230629

10-K
 1
 ea156485_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from _______________ to _____________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

- 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: 

None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
"emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Wellings Real Estate Income Fund 

FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item No. 
 
 Contents 
 
 Page 

GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
 3 

PART I 
 
 5 
 
 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 5 
 
 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 33 
 
 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 59 
 
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 59 
 
 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 59 
 
 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 59 

PART II 
 
 60 
 
 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 60 
 
 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 60 
 
 7. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 60 
 
 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 65 
 
 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 66 
 
 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 79 
 
 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 79 
 
 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 79 
 
 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 79 

PART III 
 
 80 
 
 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 80 
 
 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 85 
 
 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 85 
 
 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 85 
 
 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 86 

PART IV 
 
 87 
 
 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 87 
 
 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 87 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 87 

SIGNATURES 
 
 88 

2 

GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 

The following terms may be used throughout this
Report, including Financial Statements and related notes. 

Term 
 
 Definition 
 
 ASC 
 
 Accounting Standards Codification 
 
 ASU 
 
 Accounting Standards Update 
 
 CECL 
 
 Current Expected Credit Loss 
 
 CEO 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 CFO 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 CFPB 
 
 U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 Compensation and Stock Option Committee of Wellings Real Estate Income Fund 
 
 Customer Tenure 
 
 The number of years since a customer was first serviced by the Company 
 
 DOJ 
 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization 
 
 EDGAR 
 
 Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval 
 
 ERISA 
 
 Employee Retirement Income Security Act 
 
 Exchange Act 
 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 FASB 
 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 
 FCPA 
 
 U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended 
 
 G A 
 
 General and administrative 
 
 GAAP 
 
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 IRS 
 
 U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
 
 LIBOR 
 
 London Interbank Offered Rate 
 
 PCD 
 
 Purchased Assets with Credit Deterioration 
 
 Performance Options 
 
 Performance-based stock options 
 
 Performance Shares 
 
 Service- and performance-based restricted stock awards 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 Service-based restricted stock awards 
 
 Rehab Rate 
 
 Percentage of 91 days or more delinquent that do not charge off 
 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 SEC 
 
 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
 SERP 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans 
 
 Service Options 
 
 Service-based stock options 
 
 SOFR 
 
 Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
 
 SPV 
 
 Special Purpose Vehicle 
 
 Transition Tax 
 
 Tax amount associated with a one-time repatriation tax on deferred foreign income 
 
 UCC 
 
 Uniform Commercial Code 

3 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report, including, without limitation, statements
under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains
forward-looking statements that involve substantial known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. Undue reliance should not
be placed on such statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations,
estimates and projections about Wellings Real Estate Income Fund (the Fund ), current and prospective portfolio investments,
industry, beliefs and the Fund s assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, 
 plans, will, may, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, 
 would, could, should, targets, projects, and variations of these
words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance
and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond the Fund s control and difficult to predict
and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including: 

uncertainties
 associated with the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, including the negative
 effect that the COVID-19 pandemic is having and is expected to have on the credit markets
 and the negative effect that the COVID-19 pandemic could have on the Fund s business; 

business
 prospects and the prospects of the Fund s portfolio companies; 

changes
 in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions
 affecting the financial and capital markets; 

the
 ability of the Investment Adviser to locate suitable investments for the Fund and to monitor
 and administer the Fund s investments; 

the
 ability of the Investment Adviser and its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented
 professionals; 

risk
 associated with possible disruptions in the Fund s operations or the economy generally; 

the
 timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of the companies in which the Fund invests; 

the
 ability of the companies in which the Fund invests to achieve their objectives; 

the
 dependence of the Fund s future success on the general economy and its effect on the
 industries in which the Fund invests; 

the
 use of borrowed money to finance a portion of the Fund s investments; 

the
 adequacy, availability and pricing of the Fund s financing sources and working capital; 

actual
 or potential conflicts of interest with the Investment Adviser and its affiliates; 

contractual
 arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the
 economic downturn, interest rate volatility, loss of key personnel, and the illiquid nature
 of investments; and 

the
 risks, uncertainties and other factors identified under Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 and elsewhere in this Registration Statement. 

Although the Fund believes that the assumptions
on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result,
the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In particular, statements herein about the effects
of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Fund s business, results, financial position and liquidity may constitute forward-looking statements
and are subject to the risk that the actual impact may differ, possibly materially, from what is currently estimated. In addition, new
risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Fund to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can
the Fund assess the impact of all factors on the Fund s business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. In light of these and other uncertainties,
the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this Registration Statement should not be regarded as a representation that
the Fund s plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in the section
entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Registration Statement. You should not place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Registration Statement. Moreover, the Fund assumes no duty and does
not undertake to update the forward-looking statements. 

Introduction 

Wellings Real Estate Income Fund, a Delaware Trust,
operates a commercial real estate Business Development Company (BDC). As used herein, the "Company, we, 
 our, us, or similar formulations include Wellings Real Estate Income Fund and each of its subsidiaries, except
as the context otherwise requires. All references in this report to fiscal 2023 are to the Company s fiscal year
ending March 31, 2023. 

4 

PART I. 

Item 1. Description of Business 

The Fund 

Wellings Real Estate Income Fund (together with
all entities included in its financial statements, the Fund is a Delaware statutory trust structured
as an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company that will elect to be treated as a BDC under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), in connection with this offering. In addition, for tax purposes, the Fund
intends to elect to be taxed as a partnership under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 

The Fund is externally managed by its investment
adviser, Wellings Capital Management, LLC Wellings or the Investment Adviser ), a registered investment adviser
under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act prior to the Fund filing an election to be treated
as a BDC under the 1940 Act and has approximately 110 million in assets under management as of March 31, 2023. Each of Paul Moore and
Benjamin Kahle, the Fund s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer, respectively, are the controlling shareholders of
the Investment Adviser. The Fund has entered into an agreement (the Administration Agreement with UMB Fund Services
Inc. (the Administrator to provide certain administrative services to the Fund. 

The Fund s primary investment objectives
are to: 

preserve Shareholders capital; 

make regular distributions to Shareholders from its investments;
and 

realize income and appreciation from its investments. 

The Fund intends to achieve its investment objectives
by investing at least 80 of the Fund s net assets (plus the amount of borrowings for investment purposes) in a portfolio of real
estate and real estate-related investments, which will consist of the following primary asset classes: acquiring limited partnership (LP)
or limited liability company (LLC) equity securities issued by entities that invest in manufactured housing communities MHCs ),
self-storage facilities, industrial real estate, recreational vehicle parks, and/or multifamily residences, as well as any other commercial
real estate assets throughout the United States, indirectly through the Fund s ownership in entities that own such real estate interests
and that qualify as eligible portfolio companies under the 1940 Act (the Targeted Assets ). The Fund s 80 real
estate investment policy may only be changed with 60 days prior notice to Shareholders of the Fund. However, no assurance
can be given that the Fund s investment objectives will be achieved, and investment results may vary substantially on a monthly,
quarterly, annual, and other periodic basis. The Fund may also invest in other strategies and opportunities from time to time that the
Investment Adviser views as attractive as outlined in this Item 1. 

As a BDC,
at least 70 of the Fund s assets must be qualifying assets, which principally include investments in eligible portfolio
companies as defined in the 1940 Act. An eligible portfolio company is any issuer which is (i) organized under the laws of, and has its
principal place of business in, the United States; (ii) is not an investment company or a company that would be an investment company
but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and (iii) satisfies any of the following: (a) does not have any class of securities that
is traded on a national securities exchange, (b) has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate
market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million, (c) is controlled by a BDC, either alone or
as part of a group acting together, and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the company or (d) is a small and solvent
company having total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not more than 2 million. In addition, a BDC is permitted
to invest up to 30 of its total assets opportunistically in non-qualifying assets, such as investments in non-U.S. companies
and CLOs. Non-qualifying assets are not part of the Fund s business plan. See Regulation below. 

The Investment Adviser 

Wellings Capital Management, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, serves as the Fund s investment adviser and is a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act. Subject
to the supervision of the Fund s Board of Trustees (the Board ), a majority of which is made up of trustees that are
not interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act Independent Directors ), the Fund s
Investment Adviser manages the Fund s day-to-day operations and provides the Fund with investment advisory and management services
and certain administrative services. Trustees who are interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act
are referred to herein as Interested Trustees. Each of Paul Moore and Benjamin Kahle, the Fund s Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Operating Officer, respectively, are the controlling shareholders of the Investment Adviser. 

5 

The Investment Adviser s investment team
(the Investment Team is responsible for identifying investment opportunities, conducting research and due diligence on
prospective investments, structuring the Fund s investments and monitoring and servicing the Fund s investments. As of March
31, 2023, the Investment Team was comprised of four investment professionals, all of whom dedicate a substantial portion of their time
to the Fund. These individuals may have additional responsibilities other than those relating to the Fund, but generally allocate a substantial
portion of their time in support of the Fund s business and the Fund s investment objectives as a whole. In addition, the
Investment Adviser believes that it has excellent support personnel, including expertise in risk management, legal, accounting, tax, information
technology and compliance, among others. The Fund expects to benefit from the support provided by these personnel in the Fund s
operations. The Investment Team employs a blend of top-down and bottom-up analysis. The senior members of the Investment Team have been
actively involved in making investments in the Targeted Assets for an average of 14 years and have built strong relationships with the
personnel of the management teams of the Targeted Assets as well as various services providers to such Targeted Assets, including banks,
financial institutions, law firms, and accounting and consulting firms. 

The Investment Adviser has an investment committee
(the Investment Committee comprised of three members that is responsible for approving all of the Fund s investments.
The extensive experience of the investment professionals serving on the Fund s Investment Committee includes expertise in making
and structuring investments in the Targeted Assets. The Fund s Investment Committee employs a due diligence process that assesses
a prospective investment s financial projections, management teams, and relative value, and by modeling various return scenarios
and other factors. The Investment Committee requires a majority approval, including by the Fund s Chief Operating Officer, for all
investment decisions taken, including the origination or purchase of new investments, by the Investment Adviser on the Fund s behalf. 

Market Opportunity 

The Investment Team is responsible for identifying
investment opportunities, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments, and monitoring the Fund s investments.
The Investment Team believes that existing market conditions have combined to create an attractive investment environment for the Fund. 

The Fund believes private commercial real estate has compelling demographic,
financial and operational drivers that provide favorable investment opportunities for investors. This Fund focuses on investing in manufactured
housing communities, self-storage facilities, RV parks, multifamily, and light industrial properties managed by tenured operators. See
below for market opportunity information for each of these asset classes. 

Manufactured Housing Communities 

The Adviser believes there is a substantial need for affordable
housing in the United States. In the Federal Reserve s Report on the Economic Well-Being of U.S. Households in 2022-May
2022, it was reported that approximately 30 of adults had a family annual income below 25,000 in 2022, and 45 had less than
 50,000. Based on this data, the Adviser believes that many individuals at such income levels are not able to afford the upfront and
ongoing costs associated with single family homes or even apartments. 1 

A 2023 survey from GoBankingRates found that 36 of Americans
have saved 10,000 or less for retirement, while 14 have not saved anything for retirement. Further, nearly 19 of millennials, or those
individuals between the ages of 18-34, have not saved anything for retirement. The study found that the top reason for the low savings
rates was a lack of sufficient income to save for retirement while also meeting day-to-day living expenses. 2 

In a July 2022 report, the non-profit Urban Institute
stated that manufactured housing is the least expensive type of housing and questioned whether current supply was sufficient to meet
the expected demand. The average cost per square foot for a manufactured home is 72, according to the report, compared with 144 for a new site-built home. 3
 The Adviser believes that this cost differential makes manufactured homes a source of affordable housing for those lower
income Americans who cannot afford the initial and ongoing costs of home ownership. 

MHC ownership is highly fragmented according to Frank Rolfe,
an industry leader who owns over 200 parks in 25 states. He estimates that about 85 of the United States approximately 43,000
mobile home parks are owned by local operators, not by institutional asset managers. 4
 The Adviser believes that the managers and operators of the entities constituting the Targeted Assets can therefore acquire
these parks at compelling prices and significantly upgrade operations. This can lead to higher income and higher cash flow, which ultimately
leads to higher asset values and investor profits. The Adviser believes that managers and operators of the entities constituting the
Targeted Assets can therefore sell a stabilized portfolio to an institutional buyer at a premium. 

1 https://www.federalreserve.gov/publications/files/2022-report-economic-well-being-us-households-202305.pdf 

2 https://www.gobankingrates.com/retirement/planning/most-americans-have-less-than-50k-in-retirement-savings-survey/ 

3 https://www.urban.org/sites/default/files/2022-07/The 20Role 20of 20Manufactured 20Housing 20in 20Increasing 20the 20Supply 20of 20Affordable 20Housing.pdf 

4 https://www.apartmentlist.com/research/mobile-homes-affordability-crisis 

6 

In December of 2016, the Federal Housing Finance Agency issued
a duty to serve under-served markets rule to Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae, which requires the agencies to try to address
affordable housing, including manufactured housing. They will purchase around 30,000 manufactured housing mortgage loans from January
2017-December 2019. 5 

According to MH Quick Facts, Apartment Guides, and Bankrate.com,
a manufactured home provides approximately 40 more space at approximately 60 less cost per square foot compared to apartments or single-family
homes. 

Mobile home parks with tenant owned homes also have a low
cost for maintenance, as well as the lowest and perhaps most predictable capital expense requirements. Owning an MHC is essentially owning
the underlying land and infrastructure. This means limited requirements for contractors, and a typically limited scope of work when one
is required. 6 

In parks where the homes are owned by tenants, park owners
are joint stakeholders with their tenants. In many scenarios, the park owners own and lease the land and infrastructure to tenants. The
tenants own the homes, and as a result, they are usually incentivized to maintain the homes. 

Self-Storage 

The Adviser believes that self-storage plays a vital role
as movers leverage storage facilities during relocation, which has accelerated throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. 7 

More than 30,000 owners operate roughly 55,000 self-storage facilities nationwide, according to
 statistics from the Self Storage Association, a trade group. It is estimated that approximately two thirds are currently owned by
 small local operators, providing an opportunity for the managers and operators of the Targeted Assets to acquire the properties upon
 compelling terms. 

In 2008, the NAREIT All Equity Index lost almost 40 ; however,
self-storage sector REITs returned 5 including dividends. 8 

During recessions or economic downturns, the Adviser believes
that many homeowners are forced to sell their homes and downsize to apartments. Similarly, the Adviser believes that existing apartment-dwellers
tend to downsize to smaller apartments (or to mobile homes). In such a circumstance, the Adviser believes many former homeowners would
rather storage any excess belongings rather than sell or give them away, making self-storage an attractive investment opportunity even
during poor economic conditions. 

The operator can increase or decrease street rates instantaneously
based upon supply and demand and all storage leases are month-to-month. 

The operator of the self-storage facility holds the customer s
assets as collateral. If tenants fail to maintain rental payments, the operator auctions their belongings and still receives money at
the end. 

Even when rent increases, the Adviser believes many tenants
would prefer to keep their belongings at an existing self-storage facility. For example, paying an extra 5-25 per month for the rent
increase is typically more preferrable than spending a Saturday morning moving possessions from one storage facility to another. 

RV Parks 

The RV park industry is highly fragmented. Of the approximately
8,000 privately-owned North American RV parks, 94 are owned by operators with less than five properties. Professional operators can
typically acquire these parks at well below replacement cost. 

5 https://www.curbed.com/2018/3/2/17058882/mobile-manufactured-homes-affordable-housing-crisis 

6 https://www.benzinga.com/real-estate/22/04/26791021/investors-set-sights-on-mobile-home-parks-as-demand-for-affordable-housing-surges 

7 https://www.pewtrusts.org/en/research-and-analysis/blogs/stateline/2022/03/23/the-pandemic-prompted-people-to-move-but-many-didnt-go-far 

8 https://www.investmentnews.com/reit-returns-fell-37-3-in-2008-19418 

7 

RV parks have historically performed well through economic
declines, and experienced continued revenue growth through the Great Recession (Dec 2007 - June 2009) and the COVID-19 pandemic. 

According to Ipsos, a multinational market research and consulting
firm, RV ownership in the United States is at record levels with over 11.2 million households owning an RV at the end of 2022. In addition, RV ownership
in the United States has risen 62 since 2001. 9 

The Adviser believes that RV parks are the ultimate value
for a quality, affordable vacation experience. People desire affordable vacations during recessionary times. 

The Adviser believes that professionally operated resort
RV parks have significant value-add and ancillary income opportunities. These can include resort and reservation fees, merchandise sales,
golf cart rentals, food service, dynamic pricing, pet amenities, cabin rentals, patio sites, water parks, and much more. 

Light Industrial 

The Adviser believes that the rise in e-commerce is driving
light industrial demand: For every 1 billion increase in online sales, 1.25 million in square feet of industrial properties is needed.
Online spending in the United States surpassed 1 trillion for the first time in 2022 and continues to grow. 10 

Institutional investment is less than 2 of light industrial
total market value, providing a unique opportunity in an underpenetrated segment which offers higher investment yields than larger industrial
properties. 11 

The Adviser believes that many under-capitalized, non-institutional
owners (local operators) in this sector create an opportunity for enhancing value with capital improvements. 

Recent advancement in robotics, autonomous vehicles, smart
sensors, and other developments naturally generate incremental demand for light industrial space to design and test new technology. Significant
growth of life science and technology companies creates additional demand for available industrial space to accommodate the growing need
for R D and the onshoring of biomanufacturing. 

Multifamily 

Freddie Mac has reported that residential delinquency rates
were just below 2 . At the same time, multifamily delinquencies sat at a mere 0.03 to 0.05 . So the multifamily delinquency rate at its
peak was 90 lower than the residential rate in the worst downturn since the Great Depression. 12 

The Adviser believes that the majority of new apartment housing
developments being constructed are outside of the affordability range for the local workforce. 13 

Multifamily housing has gained a comparative edge in tenant
demand. Regardless of the state of the economy, all individuals need residences. Homeownership has dropped to 1970s and 1980s levels
in the United States, the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis has reported. Downsizing baby boomers are losing interest in owning, many
millennials delayed or abandoned home buying plans, and Generation Z, now coming of age and the largest cohort to ever live, is entering
the housing market with rentals first. 14 

9 https://www.gorving.com/newsroom/rv-industry-association-manufacturing-statistics#:~:text=RV 20ownership 20is 20at 20a,RV 2Downing 20households 20in 202011 

10 https://chainstoreage.com/us-online-retail-spending-passes-1-trillion-first-time#:~:text=The 20top 20digital 20spending 20categories,apparel 20 26 20accessories 20(37 25). 

11 
 https://static1.squarespace.com/static/57a1250a9de4bb8f9adff023/t/5b84504a4d7a9c53057be1e6/1535397970022/The+Case+for+Small+Bay+Warehouse.pdf 

12 https://www.corelogic.com/intelligence/serious-delinquency-rate-for-all-mortgage-loan-types-down-from-last-year;
https://usreop.com/mba-chart-of-the-week-seriously-delinquent-rate-by-loan-type-for-q4-2020/; and https://www.globest.com/2019/06/28/as-talk-about-gses-overhaul-swirls-multifamily-makes-a-good-case 

13 https://www.americanprogress.org/article/expanding-supply-affordable-housing-low-wage-workers/ 

14 https://econreview.berkeley.edu/baby-boomers-and-the-future-of-homeownership-in-the-united-states/ 

8 

Multifamily housing developers have given families fewer
reasons to consider a purchasing a condominium. The quality of apartment construction has risen. New buildings are made more sustainably,
with a focus on green space and entertainment options. Designs cater to modern lifestyles, combining technology with a service orientation
geared to the customer experience. As a result, apartments now satisfy many of the needs that once drove condominium demand. 15 

The Adviser believes that demand is also strong for older
Class B and Class C multifamily housing (each as defined in the Investment Objective section below). Owners often seek private
equity real estate partners to provide capital for value-add renovations that will justify higher rents. These buildings can be efficiently
managed without major renovations, making them profitable investments. 

Societal changes such as a shorter duration of employment
at any one job have played a key role in the desire of Americans to rent in order to preserve geographic flexibility. 

Another societal factor is that average life expectancy is
going up and the Adviser believes they are preferring to avoid the burdens of homeownership in their later years. Baby boomers accounted
for over half of the growth in multifamily renters. 16 

The Fund s investment strategy is to leverage
the Investment Adviser s national network of relationships with the management teams of the Targeted Assets with a demonstrated
track record of completing projects of an appropriate size, scale, type and/or scope; partner with those management teams to invest in
the Targeted Assets, syndications, and/or individual assets; and partner with those management teams to acquire the equity securities
of the Targeted Assets. The Fund may invest in each Targeted Asset in a joint venture structure as well. 

Targeted Assets 

The Targeted Assets consist of equity securities
issued by entities that invest in MHCs, self-storage facilities, industrial real estate, recreational vehicle parks, and/or multifamily
residences, as well as any other commercial real estate assets throughout the United States, indirectly through the Fund s ownership
in entities that own such real estate interests and that qualify as eligible portfolio companies under the 1940 Act. 

MHCs 

MHCs also called mobile home parks are
clusters of manufactured homes located on a single parcel. They range in size from fewer than 10 homes to hundreds. Manufactured homes
comprise the largest share of unsubsidized affordable home ownership in the U.S., and communities occur in both rural and urban areas.
Like community land trust homeowners, manufactured homeowners own their houses and rent their land. There are around 40,000 manufactured
housing communities in the United States with about 4.2 million home sites. In these communities, residents typically rent the land where
the home resides. Some communities also have homes for rent. Typically included in land-lease rental payments are fees for professional
property management services that usually include the care, maintenance and upkeep of parking lots, storage rooms, laundry rooms, pools,
playgrounds and community centers, as well as landscaping of commons areas. Manufactured housing provides a competitive alternative to
other forms of affordable housing, whether new or existing, or located in urban, suburban or rural areas. 

The Targeted Assets that are MHCs will consist
of equity securities issued by special-purpose entities that own MHCs and that qualify as eligible portfolio companies under the 1940
Act. Such special-purpose entities will likely be structured as limited liability companies or limited partnerships. 

15 https://realtyexchangeweb.com/blog-articles/10-reasons-for-multifamily-investments-in-2021 

16 https://www.bisnow.com/national/news/multifamily/baby-boomers-are-driving-rental-demand-58325?rt=12858 

9 

Self-Storage Facilities 

Self-storage refers to properties
that offer month-to-month storage unit rental for personal or business use. Self-storage offers a cost-effective and flexible storage
alternative. Customers rent fully enclosed spaces that can vary in size according to their specific needs. Customers are responsible
for moving their items into and out of their units. Self-storage unit sizes typically range from five feet by five feet to 10 feet by
40 feet. 

The self-storage industry benefits from demand
drivers that occur during both expansionary and recessionary economic environments. The six key demand drivers of self-storage are: (1)
population growth; (2) percentage of renter-occupied housing units; (3) average household size; (4) average household income; (5) supply
constraints; and (6) economic growth. Customers choose a self-storage property based largely on the convenience of the site to their home
or business. Therefore, high-density, high-traffic population centers are ideal locations for a self-storage property. A property s
perceived security and the general professionalism of the site managers and staff are also contributing factors to a site s ability
to secure rentals. Although most self-storage properties are leased to customers on a month-to-month basis, customers tend to continue
their leases for extended periods of time. However, there are seasonal fluctuations in occupancy rates for self-storage properties. Generally,
there is increased leasing activity at self-storage properties during the late spring and early summer months due to the higher number
of people who relocate during this period. 

The Targeted Assets that are self-storage facilities
will consist of equity securities issued by entities that invest in self-storage facilities and that qualify as eligible portfolio companies
under the 1940 Act. 

Industrial Real Estate 

The Investment Adviser considers industrial real
estate to be properties used to develop, manufacture, or produce goods and products, as well as logistics real estate that supports the
movement and storage of products and goods. Industrial real estate covers a broad group of property types, including: 

Flex/office space used to research and design new products. 

Light manufacturing facilities that make a variety of products
for retail consumers and businesses. 

Food manufacturing facilities that make and process foods
and beverages for restaurants and grocery stores. 

Temperature-controlled (e.g., cold-storage) facilities used
to store and distribute food and beverage products to restaurants and grocery stores. 

Warehouses, fulfillment centers, sortation centers, and last-mile
delivery stations vital for distributing goods to retail stores and businesses, as well as for supporting the operations of e-commerce
companies. 

Meanwhile, as with other real estate property
types, there are three classes of industrial buildings: 

Class A : These properties boast having the best amenities
and are the youngest, in the best condition, in prime locations, and attract high-quality tenants. Examples of Class A industrial real
estate include a modern logistics facility near an interstate supporting an e-commerce giant or a state-of-the-art food manufacturing
facility. 

Class B : These properties are usually older or require
some amount of renovation or refurbishment, lack the amenities of other properties, are in secondary and tertiary real estate markets,
or are leased to lower-quality tenants. 

Class C : These properties have the lowest rating on
those factors, so they are candidates for either renovation to bring them up to A or B quality or redevelopment to another property type
such as residential real estate or a self-storage facility. 

Industrial real estate lease terms tend to vary
by property type and quality. For example, purpose-built, state-of-the-art industrial manufacturing facilities usually result in triple
net lease agreement with tenants, with initial terms extending as much as 25 years. Meanwhile, lease terms on logistics properties range
from three to 10 years, depending on location, property type, and tenant. 

The Targeted Assets that are industrial real estate
will consist of equity securities issued by entities that invest in industrial real estate and that qualify as eligible portfolio companies
under the 1940 Act. 

10 

Recreational Vehicle Parks 

The Investment Adviser considers recreational
vehicle parks to include provision of campgrounds, trailer parks, recreational camps and fishing and hunting camps for short stay visitors,
provision of space and facilities for recreational vehicles. Companies in this industry operate facilities to accommodate campers using
tents, travel trailers, and recreational vehicles and provide overnight or short-term sites for recreational vehicles, trailers, campers,
or tents. Some examples of recreational vehicle parks include: 

Campgrounds 

Campsites for transients 

Recreational vehicle parks 

Trailer parks for transients 

The Targeted Assets that are recreational vehicle
parks will consist of equity securities issued by entities that invest in recreational vehicle parks and that qualify as eligible portfolio
companies under the 1940 Act. 

Multifamily Residences 

The Investment Adviser considers multifamily residences
to include multifamily and apartment communities, age-restricted communities, as well as other similar properties. These properties are
expected to include conventional multifamily assets, such as mid-rise, high-rise and garden-style properties, and also to include student
housing and age-restricted properties (typically requiring residents to be 55 or older). Targeted communities include existing core 
properties that are already well positioned and producing rental income, as well as more opportunistic properties in various phases of
development, redevelopment or in need of repositioning. 

Successful multifamily real estate investment
requires the implementation of strategies that permit favorable purchases, effective asset and property management for enhanced current
returns and maintenance of higher relative property values, and timely disposition for attractive capital appreciation. 

As with other real estate property types, there
are three classes of multifamily residences: 

Class A : These properties boast having the best amenities
and are the youngest, in the best condition, in prime locations, and attract high net worth or high earning tenants. 

Class B : These properties are usually older or require
some amount of renovation or refurbishment, lack the amenities of other properties, or are in secondary and tertiary real estate markets. 

Class C : These properties have the lowest rating on
those factors, so they are candidates for either renovation to bring them up to A or B quality or redevelopment to another property type. 

Multifamily and Apartment Communities .
Multifamily residences include conventional multifamily and apartment communities, such as mid-rise, high-rise and garden-style properties.
Location, condition, design and amenities are key characteristics for apartment communities. 

Age-Restricted Communities .
Multifamily residences also include age-restricted communities. The Fair Housing Act of 1968 FHA was enacted to
prohibit discrimination in the sale, rental and financing of dwellings based on race, color, religion, sex or national origin. In
1988, the FHA was amended to prohibit discrimination based on familial status, which is commonly referred to as age-based
discrimination. However, there are exceptions for housing developments that qualify as housing for older persons. In 1995, Congress
enacted The Housing for Older Persons Act HOPA ), which set forth the legal requirements for such excepted housing
developments. Based on HOPA, there are two types of permissible age-restricted housing communities. The first requires all residents
to be 62 years of age or older and the second requires at least 80 of the occupied units to be occupied by at least one person who
is 55 years of age or older. 

Age-restricted communities are designed to attract
retired or soon-to-be-retired baby boomers and provide them with active lifestyle opportunities. Generally, these types of age-restricted
communities offer easy access to amenities such as golf courses, performance theaters, fitness centers, swimming pools, tennis courts,
gaming rooms, internet caf s, club houses, walking and jogging trails, water fronts, concierge services, meal services, housekeeping
services, valet parking and security guards. Certain age-restricted communities will also take into account additional amenities such
as close proximity to retail stores, restaurants, nature parks and public transportation when seeking to invest in an age-restricted community. 

11 

Other Properties . Multifamily residences
also include multifamily properties with relatively low rental or occupancy rates in need of repositioning in the market. Entities that
invest in multifamily residences expect to reposition any properties acquired for this purpose by attempting to improve the property,
rental rates and occupancy rates and thereby increase the lease revenues and overall property value. 

The Targeted Assets that are multifamily residences
will consist of equity securities issued by entities that invest in multifamily residences and that qualify as eligible portfolio companies
under the 1940 Act. 

Investment Approach 

The Advisor s investment process is critical
to achieving the Fund s investment objectives. Investment opportunities will be preliminarily screened, fully underwritten, thoroughly
reviewed, documented and approved in the process outlined below. Senior management of the Fund will lead the process while the Investment
Adviser s team members will be involved and provide feedback throughout each step. 

The Investment Adviser s goal is to provide
investors with exposure to a balanced portfolio of recession-resistant real estate assets through its investments in the Targeted Assets.
The Investment Adviser expects these Targeted Assets will cover a wide variety of real estate instruments across asset type, operator,
geography, strategy, time, and property within the classes of underlying assets noted above. 

The investment process begins by identifying commercial
real estate asset classes that are resilient to changes in the economy (recession-resistant). Secondly, the Investment Adviser seeks asset
classes that are operated by a majority of unsophisticated local owners, who lack the capital and sophistication to enhance the operations
of their facility, which would increase income and value. Because of generally favorable market conditions for private commercial real
estate over the past decade, these owners have already achieved significant value enhancement, often despite poor operational expertise.
These assets often have significant intrinsic value that can be extracted by professional operations, marketing, and technology, which
the Investment Adviser believes the managers and operators of the Targeted Assets will be able to provide. 

Due Diligence Process 

The steps involved in the Fund s due diligence
process include the following: 

Ensuring direct experience by the managers and operators
of the Targeted Assets in managing the underlying properties held by the Targeted Asset; 

Obtaining prior track record and performance through all
stages of the economic cycle; 

Reviewing the offering documents of the Targeted Assets,
in conjunction with outside legal counsel and tax advisers, for salient terms such as the distribution allocations, capital calls, fees
charged, and voting rights, as well as leverage policies and ensuring a meaningful capital contribution by the principals of the managers
and operators of the Targeted Assets; 

Engaging in discussions with the operators and managers of
the Targeted Assets to determine their due diligence and acquisition process and considerations, along with reviewing the projections
and pro forma information provided; 

Reviewing the proposed exit strategy or liquidity event of
the Targeted Asset; 

Conducting a comprehensive review on the principals and management
of the managers and operators of the Targeted Assets, and an on-site inspection of the underlying properties held by the Targeted Asset;
and 

Engaging in extensive negotiations with the managers and
operators of the Targeted Assets to ensure the Fund obtains the most favorable terms for its investment in the Targeted Asset. 

12 

Managerial Assistance 

As a BDC, the Fund must offer, and must provide
upon request, significant managerial assistance to certain of its eligible portfolio companies. This assistance could involve, among other
things, monitoring the operations of the portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising
officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. The Investment Adviser will provide such managerial
assistance on the Fund s behalf to portfolio companies that request such assistance. The Fund may receive fees for these services
and will reimburse the Investment Adviser for its allocated costs in providing such assistance. 

Competition 

The Fund s primary competitors include public
and private funds, and other pooled investment vehicles such as real estate investment trusts REITs ). Many of the Fund s
competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than the Fund. In addition,
some of the Fund s competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider
a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than the Fund. Furthermore, many of the Fund s competitors are not
subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on the Fund as a BDC. 

The Fund expects to use the expertise of the investment
professionals of the Investment Adviser to which the Fund will have access to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing
for the Fund s investments in portfolio companies. For additional information concerning the competitive risks the Fund faces, see
 Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

Capital Resources and Borrowings 

The Fund is permitted, under specified conditions,
to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to its Shares if the Fund s asset coverage, as defined in
the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding,
the Fund must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to the Shareholders unless the Fund meets the applicable asset coverage ratios
at the time of the distribution. The Fund may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of the Fund s total assets for temporary
or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. 

Administration 

The Fund does not currently have any employees.
Each officer of the Fund will also be an employee of the Investment Adviser or its affiliates. See Item 5. Directors and Executive
Officers. 

The Fund s day-to-day investment operations
will be managed by the Investment Adviser. The Investment Adviser may hire additional investment professionals to provide services to
the Fund, based upon its needs. See above Item 1. Business The Investment Adviser . 

The Administrator will serve as the Fund s
administrator. The principal executive offices of the Administrator are located at 235 W Galena St, Milwaukee, WI 53212. 

The Administrator may also enter into one or more
agreements with third parties for them to provide certain administrative services to the Fund. 

Investment Advisory Agreement 

Pursuant to the investment advisory agreement,
(the Investment Advisory Agreement the Fund has agreed to pay the Investment Adviser a fee for investment advisory and
management services consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management
fee and the incentive fee will ultimately be borne by the Shareholders. 

13 

Base Management Fee 

The base management fee will be payable monthly
in arrears and calculated at a maximum annual rate of 1.25 based on the capital invested in Targeted Assets. 

Incentive Fee 

The Incentive Fee will consist of an income-based
component and a capital gains component. 

The portion of the incentive fee based on income
is determined and paid quarterly in arrears commencing with the first calendar quarter following the Fund s election to be regulated
as a BDC, and equals 20 of the pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of a 2.5 quarterly (or 10 annually) hurdle
rate on Adjusted Capital. There are no catch-up provisions applicable to income based incentive fees under the Advisory Agreement. 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income means
income distributions from underlying Fund investments, interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees,
such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial and consulting fees or other fees the Fund receives from portfolio
companies) that the Fund accrues, minus the Fund s operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses
payable under the administration agreement the Fund has entered into with the Administrator, and any interest expense and dividends paid
on any issued and outstanding indebtedness or preferred stock, respectively, but excluding, for avoidance of doubt, the income-based incentive
fee accrued under GAAP). Pre-incentive fee net investment income also includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature
(such as original issue discount, debt instruments with pay in kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that the Fund
has not yet received in cash. For the avoidance of doubt, pre-incentive fee net investment income shall exclude: (x) the
cash proceeds of capital events including, without limitation, refinancings and asset sales, and (y) any cash reinvested into the Fund
by the Investment Adviser in its sole and absolute discretion. 

Adjusted Capital means cumulative
gross proceeds generated from issuances of Shares of the Fund reduced by return of capital distributions paid to Shareholders. 

The portion of the incentive fee based on capital-gains
is payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears, equals 20 of cumulative realized capital gains from the date of the Fund s
election to be regulated as a BDC to the end of each calendar year, less cumulative net realized capital losses and unrealized capital
depreciation. The Fund will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation. The incentive
fee amount, or the calculations pertaining thereto, as appropriate, will be pro-rated for any period less than a full calendar quarter. 

In determining the capital gains incentive fee
payable to the Investment Adviser, the Fund will calculate the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains and cumulative aggregate realized
capital losses since the Fund s inception, and the aggregate unrealized capital depreciation as of the date of the calculation,
as applicable, with respect to each of the investments in the Fund s portfolio. For this purpose, cumulative aggregate realized
capital gains, if any, equals the sum of the differences between the net sales price of each investment, when sold, and the original cost
of such investment since the Fund s inception. Cumulative aggregate realized capital losses equals the sum of the amounts by which
the net sales price of each investment, when sold, is less than the original cost of such investment since the Fund s inception.
Aggregate unrealized capital depreciation equals the sum of the difference, if negative, between the valuation of each investment as of
the applicable calculation date and the original cost of such investment. At the end of the applicable year, the amount of capital gains
that serves as the basis for the Fund s calculation of the capital gains incentive fee equals the cumulative aggregate realized
capital gains less cumulative aggregate realized capital losses, less aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, with respect to the Fund s
portfolio of investments. 

The Incentive Fee amount, or the calculations
pertaining thereto, as appropriate, will be pro-rated for any period less than a full calendar quarter or year. 

14 

Other Expenses Fund Administration and Transfer Agency Fees Legal and Audit Fees 1.30 Other Operating and Administrative Expenses 1.10 Total Annual Expenses 

Example 1 
 1 Year 
 3 Years 
 5 Years 
 10 Years 
 
 You would pay the following expenses on a 1,000 investment, assuming pre-incentive fee net investment income of 5 and a 0 capital gain, assuming reinvestment of distributions. 
 43 
 134 
 235 
 536 

Example 2 

You would pay the following expenses on a 1,000 investment, assuming 0 pre-incentive fee net investment income and 5 capital gain, assuming reinvestment of distributions. 
 53 
 166 
 290 
 656 

Administration Agreement 

The Administration Agreement provides that the
Administrator will furnish the Fund with clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services. Under the Administration
Agreement, the Administrator will perform, or oversee the performance of, the Fund s required administrative services, which will
include being responsible for the financial and other records that the Fund is required to maintain and preparing reports to the Shareholders
and reports and other materials filed with the SEC. In addition, the Administrator will assist the Fund in determining and publishing
the Fund s net asset value, oversee the preparation and filing of the Fund s tax returns and the printing and dissemination
of reports and other materials to the Shareholders, and generally oversee the payment of the Fund s expenses and the performance
of administrative and professional services rendered to the Fund by others. 

Under the Administration Agreement, the Fund will
reimburse the Administrator based upon its allocable portion (subject to the review and approval of the Board) of the Administrator s
overhead (including rent) in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated
with performing compliance functions and the Fund s allocable portion of the cost of its Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance
Officer, and any of their respective staff who provide services to the Fund, operations staff who provide services to the Fund, and internal
audit staff, if any, to the extent internal audit performs a role in the Fund s Sarbanes-Oxley internal control assessment. The
Administration Agreement will have an initial term of two years and may be renewed with the approval of the Board. The Administration
Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. To the extent that
the Administrator outsources any of its functions, the Fund will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without
any incremental profit to the Administrator. 

The fees payable under the Administration Agreement
for fund accounting and regulatory administration services consist of a basis point fee based on the amount of assets of the Fund, which
decreases as the Fund s assets increase. The fees payable under the Administration Agreement for tax preparation, compliance, and
reporting consist of a flat basis point fee based on the amount of assets of the Fund. The Fund is also responsible for the payment of
certain out-of-pocket expenses associated with the Administrator s duties under the Administration Agreement. 

Transfer Agency Agreement 

The Transfer Agency Agreement provides that the
Administrator will act as the Fund s transfer agent and dividend disbursing agent, as well as providing other services which include,
without limitation, generating investor statement, performing shareholder record keeping and certain AML functions. 

The Transfer Agreement will have an initial term
of five years and may thereafter be renewed for successive two-year periods. Either party may terminate the Transfer Agency Agreement
by giving the other party not less than ninety (90) days written notice prior to the end of the respective term. 

15 

The Private Offering 

The Fund anticipates conducting one or more private
placements of its Shares, any of which may be a finite offering or a perpetual offering. The Fund will offer the Shares in each such offering
pursuant to confidential private placement memoranda prepared by the Fund (each, a Memorandum ). The initial offering of
Shares pursuant to a Memorandum shall consist of a private placement, in an aggregate amount of up to 50 million from suitable investors
(the Private Offering ). The Investment Adviser reserves the right in its sole discretion to accept additional purchases
of Shares of up to 50 million (for a maximum initial offering of 100 million). 

Sales-Based Compensation 

The Fund will not be paying any selling commissions
or other forms of transaction-based compensation in connection with the offering and sale of the Shares. 

Qualification of Purchasers 

An investment in the Fund s Shares involves
a high degree of risk and is suitable only for prospective investors that have no need for liquidity in their investments. Accordingly,
the Fund intends to limit the Private Offering only to accredited investors, as that term is defined under the Securities
Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Each subscriber must represent that they meet the investor suitability requirements described
herein. A full description of the representations to be made by prospective investors can be found in the subscription agreements the
Fund intends to enter into with investors (each a Subscription Agreement ). Each subscriber also may be required to provide
current financial and other information to the Fund to enable the Fund to determine whether such subscriber is qualified to purchase the
shares in the Private Offering. 

Sale of Shares 

The purchase price for a minimum of 50,000 in
the Fund s Shares will be payable in full in cash upon subscription. Subscriptions will be accepted on a continuous basis. The Fund
has the right, in its sole discretion, to accept or reject any subscription in whole or in part for a period of no more than 30 days after
receipt of the subscription. Any subscription not accepted within 30 days of receipt shall be deemed rejected. Shares will be issued at
twice-monthly closings at a per-share price as determined by the Board (including any committee thereof). The per-share price shall be
at least equal to the net asset value per share, as calculated within 48 hours of share issuance, in accordance with the requirement provided
under Section 23 of the 1940 Act. The Board (including any committee thereof) may set the per-share price above the net asset value
per share based on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, to ensure that investors acquiring shares in the Fund after other
investors have already done so are apportioned their pro rata portion of the Fund s organizational and offering expenses.
The Fund reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to refuse to sell shares to any person, and may terminate the Private Offering and
stop accepting subscriptions at any time and for any reason. 

A prospective investor desiring to acquire the
Shares and become a Shareholder shall complete and sign a Subscription Agreement for the dollar amount of the desired investment, together
with the correct full subscription payment of the Shares so subscribed. 

Offering Terms Subject to Modification 

The Fund reserves the unconditional right to cancel
or modify the Private Offering, to reject subscriptions for Shares in whole or in part, to accept subscriptions for less than the minimum
amount, and to waive conditions to the purchase of Shares. 

Liquidity Event 

In addition, at the discretion of the Board, the
Fund may provide liquidity to investors by one or more Liquidity Events. A Liquidity Event means, at the discretion of the
Board a sale of all or substantially all of the Fund s assets. However, since the Fund expects that many of the operators and managers
of the entities that constitute the Targeted Assets may determine to liquidate the Targeted Assets prior to a contemplated Liquidity Event
of the Fund, no sale of all or substantially all of the Targeted Assets may be necessary to return investors investments. The Fund
will only consider a Liquidity Event if the terms of such Liquidity Event are in the Shareholders best interests. 

16 

Regulation 

The Fund is a BDC under the 1940 Act. As a
BDC, the Fund has been organized in the United States for the purpose of investing in or lending to primarily private companies and making
significant managerial assistance available to them, and has done so through the first year of operations. 

The Fund may not change the nature of its business
so as to cease to be, or withdraw its election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities,
as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser
of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities
of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. The Fund
does not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of its business. 

As with other companies regulated by the 1940
Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of the Fund s trustees must be persons who are
not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. Additionally, the Fund will be required to provide and maintain a bond
issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, as a BDC, the Fund will be prohibited from protecting
any trustee or officer against any liability to the Fund or the Shareholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence
or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 

BDCs are generally required to meet an asset coverage
ratio, defined under the 1940 Act as the ratio of the Fund s total assets (less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented
by senior securities) to the BDC s outstanding senior securities, of at least 150 after each issuance of senior securities. 

The Fund may also be prohibited under the 1940
Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with its affiliates without the prior approval of the trustees who are not interested
persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. As a BDC, the Fund will generally
be limited in its ability to invest in any portfolio company in which the Investment Adviser or any of its affiliates currently has an
investment or to make any co-investments with the Investment Adviser or its affiliates. In certain cases, co-investments are not permitted
unless the Fund has received exemptive relief from the SEC. Currently, the Fund does not intend to submit an application for co-investment
relief from the SEC, however, the Fund may do so in the future. There is no assurance that an application for exemptive relief would be
granted by the SEC. 

The Fund does not intend to acquire securities
issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits, except for registered money market
funds, the Fund generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any investment company, invest more than 5 of the value
of the Fund s total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of its total assets
in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate. The portion of the Fund s portfolio invested in securities issued by
investment companies ordinarily will subject the Shareholders to additional expenses. 

In addition, investment companies registered under
the 1940 Act and private funds that are excluded from the definition of investment company pursuant to either Section 3(c)(1)
or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act may not acquire directly or through a controlled entity more than 3 of the Fund s total outstanding
voting Shares (measured at the time of the acquisition), unless the funds comply with an exemption under the 1940 Act. As a result, certain
of the Fund s investors may hold a smaller position in its Shares than if they were not subject to these restrictions. 

The Fund is generally not be able to issue
and sell its Shares at a price below net asset value per share. The Fund may, however, sell Shares, or warrants, options or rights
to acquire Shares, at a price below the then-current net asset value of its Shares if the Board determines that such sale is in the
Fund s best interests and the best interests of the Shareholders, and the Shareholders approve such sale. In addition, the
Fund may generally issue new Shares at a price below net asset value in rights offerings to existing Shareholders, in payment of
dividends and in certain other limited circumstances. 

The Fund will be periodically examined by the
SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 

17 

Qualifying Assets 

The Fund may invest up to 30 of its portfolio
opportunistically in non-qualifying assets , which will be driven primarily through opportunities sourced through the Investment
Adviser. However, under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940
Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent
at least 70 of the BDC s total assets (the 70 Test ). The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to the
Fund s proposed business are the following: 

1. Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public
offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or
from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any
other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any
issuer which: 

a. is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place
of business in, the United States; 

b. is not an investment company (other than a small business
investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940
Act; and 

c. satisfies any of the following: 

i. does not have any class of securities that is traded on a
national securities exchange; 

ii. has a class of securities listed on a national securities
exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million; 

iii. is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including
a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 

iv. is a small and solvent company having total assets of not
more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million. 

2. Securities of any eligible portfolio company which the Fund controls. 

3. Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or
from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization
or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material
assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

4. Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there
is no ready market for such securities and the Fund already owns 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

5. Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through
(4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

6. Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year
or less from the time of investment. 

18 

If at any time less than 70 of the Fund s
gross assets are comprised of qualifying assets, including as a result of an increase in the value of any non-qualifying assets or decrease
in the value of any qualifying assets, the Fund would generally not be permitted to acquire any additional non-qualifying assets, other
than office furniture and equipment, interests in real estate and leasehold improvements and facilities maintained to conduct the business
operations of the BDC, deferred organization and operating expenses, and other non-investment assets necessary and appropriate to its
operations as a BDC, until such time as 70 of the Fund s then current gross assets were comprised of qualifying assets. The Fund
would not be required, however, to dispose of any non-qualifying assets in such circumstances. 

Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 

A BDC must have been organized under the laws
of, and have its principal place of business in, any state or states within the United States and must be operated for the purpose of
making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying
assets for the purpose of the 70 Test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the
issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where
the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group
may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby
the BDC, through its directors or officers, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning
the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. The Fund may also receive fees for these services.
The Investment Adviser may provide, or arrange for the provision of, such managerial assistance on the Fund s behalf to portfolio
companies that request this assistance, subject to reimbursement of any fees or expenses incurred on the Fund s behalf by the Investment
Adviser in accordance with the Investment Advisory Agreement. 

Temporary Investments 

Until such time as the Fund invests the proceeds
from new subscriptions in portfolio companies and while new investments are pending, the Fund s investments may consist of cash,
cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment temporary investments so that the Fund satisfies the 70 Test. Typically, the Fund will invest in U.S. Treasury bills
or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government
or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as the Fund, of a specified security and the simultaneous
agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount
that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of the Fund s assets that may be
invested in such repurchase agreements. Thus, the Fund does not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty
in excess of this limit. The Investment Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which the Fund enters into
repurchase agreement transactions. 

Code of Ethics 

Prior to acceptance of any subscriptions in this
offering, the Fund and the Investment Adviser will each adopt a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1
under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain transactions by the Fund s
and the Investment Adviser s personnel. The code of ethics generally will not permit investments by the Fund s and the Investment
Adviser s personnel in securities that may be purchased or sold by the Fund. 

Compliance Policies and Procedures 

Prior to acceptance of any subscriptions in this
offering, the Fund and the Investment Adviser will have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to
detect and prevent violation of the federal securities laws and will be required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually
for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation and designate a Chief Compliance Officer to be responsible for administering
the policies and procedures. Adrienne Y. Hart serves as the Fund s Chief Compliance Officer. 

19 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements
will affect the Fund. For example: 

pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, the Fund s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in the Fund s
periodic reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, the Fund s
periodic reports must disclose the Fund s conclusions about the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, the Fund s
management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of the Fund s internal control over financial reporting and (once
the Fund ceases to be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act) must obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting performed by the Fund s independent registered public accounting firm; and 

pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of
the Exchange Act, the Fund s periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in the Fund s internal
controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their
evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires the Fund to review
its current policies and procedures to determine whether it complies with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
The Fund will continue to monitor the Fund s compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will
take actions necessary to ensure that the Fund is in compliance therewith. 

Emerging Growth Company 

The Fund is an emerging growth company as defined
in the JOBS Act and it is eligible to take advantage of certain specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise
generally applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Fund could remain an emerging
growth company until the last day of its fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the consummation of an initial public offering,
if any, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which the Fund has total annual gross revenue of 1,070,000,000
or more, (ii) December 31 of the fiscal year in which the Fund becomes a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2
under the Exchange Act (which would occur if the market value of the Fund s Shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million,
measured as of the last business day of the Fund s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and the Fund has been publicly
reporting for at least 12 months), or (iii) the date on which the Fund has issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during
the preceding three-year period. In addition, as an emerging growth company, the Fund intends to take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 

The Fund will delegate its proxy voting responsibility
to the Investment Adviser. As a fiduciary, the Investment Adviser has a duty to monitor corporate events and to vote proxies, as well
as a duty to cast votes in the best interest of the Fund and not to subrogate Fund interests to its own interests. To meet its fiduciary
obligations, the Investment Adviser seeks to ensure that it votes proxies in the best interest of the Fund, and r will resolve any conflict
of interest that may arise when voting proxies. The Investment Adviser s proxy voting policy attempts to generalize a complex subject
and the Investment Adviser may, from time to time, determine that it is in the best interests of the Fund to depart from specific policies
described therein. The guidelines will be reviewed periodically by the Investment Adviser and the non-interested trustees, and, accordingly,
are subject to change. 

Privacy Principles 

The Fund intends to protect non-public personal
data and will provide a copy of its privacy policy to Shareholders regardless of whether they are natural persons. The Fund s privacy
policy summarized below is intended to be compliant with the federal and state regulations as applied to the Fund. 

20 

From time to time non-public personal information
of the Shareholders may be collected as required for legitimate business purposes. The following are sources of information collected: 

1. Subscription Agreements, investor questionnaires and other
forms, which may include a Shareholder s name, address, social security number and personally identifiable financial information; 

2. account history, including information about a Shareholder s
shares, such as capital contributions, share purchases and sales and distributions from the Fund; 

3. transactions with the Fund, including information the Fund
receives and maintains relating to securities transactions with and through the Fund; and 

4. correspondence, written, telephonic or electronic, between
Shareholders and the Fund, the Investment Adviser, any of the Investment Adviser s affiliates or any of the Fund s service
providers. 

In addition to the sources listed above, the Fund
and the Investment Adviser and its affiliates may also collect this information from their respective internet web sites, if applicable. 

The Fund may share all of the information that
it collects, as described above, with the Investment Adviser and its affiliates in order to service Shareholder accounts or provide Shareholders
with information about other products and services offered by the Fund or the Investment Adviser or its affiliates that may be of interest
to them. 

In addition, the Fund may disclose all of the
information that it collects about Shareholders to certain third parties who are not affiliated with the Fund or the Investment Adviser
or its affiliates under one or more of the following circumstances: 

1. As Authorized if a Shareholder requests or authorizes
disclosure of the information. 

2. As Required by Law for example, to cooperate with
regulators or law enforcement authorities. 

3. As Permitted by Law for example, sharing information
with companies that maintain, process or service Fund or Shareholder accounts or financial products and services or who effect, administer
or enforce Fund or Shareholder transactions is permitted. Among other activities, the Fund and its Investment Adviser and its affiliates
may share information with persons acting in a representative or fiduciary capacity on the Fund s or a Shareholder s behalf.
The Fund believes that sharing of information for these purposes is essential to providing Shareholders with necessary or useful services
with respect to their accounts. 

The Fund and the Investment Adviser and its affiliates
restrict access to non-public personal information about Shareholders internally to those of their respective employees and agents who
need to know the information to enable them to provide services to the Shareholders. The Fund and the Investment Adviser and its affiliates
maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard Shareholder s non-public personal information. 

Reporting Obligations 

The Fund is required to comply with all periodic reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under the
Exchange Act. 

Shareholders and the public may also read and
copy any materials the Fund files with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The
public may also obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at (202) 551-8090. The SEC also maintains
a website www.sec.gov that contains such information. 

21 

Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 

The following discussion is a summary of certain
U.S. federal income tax considerations of an investment in the Fund. It does not discuss all the potential tax considerations relevant
to the Fund or its operations. 

The following discussion is based upon the Code,
U.S. Treasury Department regulations promulgated thereunder (the Regulations and U.S. Internal Revenue Service IRS and judicial interpretations thereof, as of the date hereof, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. No
tax rulings have been requested from IRS or other taxing authorities with respect to any of the tax matters discussed herein. Accordingly,
there can be no assurance that any tax position described herein will not be successfully challenged by the IRS. 

In addition, the following discussion does not
purport to address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be applicable to any particular Shareholder or to certain
Shareholders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws, such as insurance companies, banks or other financial institutions,
regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, S corporations, Shareholders that are subject to the alternative minimum
tax, dealers in securities (or other Shareholders that do not own their Shares as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of
the Code or that have elected mark-to-market treatment), U.S. Shareholders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, and Shareholders
that hold Shares as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion or other integrated transaction. 

The discussion below generally describes the tax
consequences to investors of certain likely investments assuming that they are held by the Fund directly or through subsidiaries that
are transparent, i.e., disregarded or treated as partnerships, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including entities that engage in
investment activities in securities or other assets that are primarily controlled by the Fund. The Fund will comply with the provisions
of the 1940 Act governing investment policies, capital structure, and leverage on an aggregate basis with such subsidiary. Any investment
adviser to such subsidiary will comply with the provisions of the 1940 Act relating to investment advisory contract approval as if it
were an investment adviser to an investment company under the 1940 Act. Each subsidiary will also comply with the provisions relating
to affiliated transactions and custody requirements. Each subsidiary will be subject to the same principal investment strategies and principal
risks of the Fund. 

The Fund, however, is likely to hold at least
some investments through subsidiaries that are not transparent for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Fund may choose (but is not required)
to hold investments through a non-transparent subsidiary in order to address 1940 Act issues, prevent Shareholders from having to file
state tax returns in a state in which the Fund otherwise might have a taxable presence, block unrelated business taxable income 
for tax-exempt Shareholders, avoid causing the Fund or Shareholders to have tax filing and payment obligations in jurisdictions outside
the United States, or for other reasons. Some non-transparent subsidiaries, e.g., U.S. corporate subsidiaries, may involve subsidiary-level
tax leakage, while others, e.g., a REIT, formed to hold mortgage loans, may involve certain increased costs but not tax leakage and, under
current law, tax benefits for certain Shareholders. The use of non-transparent subsidiaries may also affect whether the Fund is engaged
in business with respect to particular investments, which can affect taxation of Shareholders as described below. The Investment Adviser,
in its sole discretion, will determine whether to hold particular investments through non-transparent subsidiaries. 

Finally, this discussion generally does not address
any U.S. state and local tax issues or non-income tax issues and generally does not discuss non-U.S. tax issues. 

Each
prospective investor is urged to consult its own tax advisor concerning the potential U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S. income
and other tax consequences of an investment in the Fund. 

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences In General 

It is intended that the Fund will be treated as
a partnership and not as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under applicable Regulations, a
U.S. non-corporate entity such as the Fund is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless it elects to be
classified as an association taxable as a corporation. The Fund has not elected, and does not intend to elect, to be classified as an
association taxable as a corporation. 

An entity that is otherwise classified as a partnership
may be taxed as a corporation if it is a publicly traded partnership PTP as defined in Section 7704 of the
Code. A PTP is a partnership the interests in which are traded on an established securities market or are readily tradable on a secondary
market or the substantial equivalent thereof. Shares will not be traded on an established securities market. Under applicable Regulations,
a partnership s redemption plan may be treated as the substantial equivalent of a secondary market in certain circumstances. Treasury
Regulations concerning the classification of partnerships as PTPs provide certain safe harbors under which interests in a partnership
will not be considered readily tradable on a secondary market (or the substantial equivalent hereof). There are no assurances that the
Fund will satisfy any such safe harbors. 

22 

If it were determined that the Fund should be
treated as a PTP that is taxed as a corporation, income or loss of the Fund would not be passed through to Shareholders, and the Fund
would be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on its taxable income. In addition, distributions made to Shareholders out of the
Fund s earnings and profits would be taxable as dividends. 

The Investment Adviser takes the position
that the Fund is not a publicly traded partnership that is taxed as a corporation. However, there can be no assurance that the IRS will
not attempt to treat the Fund as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

The discussion below pairs with the fact
that the Fund is taxed as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Fund, as a partnership, generally will not be
subject to U.S. federal income tax but will file information returns reporting the Fund s income and the Shareholders 
respective shares thereof. The Fund will provide each Shareholder with a Schedule K-1 indicating such Shareholder s
distributive share of the Fund s income, gains, losses, deductions and credits. While the Fund will use its best efforts to
release to each Shareholder a Schedule K-1 by March 15 each year, delivery of Schedules K-1 may be delayed, and Shareholders may
need to obtain extensions for the filing of their own tax returns. 

Income, gains, losses, deductions and credits
from the Fund will be allocated among the Shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes in accordance with the Fund s Agreement
and Declaration of Trust. Such allocations are intended to conform to existing Regulations under the Code. A Shareholder must treat the
Fund items in a manner consistent with the Fund s treatment of those items, unless the Shareholder notifies the IRS of inconsistent
treatment. 

Tax Elections; Basis Adjustments; Returns 

The Code generally provides for optional adjustments
to the basis of partnership property upon distributions of partnership property to a partner and transfers of partnership interests (including
by reason of death) provided that a partnership election has been made pursuant to Section 754 of the Code. The Investment Adviser, in
its sole discretion, may cause the Fund to make such an election. Any such election, once made, cannot be revoked without the IRS s
consent. As a result of the complexity and added expense of the tax accounting required to implement such an election, the Investment
Adviser may decide not to make such election. 

The Fund is generally required to adjust its tax
basis in its assets in respect of all Shareholders in cases of distributions that result in a substantial basis reduction 
(i.e., in excess of 250,000) in respect of the Fund s property. The Fund is also required to adjust its tax basis in its assets
in respect of a transferee, in the case of a sale or exchange of an interest, or a transfer upon death, when there exists immediately
after the transfer a substantial built-in loss i.e. , in excess of 250,000) in respect of Fund property or the transferee
would be allocated a loss of more than 250,000 upon a disposition of all of the Fund s assets at fair market value. For this reason,
the Fund will require (i) a Shareholder who receives a distribution from the Fund in connection with a complete withdrawal, (ii) a transferee
of Shares (including a transferee in case of death) and (iii) any other Shareholder in appropriate circumstances to provide the Fund with
information regarding its adjusted tax basis in its Shares and such other information as the Investment Adviser may request. 

The Investment Adviser decides how to report the
partnership items on the Fund s tax returns and which tax elections to make. In certain cases, the Fund may be required to file
a statement with the IRS disclosing one or more positions taken on its tax return, generally where the tax law is uncertain or a position
lacks clear authority. Given the uncertainty and complexity of the tax laws, it is possible that the IRS may not agree with the manner
in which the Fund s items have been reported. 

Tax Audits 

In IRS audits of the Fund, the tax treatment of
Fund-related items is determined at the Fund level rather than at the Shareholder level. The Investment Adviser will designate or be designated
as the Fund s partnership representative with the authority to determine the Fund s response to an audit and
to make all related decisions and elections. Under the generally applicable rules, the Fund, rather than the Shareholders, will generally
be required to pay any imputed underpayments, including interest and penalties, resulting from an adjustment to the Fund s items
of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit, or an adjustment to the allocation of such items among the Shareholders. Such imputed underpayments
will be based on the highest individual or corporate income tax rate in effect for the year being audited, unless the Fund is able to
establish that the underpayment is allocable to a tax-exempt Shareholder or would have otherwise been taxed at a lower rate. In such cases,
a Shareholder could bear tax liabilities attributable to adjustments to audited years in which it was not a Shareholder or in which its
interest in the Fund was smaller. The Fund will treat any imputed underpayments as a deemed distribution to the Shareholder to which such
imputed underpayment is allocable and may require current and former Shareholders and their successors to indemnify the Fund and its Shareholders
against imputed underpayments allocable to them. 

23 

As an alternative to paying the imputed underpayment,
the Fund may elect to cause each person who was a Shareholder in the year under audit to take into account its share of any adjustment;
however, in that case, the Shareholders would be subject to a higher rate of interest with respect to any underpayment than would have
applied if the Fund were subject to the underpayment. 

Any actions taken by the Fund s partnership
representative is binding on both the Fund and the Shareholders. The IRS will not be required to provide notice of any audit or proceeding
to any other Shareholder. The limitations period for assessment of deficiencies and claims for refunds with respect to items related to
the Fund is generally three years after the Fund s return is filed for the taxable year in question. The Fund s partnership
representative has the authority to, and may, extend such period with respect to all Shareholders. There can be no assurance that the
Fund s or a Shareholder s tax return will not be audited by the IRS or that no adjustments to such returns will be made as
a result of such an audit. Potential investors are encouraged to consult with their tax advisors regarding the possible implications of
the partnership audit rules on an investment in the Fund. 

Taxation of U.S. Taxable Shareholders 

As used herein, the term U.S. Shareholder 
means a Shareholder of the Fund that (i) (a) is a citizen or resident for U.S. federal income tax purposes of the United States, (b) is
a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax consequences) created or organized in or under the
laws of the United States or of any political subdivision thereof, (c) is an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income
taxation regardless of its source or (d) is a trust, if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over
the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. fiduciaries have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust
and (ii) is not an entity that has special status under the Code, such as a tax-exempt organization. The tax treatment of partners in
a partnership, or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, generally is a function of the nature of
the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships investing in the Fund or persons investing in the Fund through a partnership
should consult their own tax advisors regarding the taxation of such investment. 

Each U.S. Shareholder will be required to take
into account its distributive share of items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of the Fund for each taxable year of the Fund
ending with or within the U.S. Shareholder s taxable year. U.S. Shareholders must report those items without regard to whether any
distribution has been or will be received from the Fund. Each item generally will have the same character as though the U.S. Shareholder
had realized the item directly. Because U.S. Shareholders will be required to include Fund income, including Fund income for which the
Fund has no corresponding cash receipts, in their respective income tax returns without regard to whether there are distributions attributable
to that income, U.S. Shareholders may be required to find other sources from which to pay the federal income taxes arising out of their
investments in the Fund. 

Distributions 

Distributions of cash to a U.S. Shareholder, including,
for this purpose, any reduction in the U.S. Shareholder s share of the Fund s liabilities, are first applied to reduce the
U.S. Shareholder s tax basis in its Shares. To the extent such distributions exceed such basis, they will result in taxable gain
to the U.S. Shareholder. In general, distributions (other than liquidating distributions) of property other than cash will reduce the
basis (but not below zero) of a U.S. Shareholder s Shares by the amount of the Fund s basis in such property immediately before
its distribution, but will not result in the realization of income to the U.S. Shareholder. On the complete liquidation of a U.S. Shareholder s
Shares, (i) if the U.S. Shareholder receives only cash, such U.S. Shareholder generally will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference
between the amount of cash received and such U.S. Shareholder s tax basis in its Shares and (ii) if the U.S. Shareholder receives
cash and other property, or only other property, such U.S. Shareholder generally will not recognize loss, but will be required to recognize
gain equal to the excess (if any) of the amount of cash received over the U.S. Shareholder s adjusted tax basis in its Shares. Any
gain or loss recognized in this context generally will be treated as capital gain or loss, except to the extent attributable to the Shareholder s
share of unrealized receivables, including accrued market discount, which will be treated as ordinary income. 

24 

In
addition, under Section 731 of the Code, a distribution consisting of marketable securities generally is treated as a distribution
of cash (rather than property) unless the Fund is an investment partnership and the recipient is an eligible partner 
within the meaning of Section 731(c)(3)(C) of the Code. The Fund will determine at the appropriate time whether it qualifies as an investment
partnership. 

Basis 

A
U.S. Shareholder s tax basis in its Shares is generally equal to the amount of cash the U.S. Shareholder has contributed to the
Fund, increased by the U.S. Shareholder s share of income and liabilities of the Fund, and decreased by the U.S. Shareholder s
share of distributions, losses and reductions in Fund liabilities. 

Sale
or Exchange of U.S. Shareholder s Shares 

A
U.S. Shareholder that sells or otherwise disposes of Shares in a taxable transaction generally will recognize gain or loss equal to the
difference, if any, between its adjusted basis in the Shares and the amount realized from the sale or disposition. The amount realized
will include the U.S. Shareholder s reduced share of the Fund s liabilities attributable to the disposition. If the U.S.
Shareholder holds Shares as a capital asset, the gain or loss generally will constitute capital gain or loss, except to the extent attributable
to unrealized receivables, including accrued market discount, of the Fund, which will be treated as ordinary income. Gain
or loss on disposition of Shares generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Shareholder has held the Shares for more
than one year on the date of such sale or disposition; provided that a capital contribution by the U.S. Shareholder to the Fund within
the one-year period ending on such date will cause part of such gain or loss to be short-term capital gain or loss. 

Tax
Consequences to a Withdrawing Shareholder 

A
U.S. Shareholder receiving a cash distribution from the Fund, in connection with a complete withdrawal from the Fund, generally will
recognize capital gain or loss to the extent of the difference between the proceeds received by such U.S. Shareholder (increased by its
share of Fund liabilities prior to withdrawal) and such U.S. Shareholder s adjusted tax basis in its Shares. Such capital gain
or loss will be short-term, long-term, or some combination of both, depending upon the timing of the U.S. Shareholder s contributions
to the Fund. However, a withdrawing U.S. Shareholder may recognize ordinary income attributable to such U.S. Shareholder s share
of the Fund s unrealized receivables, including accrued market discount. A U.S. Shareholder receiving a cash distribution
with respect to a partial withdrawal will recognize income in a similar manner only to the extent that the amount of the distribution
exceeds such U.S. Shareholder s adjusted tax basis in its Shares. 

Limitations
on Deductions for Losses and Expenses 

Fund
losses and various Fund expenses allocable to certain U.S. Shareholders may be subject to limits on deductibility for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. For example, limitations that may apply for U.S. Shareholders who are individuals or certain closely held corporations
include limitations relating to passive losses, excess business losses, amounts at risk, investment
interest and miscellaneous itemized deductions. Many potential restrictions on use of Fund losses or deduction of
Fund expenses depend on whether the Fund is engaged in the conduct of a trade or business or is merely an investor with respect to a
particular investment. If a portion of the Fund s activities constitute a trade or business and a portion does not, the Investment
Adviser will determine which expenses are trade or business expenses and which expenses are investment expenses, but the IRS may take
more restrictive positions. Prospective investors should consult with their tax advisors regarding potential application of the limitations
described below. 

Basis
Limitation. It is possible that expenses and losses of the Fund could exceed the Fund s investment income and gain in a given
year. In general, Section 704(d) of the Code limits a U.S. Shareholder s ability to deduct its allocable share of the Fund s
net losses to the extent of its tax basis in its Shares at the end of the tax year in which the losses are recognized, with suspended
losses carried forward. 

25 

At
Risk Limitation. A U.S. Shareholder that is subject to the at risk limitations (generally, non-corporate taxpayers
and closely held corporations) may not deduct losses of the Fund to the extent that they exceed the amount such U.S. Shareholder has
 at risk with respect to its Shares at the end of the year. The amount that a U.S. Shareholder has at risk 
will generally be the same as its adjusted basis as described above, except that it will generally not include any amount attributable
to liabilities of the Fund (other than certain loans secured by real property and certain other assets of the Fund) or any amount borrowed
by the U.S. Shareholder that is secured by the U.S. Shareholder s Shares on a nonrecourse basis. Losses denied under the basis
or at risk limitations are suspended and may be carried forward in subsequent taxable years, subject to these and other
applicable limitations. 

Passive
Loss Limitation. Under the passive loss rules applicable to noncorporate taxpayers and closely held and personal service
corporations, the Code prohibits the current use of losses and credits from a business activity in which the taxpayer does not materially
participate to offset other income, including salary, active business income, and portfolio income (such as dividends, interest and net
capital gains not incurred in the ordinary conduct of a trade or business or not treated as passive activity income even though incurred
in connection with a trade or business). Generally, passive losses in excess of passive income are carried forward until the complete
disposition of the activity in which the losses were incurred in a taxable transaction. It is possible that the disposition
of any particular investment will not be treated as a disposition of an entire activity because all of the investments
may be treated as one large single activity. In this case, a loss on the disposition of any particular investment would
not be immediately deductible and might have to be carried forward until either there was sufficient passive income to offset it or until
the final liquidation of the Fund or a Shareholder s full disposition of their interest in the Fund. 

Excess
Business Losses and NOLs. Non-corporate taxpayers cannot deduct excess business losses, i.e., net losses with respect
to a trade or business plus 250,000 500,000 in the case of a joint return) in taxable years beginning before January 1, 2027. In the
case of an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the limitation is applied at the partner level. Any
excess business loss that is disallowed is carried forward and treated as part of the taxpayer s net operating loss carryforward
in subsequent taxable years. Whether the Fund will be engaged in a trade or business depends upon how it conducts its activities. In
addition, there are limitations on use of net operating losses. 

Business
Interest Expense. A taxpayer s deduction for interest expense on indebtedness allocable to a trade or business may be limited
to the amount of the taxpayer s interest income plus 30 of the taxpayer s adjusted taxable income unless the
taxpayer s gross receipts do not exceed 25 million per year during the applicable testing period, with any disallowed interest
carried forward. These limits could apply at the Shareholder level, the Fund level and at the level of other Fund subsidiaries. 

Investment
Interest Expense. To the extent that the Fund has interest expense, a non-corporate U.S. Shareholder may be subject to the limitation
on the deduction of investment interest. Investment interest includes interest paid or accrued on indebtedness incurred
or continued to purchase or carry property held for investment and short sale expenses. Investment interest is not deductible in the
current taxable year to the extent it exceeds a taxpayer s net investment income, consisting of net gain and ordinary
income in the current year from investments. For the purposes of this limitation, net long-term capital gains and qualified dividends 
are generally excluded from the computation of investment income, unless the taxpayer elects to pay tax on such gain or dividends at
ordinary income tax rates. The limitations on the deductibility of investment interest also would apply to interest paid by a U.S. Shareholder
on debt incurred to finance its investment in the Fund. 

Miscellaneous
Itemized Deductions. If the management fee, incentive fee, and other Fund expenses or portions thereof are treated as miscellaneous
itemized deductions, rather than as trade or business expenses, non-corporate taxpayers would not be entitled to deduct such items
in taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, and for taxable years starting after December 31, 2025, deductions for such items
would be subject to limitations, including a limitation permitting deduction only to the extent such deductions exceed 2 of the taxpayer s
 adjusted gross income. 

Capital
Losses. U.S. Shareholders generally can deduct capital losses only to the extent of their capital gains. Non-corporate U.S. Shareholders
cannot carry back capital losses but can carry them forward indefinitely. 

Organizational
and Syndication Expenses. In general, neither the Fund nor any U.S. Shareholder may currently deduct organizational or syndication
expenses. The Fund will elect to amortize its organizational expenses over a 180-month period. Syndication expenses, including placement
fees, must be capitalized and cannot be amortized or otherwise deducted. However, the capitalization of such syndication expenses and
unamortized organizational expenses may result in increased capital loss or decreased capital gain on the disposition or liquidation
of Shares. 

26 

Qualified
Business Income. For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, non-corporate taxpayers are entitled to a deduction of up to
20 of qualified business income. Capital gains do not qualify as qualified business income. The deduction is subject to
various limitations, including relating to W-2 wages and the unadjusted basis of depreciable property. The Fund cannot project the amounts,
if any, of qualified business income it will generate. 

Medicare
Tax on Net Investment Income Tax. High-income U.S. individuals, estates and trusts are subject to an additional 3.8 tax on net investment
income. For these purposes, net investment income includes interest, dividends, gains from sales of debt instruments and stock and income
derived from a passive activity or a trade or business of trading in financial instruments or commodities. In the case of an individual,
the tax will be 3.8 of the lesser of: (1) the individual s net investment income; or (ii) the excess of the individual s
modified adjusted gross income over (a) 250,000 in the case of a married individual filing a joint return or a surviving spouse, (b)
 125,000 in the case of a married individual filing a separate return or (c) 200,000 in the case of a single individual. 

Backup
Withholding . The Fund may be required in certain circumstances to withhold on certain payments paid to non-corporate U.S. Shareholders
who do not furnish the Fund their correct taxpayer identification number (in the case of individuals, their social security number) and
certain certifications, or who are otherwise subject to backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts
withheld from payments made to a U.S. Shareholder may be refunded or credited against such U.S. Shareholder s U.S. federal income
tax liability. 

Tax
Shelter Reporting Rules . The Fund may engage in transactions or make investments that would subject the Fund, its Shareholders that
are obliged to file U.S. tax returns and/or its advisers to special rules requiring such transactions or investments by the Fund, or
investments in the Fund, to be reported and/or otherwise disclosed to the IRS, including to the IRS s Office of Tax Shelter Analysis
(the Tax Shelter Rules ). Although the Fund does not expect to engage in transactions solely or principally for the purpose
of achieving a particular tax consequence, there can be no assurance that the Fund will not engage in transactions that trigger the Tax
Shelter Rules. In addition, a U.S. Shareholder may have disclosure obligations with respect to its interest in the Fund if the U.S. Shareholder
(or the Fund in certain cases) participates in a reportable transaction. A U.S. Shareholder s recognition of a loss upon its disposition
of an interest in the Fund could also constitute a reportable transaction for such U.S. Shareholder, requiring such U.S.
Shareholder to file Form 8886. 

In
addition, pursuant to the Tax Shelter Rules, the Fund may provide to its advisers identifying information about the Fund s investors
and their participation in the Fund and the Fund s income, gain, loss, deduction or credit from transactions or investments that
are subject to the Tax Shelter Rules, and the Fund or its advisers may disclose this information to the IRS upon its request. 

Other
Tax Reporting Rules . If the Fund transfers cash to a non-U.S. entity, U.S. Shareholders may be treated as having indirectly contributed
cash to a non-U.S. corporation or partnership, possibly having U.S. reporting requirements relating thereto, although U.S. Shareholders
generally will have no reporting requirements if the Fund satisfies its reporting requirements. 

Taxation
of U.S. Tax-Exempt Shareholders 

The
discussion below discusses certain tax issues for U.S. tax-exempt entities that are subject to U.S. federal income taxation on unrelated
business taxable income UBTI ), such as qualified pension plans and individual retirement accounts. Certain tax-exempt
entities, such as private foundations, endowments, and charitable remainder trusts are subject to special rules not discussed below.
Prospective tax-exempt investors should consult their own advisors regarding the tax consequences of purchasing, holding and disposing
of an interest in the Fund. 

Unrelated
Business Tax Income 

Under
Code Section 501(a), tax-exempt entities, including qualified pension plans and individual retirement accounts, are generally exempt
from U.S. federal income tax, but are taxable on unrelated business taxable income or UBTI . If a tax-exempt entity owns
an interest in a partnership such as the Fund, the activities of the partnership are attributed to it for purposes of determining whether
the tax-exempt entity s distributive share of partnership income is UBTI. UBTI generally is derived from either (i) an unrelated
trade or business carried on by the Fund (or by a partnership or limited liability company in which the Fund is a partner or member)
or (ii) debt-financed property owned by the Fund. For each tax-exempt Shareholder, the unrelated business income tax generally
applies to UBTI in excess of 1,000 for any taxable year. 

27 

UBTI
is defined generally as any gross income derived by a tax-exempt entity from an unrelated trade or business that it regularly carries
on, less the deductions directly connected with that trade or business. Separate calculations are made for each unrelated trade or business
of the exempt organization, with losses usable only against the applicable unrelated trade or business and not against all UBTI generally
with all investment activities treated as a single trade or business to the extent so provided in applicable Treasury Regulations). Section
512(b) of the Code, however, provides that interest, dividends, certain rents from real property, gain from the sale of property that
is not held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business and certain other types of income generally are not treated as UBTI. 

In
addition, UBTI includes a percentage of any gross income or gain not otherwise treated as UBTI (less the same percentage of applicable
deductions) that is derived from any property that is subject to acquisition indebtedness. Acquisition indebtedness includes
(i) the amount of any mortgage or lien to which property is subject at the time of its acquisition or debt incurred in acquiring or improving
a property, (ii) debt incurred before the acquisition or improvement of any property if the debt would not have been incurred but for
such acquisition or improvement and (iii) debt incurred after the acquisition or improvement of any property if (x) the debt would not
have been incurred but for such acquisition or improvement and (y) the incurrence of the debt was reasonably foreseeable at the time
of the acquisition or improvement. The calculation of a particular tax-exempt organization s UBTI is also affected if it incurs
indebtedness to finance its investment in a partnership. 

The
amount of UBTI that is realized by tax-exempt Shareholders will depend on the nature of the Fund s future operations. The Fund,
whether directly or through partnerships in which it may invest, is expected to generate trade or business income that may be UBTI and
to generate debt-financed income that is treated as UBTI. 

Excise
Tax on Certain Tax-Exempt Entities Entering into Prohibited Tax Shelter Transactions 

Section
4965 of the Code imposes an excise tax on certain tax-exempt entities, including, in certain circumstances, their managers, that become
a party to a transaction that is a prohibited tax shelter transaction, (as defined in Section 4965(e)(1)) of the Code.
Tax-exempt entities and possibly their managers may be subject to significant penalties if the tax-exempt entity fails to disclose to
the IRS its participation in each prohibited tax shelter transaction and to disclose other known parties to the transaction. 

Although
the Fund does not intend to invest in prohibited tax shelter transactions, the Fund could participate in a transaction that is or later
becomes treated by the IRS as a prohibited tax shelter transaction. In addition, prohibited reportable transactions could include transactions
that are not typically viewed as tax shelters or tax avoidance transactions. There can be no assurance that the Fund might not participate
directly or indirectly in a transaction that is determined by the IRS to be a prohibited reportable transaction. 

Prospective tax-exempt investors should consult
their own tax advisors for further information about the U.S. federal, state, and local and other tax consequences of purchasing, holding,
and disposing of shares. 

Taxation
of Non-U.S. Shareholders 

The
following is a summary discussion of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations relating to an investment in the Fund by
Non-U.S. Shareholders. For purposes of this discussion, a Non-U.S. Shareholder is a Shareholder that is not a U.S. Shareholder,
a U.S. tax-exempt entity or a partnership or entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The summary assumes
that a Non-U.S. Shareholder is not engaged in a trade or business within the United States other than as a result of its investment in
the Fund, and, in the case of an individual, is not present in the United States for more than 183 days in any year. This summary does
not discuss special rules applicable to certain types of potential non-U.S. investors, such as qualified foreign pension funds 
or governmental entities and does not discuss any non-U.S. tax considerations. 

28 

Non-Effectively
Connected Income 

A
Non-U.S. Shareholder is subject to U.S. withholding tax at the rate of 30 (or a lower tax treaty rate, if applicable) on its distributive
share of any U.S.-source fixed or determinable annual or periodic income, such as interest (other than so called portfolio interest 
and bank deposit interest) and dividends received by the Fund, that is not effectively connected with the conduct of a
trade or business in the United States ECI ). Withholding is generally not required in the case of non-effectively connected
capital gains. 

Effectively
Connected Income 

The
Fund and partnerships in which the Fund may invest are expected to conduct activities in the United States that involve the conduct of
a trade or business in the United States. In general, a non-U.S. person that invests in a partnership that is engaged in a trade
or business within the United States is itself considered to be engaged in a trade or business within the United States and is
required to file U.S. federal income tax returns and is subject to U.S. tax at regular U.S. tax rates on its income that is effectively
connected with such U.S. trade or business ECI ), less deductions allocable to such income (and a branch profits 
tax in the case of a non-U.S. corporation). It is possible that all or substantially all of the Fund s income will be ECI. A non-U.S.
person that fails to file a timely U.S. federal income tax return in respect of its income from a U.S. trade or business may subsequently
be precluded from claiming deductions related to such income. The Fund will be required to withhold at the highest applicable U.S. federal
income tax rates on the share of any ECI, less allocable deductions, allocable to Non-U.S. Shareholders. To the extent that the amount
of tax withheld exceeds the non-U.S. Shareholder s substantive federal income tax liability, such excess may be refunded to such
Non-U.S. Shareholder. 

FIRPTA 

The
Fund and/or the partnerships in which the Fund invests will invest in U.S. real property interests. Gains from dispositions
of U.S. real property interests generally are deemed to be ECI. 

Sale
of Shares or Withdrawal 

In
addition, any gain realized by a non-U.S. Shareholder on a disposition of Shares will be taxable as ECI to the extent attributable to
appreciation in USRPIs or other assets that would generate ECI if sold by the Fund, and the purchaser (or the Fund in the case of a withdrawal)
may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax. 

Estate
Taxes 

Shares
in the Fund owned or treated as owned at the date of death of a non-U.S. individual may be included in such individual s estate
for U.S. federal estate tax purposes, unless an applicable estate tax treaty provides otherwise. 

Foreign
Account Tax Compliance Act 

Under
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations issued thereunder (commonly referred to as FATCA ),
a 30 withholding tax is imposed on payments of certain U.S.-source income (including interest and dividends) to non-U.S. entities unless
such non-U.S. persons comply with certain reporting requirements regarding their direct and indirect U.S. owners and other U.S.
account holders. Such withholding could apply to payments made by the Fund to certain of its Non-U.S. Shareholders. Accordingly,
Non-U.S. Shareholders may have to provide certain information, representations and waivers of non-U.S. law as may be required by the
Investment Adviser to comply with such new rules in order to avoid such withholding tax, including, for example, information relating
to a Non-U.S. Shareholder and its substantial United States owners (within the meaning of Code Section 1473(2)), if any,
or persons holding a financial account (within the meaning of Code Section 1471(d)(2)) with such Non-U.S. Shareholder.
Certain countries have entered into inter-governmental agreements with the United States to facilitate the type of information reporting
required under FATCA. While the existence of such agreements will not eliminate the risk of FATCA withholding on payments made by the
Fund to its Non-U.S. Shareholders, these agreements are expected to reduce the risk of the withholding for investors in (or indirectly
holding interests in the Fund through financial institutions in) those countries. Potential investors are encouraged to consult with
their tax advisors regarding the possible implications of FATCA on an investment in the Fund. While withholding under FATCA would also
have applied to payments of gross proceeds from dispositions of certain stocks and debt instruments after December 31, 2018, proposed
Regulations eliminate FATCA withholding on gross proceeds payments. Taxpayers generally may rely on such proposed Regulations until final
Regulations are issued. In addition, pursuant to these rules, the Fund may provide to its advisors identifying information about the
Shareholders and their participation in the Fund and the Fund s income, gain, loss or deduction from those transactions or investments,
and the Fund or its advisors may disclose this information to the IRS upon its request. 

PROSPECTIVE
NON-U.S. INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS FOR FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND NON-U.S. INCOME
AND OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES OF PURCHASING, HOLDING AND DISPOSING OF SHARES. 

29 

Possible
Tax Legislative or Other Actions 

Prospective
investors should recognize that the present U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in the Fund may be modified by legislative,
judicial or administrative action at any time, and any such action may affect investments and commitments previously made. Revisions
in U.S. federal tax laws and interpretations thereof could adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in the Fund. 

State
and Local Tax Considerations 

In
addition to the U.S. federal income tax consequences described above, Prospective investors should consider potential state and local
tax consequences of an investment in the Fund. The state and local tax treatment of the Fund and the Shareholder may not conform to the
U.S. federal income tax consequences discussed above. State and local laws may differ from U.S. federal income tax laws with respect
to the treatment of specific items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit. 

The
Fund and its Shareholders may become subject to state and local taxes or filing requirements in various state and local jurisdictions
depending on the location and scope of the Fund s activities and investments. The imposition of state and local tax may take the
form of a tax on the Fund and/or the Shareholders. The Fund and its Shareholders may become subject to state and local taxes or filing
requirements in those jurisdictions where the Fund is considered to be doing business, holds assets or has employees or agents. 

The
taxability of a Shareholder may take the form of entity-level withholding of state or local income, franchise, or other tax from the
distributive share payable to a Shareholder. In addition, a Shareholder s distributive share of the income or loss from the Fund
may be required to be included in determining such Shareholder s reportable income for state or local tax purposes in the state
or locality in which such Shareholder is a resident. Other states and localities in which the Fund may derive income may require the
filing of tax returns by nonresident Shareholders. To the extent that a nonresident Shareholder pays a tax to a state or locality by
virtue of Fund operations within that state or locality, such Shareholder may be entitled to a deduction or credit against tax owed to
its state or locality of residence with respect to the same income. 

For
taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, individuals who itemize cannot deduct more than 10,000 of state and local taxes. 

In
light of the foregoing, each prospective investor is urged to consult with its own tax advisors regarding the state and local tax consequences
of an investment in the Fund. 

The contents of this section are intended as a
general discussion of certain tax consequences of an investment in the fund. This discussion should not be construed as providing tax
advice to prospective investors; nor should prospective investors rely on this discussion as to the tax consequences of acquiring, holding,
and disposing of an interest in the fund. Prospective investors should consult with and rely solely on their own tax advisers as to all
tax consequences of acquiring, holding, and disposing of an interest in the fund, including the effects of U.S. federal, state, local,
and non-U.S. income and other tax law. 

30 

Certain
ERISA Considerations 

ERISA
imposes certain requirements on (i) employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that are subject
to Title I of ERISA, (ii) entities whose underlying assets include the assets of such plans (each of (i) and (ii), an ERISA
Plan and (iii) persons who are fiduciaries with respect to ERISA Plans. Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the
Code prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of an ERISA Plan and of other plans that are subject to Section
4975 of the Code, such as individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans (together with ERISA Plans, Plans ),
and certain persons (referred to as parties in interest under ERISA or disqualified persons under the Code)
having certain relationships to Plans, unless a statutory or administrative exemption is applicable to the transaction. A party in interest
or disqualified person who engages in a prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under
ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, unless a statutory or administrative exemption is available. Each person acquiring Shares that is
or may become a Plan is responsible for determining the extent, if any, to which the purchase and holding of Shares will constitute a
non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, and otherwise for determining compliance with ERISA and Section
4975 of the Code. 

The
Plan Assets Regulation describes when the assets of an entity are to be treated as plan assets for purposes of ERISA or
Section 4975 of the Code. The Plan Assets Regulation provides that, if a Plan acquires an equity interest (such as Shares
of the Fund) in an entity (such as the Fund) that is neither a publicly-offered security nor a security issued by an investment
company registered under the 1940 Act, the assets of the Plan are deemed to include both the equity interest in the entity as well as
an undivided interest in each of the underlying assets of such entity, unless Benefit Plan Investors (as defined below) in the aggregate
hold less than 25 of the value of each class of equity interests in the entity or unless another exception under the Plan Assets Regulation
applies. If the underlying assets of the entity were deemed to include plan assets, the obligations and other responsibilities
of Plan sponsors, Plan fiduciaries and Plan administrators, and of parties in interest and disqualified persons, under Parts 1 and 4
of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, as applicable, may be expanded and there may be an increase in their
liability under these and other provisions of ERISA and the Code (except to the extent (if any) that a favorable statutory or administrative
exemption applies); in addition, various providers of fiduciary or other services to the entity, and any other parties with authority
or control with respect to the entity, could be deemed to be Plan fiduciaries or otherwise parties in interest or disqualified persons
by virtue of their provision of such services (and there could be an improper delegation of authority to such providers). 

For
purposes of the Plan Assets Regulation, the term Benefit Plan Investor means (i) any employee benefit plan 
as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA and subject to Part 4 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, (ii) any plan as defined in
and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and (iii) any entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of an employee benefit
plan s investment in the entity for purposes of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. Any entity described in clause (iii) of the
previous sentence will be considered, for various purposes, to hold plan assets only to the extent of the percentage of
its equity interests that are held by Benefit Plan Investors. The general account of an insurance company whose assets include the assets
of Benefit Plan Investors may, under certain circumstances, be treated as plan assets. Under the Plan Assets Regulation,
any equity interests held by a person (other than a Benefit Plan Investor) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to
the assets of the entity or that provides investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets or any affiliate
of such person (any of the foregoing, a Controlling Person ), will be disregarded in determining compliance with the 25 
limitation. 

The
Plan Assets Regulation defines a publicly-offered security as a security that is widely held, freely
transferable, and either part of a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act or sold pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act if the securities are registered under the Exchange Act within 120 days after the end of the fiscal
year of the issuer during which the public offering occurred. A security is considered widely held if it is part of a class
of securities that is owned by 100 or more investors independent of the issuer and of one another. However, a security will not fail
to be widely held solely because the number of independent investors falls below 100 subsequent to the initial public offering
as a result of events beyond the issuer s control. The Plan Assets Regulation provides that whether a security is freely
transferable is a factual question to be determined on the basis of all relevant facts and circumstances. It is noted that the
Plan Assets Regulation only establishes a presumption in favor of the finding of free transferability where the restrictions are consistent
with the particular types of restrictions listed in the Plan Assets Regulation. 

31 

In
order to attempt to prevent the Fund s assets from being characterized as plan assets for purposes of ERISA or Section
4975 of the Code prior to the consummation of any initial public offering, listing or registration of Shares under the Exchange Act (in
any case, sufficient to cause Shares to be a publicly-offered security for purposes of the Plan Assets Regulation), the
Fund intends to use commercially reasonable efforts to limit investment in the Fund so that, at all times, less than 25 of each class
of equity interests in the Fund (as determined for purposes of the Plan Assets Regulation) is held by Benefit Plan Investors, based on
written representations provided by investors. Prospective investors will be required to represent whether they are, or are not and will
not be, a Benefit Plan Investor or a Controlling Person. In addition, in an attempt to comply with the 25 limitation prior to the consummation
of any initial public offering, listing or registration of the Fund s Shares under the Exchange Act, initial or additional investments
by Benefit Plan Investors may be restricted. Specifically, subscriptions for shares of the Fund s Shares by, or transfers of Shares
to, Benefit Plan Investors may be rejected, and existing Benefit Plan Investors may be required to redeem all or a portion of their Shares.
Any such restrictions or mandatory redemptions will be effected in such manner as the Fund determines, in its sole discretion, to be
appropriate under the circumstances. If, following the completion of an initial public offering, or listing or registration of the Fund s
Shares, in any case, that causes the Fund s Shares to be a publicly-offered security, the Fund s assets would
not be characterized as plan assets, as discussed above. 

This
summary does not include a discussion of any laws that may apply to employee benefit plans that are not subject to ERISA or Section 4975
of the Code. Such plans (and entities in which they invest, as applicable) should consult their own professional advisors about any laws
applicable thereto. 

The preceding discussion is only a summary of certain implications
under ERISA and section 4975 of the code of an investment in the Fund s common shares and does not purport to be complete. Prospective
investors should consult with their own legal, tax, financial, and other advisors prior to investing to review these implications in light
of such investor s particular circumstances. 

32 

33 

34 

35 

36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

48 

49 

50 

51 

52 

53 

54 

55 

56 

57 

58 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

The Company does not own any real estate or other physical properties
materially important to our operation. Our headquarters are located at 14805 Forest Road Suite 203, Forest, VA 24551. Our headquarters
are provided to us by the Adviser. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as we conduct it. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

As of March 31, 2023, there were no material legal proceedings against
the Company or any of its officers or directors. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

59 

PART
II. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

The Shares are offered and sold under the
exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(c) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder and other exemptions of
similar import in the laws of the states and jurisdictions where the offering is made. There is no public market for the Shares currently,
nor can the Fund give any assurance that one will develop. 

Holders 

Please see Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management for disclosure regarding the holders of the Shares. 

Distribution Policy 

The Fund generally intends to make monthly distributions
to its Shareholders out of assets legally available for distribution. The Fund expects targeted annual distributions of 5-8 of net assets.
The Fund s monthly distributions, if any, will be determined by its Board. However, there is no certainty that distributions will occur. 

Because the Fund does not intend to elect to be
taxed as a regulated investment company RIC under the Code, it is under no obligation to make any distributions to Shareholders.
See Risk Factors. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

The following discussion and analysis set forth
below contains forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. The discussion and analysis contained in this section
refers to our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The information contained in this section should be read in
conjunction with the financial statements and footnotes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

The Fund is a closed-end
management investment company that has elected its fiscal year end to be March 31 and to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Fund invests in a variety of commercial real estate asset classes, including,
but not limited to, manufactured housing communities, self-storage facilities, RV parks, multifamily, and small-bay industrial properties
through investments in limited liability companies LLCs or limited partnerships LPs ). The operators within
these asset classes primarily focus on value-add opportunities to increase net operating income, which is then passed on to the investors
through free cash flow from operations. In addition, the Fund has elected to be treated as a partnership under the Internal Revenue Code,
commencing with our taxable year ending December 31, 2022. The investment adviser for the Fund is Wellings Capital Management, LLC the
Adviser ). 

60 

The Fund was seeded on March 30, 2022, with an
initial capital contribution of 200,000. For the period from April 1, 2022, through June 30, 2022, the Fund's Adviser managed the Fund's
registration and organizational readiness processes and incurred organizational and offering costs, respectively, on behalf of the Fund.
The organizational and offering costs are subject to reimbursement by the Fund, and the Fund was required to begin reimbursing the Adviser
upon reaching 20.0 million in investor subscriptions, which was achieved during the year ended March 31, 2023. The Fund will continue
to reimburse the Adviser during the next few operational quarters until the full reimbursement amount is paid. 

Business proceedings and operations officially
commenced on July 1, 2022. For the period from July 1, 2022, through March 31, 2023, the Fund raised approximately 28.1 million. 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, the
Fund generated income totaling 330,894 from fee income and dividend income from the Fund s underlying investments in certain
LLCs and LPs. 

Key Components of Operations 

Investments 

The Fund's level of investment activity can and
does vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including the general economic environment, the amount of capital
we have available, and the competitive environment for the type of investments we make. As a BDC, we may not
acquire any assets other than qualifying assets specified in the Investment Company Act of 1940 unless, at the time the
acquisition is made, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying assets include
investments in eligible portfolio companies. Pursuant to rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ),
 eligible portfolio companies include certain companies that do not have any securities listed on a national securities exchange
and public companies whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange but whose market capitalization is less than 250 million. 

For existing investments, the Adviser monitors
the financial trends of each portfolio company on an ongoing basis to determine if it is meeting its respective business plan and to assess
the appropriate course of action for each company. In addition, our Investment Adviser has several methods of evaluating and monitoring
the performance and fair value of our investments, which may include (i) assessment of success in adhering to the portfolio company s
business plan and compliance with covenants; (ii) periodic or regular contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the
financial or strategic sponsor to discuss the financial position, requirements and accomplishments; (iii) comparisons to our other portfolio
companies in the industry, if any; (iv) attendance at and participation in board meetings or presentations by portfolio companies; and
(v) review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections of portfolio companies. 

Investment Income 

As of March 31, 2023, the Fund's portfolio consisted
of 13 investments in the equity of vehicles that invest in various types of real estate, which are expected to generate stable and consistent
cash flow over the long term. The Fund generates revenues in the form of distributions that we receive from the LLC and LP interests that
we own. Distribution amounts are determined entirely by the Managing Members/General Partners of those entities and allocated to us based
on our proportionate interest in those investments. Distributions we receive are analyzed to determine the amount of the distribution
that represents income or return of capital based on the financial information reported to us by the Operator of the underlying investment. 

61 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund
generated income totaling 330,894. As the Fund s investments have begun to mature, management is seeing normal cash flow from operations
delivered to the Fund from the underlying operators. 

The Adviser believes that the Fund will continue
to generate income during each quarter of the Fund s operations. 

Expenses 

The Fund's primary operating expenses
include the payment of the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee to the Adviser, legal and professional fees, and other operating
expenses. These expenses are incurred in accordance with the Investment Advisory Agreement and are necessary to ensure the proper
functioning and management of the Fund. The Management Fee and the Incentive Fee compensate the Adviser for its work in identifying,
evaluating, negotiating, closing, and monitoring our investments. The Fund bears all other expenses of its operations and
transactions, including operational expenses, fees and expenses related to investments and prospective investments, brokers 
commissions, legal, auditing or accounting expenses, taxes or governmental fees, officers and directors expenses, marketing
expenses, valuation expenses, filing expenses, and the fees and expenses of our administrator, transfer agent or sub-transfer agent.
We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase in the aggregate and decrease as a percentage of total assets during
periods of asset growth and to decrease in the aggregate and increase as a percentage of total assets during periods of asset
declines. Additionally, costs relating to future offerings of securities would be incremental. 

Investment Activity 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund
acquired 13 investments approximating 24.5 million. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund obtained capital contributions of
approximately 28.3 million, which was used to purchase investments and increase the Fund's liquidity. 

Details regarding the acquisition costs, investment
type, and representative percentage of the Fund s total net assets can be found in the Schedule of Investments and footnotes to
the financial statements included in this filing. 

Result of Operations 

As business operations commenced on July 1, 2022,
the Fund's performance should be considered in the context of its early stage of development. 

Our operating results for year ended March 31,
2023, are as follows: 

For the Year Ended 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Total investment income 
 330,894 
 
 Net expenses, including fees 
 835,269 
 
 Net investment loss 
 (504,375 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 226,850 
 
 Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations 
 (277,525 

Investment Income 

The Fund s investment income primarily relates to income that was
generated from the underlying portfolio investments of the Fund. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund recognized investment income
of 330,894. 

Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 

The Fund s unrealized appreciation (depreciation) primarily stems
from an increase in valuation to five investments in the Fund netted against a markdown of one investment in the Fund. The investments marked
up were Great Escapes RV Fund IV LP, Post Bellaire Partners, LLC, Post Providence Partners, LLC, Post Sandstone Partners, LLC, and Parkview
Financial Fund 2015 LP. The investment marked down was TC-BKM US Industrial Fund I. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund recorded unrealized
appreciation of 226,850. 

62 

Expenses 

The composition of our operating expenses for the year ended March
31, 2023, are as follows: 

For the Year Ended 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Professional fees 
 286,453 
 
 Directors and officers expense 
 112,892 
 
 Management Fee 
 112,166 
 
 Offering costs 
 109,820 
 
 Marketing and distribution expense 
 94,500 
 
 Incentive fee expense 
 45,370 
 
 Accounting and administration fees 
 38,000 
 
 Insurance expense 
 30,845 
 
 Custody and transfer agent expense 
 10,830 
 
 Organizational expenses 
 7,275 
 
 Other expenses 
 29,212 
 
 Recoupment by Adviser of previously reimbursed expenses 
 75,000 
 
 Reimbursement from Adviser 
 (117,094 

835,269 

Professional fees 

The Fund s professional fees primarily
relate to auditing, accounting, legal, and valuation services. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund incurred professional
expenses related to these services of 286,453. 

Directors and Officers Expense 

The directors and officers expenses are fees for
services related to attending periodic board and committee meetings. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund incurred directors and
officers expenses of 112,892. 

Offering costs 

The offering costs consist
primarily of legal fees for preparing the prospectus and statement of additional information in connection with the Fund s registration
and public offering. Since the Fund s shares were offered through a continuous offering, the offering costs were deferred and amortized
over the 12 months beginning with the first sale of shares in July 2022. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund expensed offering
costs totaling 109,820. 

Accounting and Administrative Fees 

Accounting and administrative fees represent services
provided by a third-party to perform accounting and administration of the Fund. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund incurred accounting
and administrative expenses of 38,000. 

Insurance Expense 

Insurance expense represents fees related to the
E O/D O insurance policy that the Fund has in place. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund had insurance expenses of 30,845. 

Custody and Transfer Agent Fees 

The custody and transfer agent fees represent
fees for services provided by a third-party organization. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund had custody and transfer agent fees
of 10,830. 

Organizational fees 

Organizational fees represent costs that were
incurred to form the Fund. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund had organizational fees of 7,275 compared to 88,750 for the
year ended March 31, 2022. The significant difference is tied to organizational costs related to the establishment of the Fund as a BDC
along with the legal documents and filings for the entity. 

Other Expenses 

Other expenses primarily include subscriptions
and other miscellaneous general and administrative expenses incurred by the Fund. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund had other
expenses of 29,212. 

Recoupment by Adviser of previously reimbursed
expenses 

Recoupment by Adviser of previously reimbursed
expenses primarily include expenses paid by the Adviser that have been reimbursed from the Fund to the Adviser. The recoupment exists
to reimburse the Adviser of all expenses paid prior to the Fund reaching the 20.0 million threshold, as disclosed in the Fund s
Form 10. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund had Recoupment by Adviser of previously reimbursed expenses of 75,000. 

Reimbursement from Adviser 

Reimbursement from Adviser primary consists of Fund-level
expenses that were paid by the Adviser prior to the Fund hitting 20.0 million in subscriptions. These expenses are now due to the Adviser
since the Fund has crossed the 20.0 million subscription threshold. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund received Reimbursement
from Adviser in the amount of 117,094. 

As disclosed in the Fund s financial statements,
the fiscal year end is March 31. However, operations did not officially commence until July 1, 2022. 

63 

Financial Condition, Liquidity, and Capital
Resources 

As of March 31, 2023, the Fund had cash of 3.4
million available for investing and general corporate purposes. We believe we have adequate capital resources to meet our liquidity needs. 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund reported
cash used in operating activities of 24.7 million mainly generated by the Fund s investment activities. For the year ended March
31, 2023, the Fund reported cash provided by financing activities of 27.9 million which was mainly as a result of proceeds from shares
issued of 28.1 million. 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Fund
closed offerings and raised capital contributions of approximately 28.1 million which was available for the Adviser to invest in qualified
investments. Of that amount, the Fund invested 24.5 million since its inception, with the remaining amount being used to pay corporate
expenses. The Fund intends to continue to invest available capital in accordance with the aforementioned investment strategy. The Adviser
believes that the Fund has adequate liquid assets to meet any and all obligations that arise while continuing to make opportunistic investments. 

Equity 

The Fund officially began accepting capital contributions
on July 1, 2022. From inception to March 31, 2023, the Fund has received capital contributions totaling 28.3 million, and the Adviser anticipates
this number to continue growing for the foreseeable future. 

Beginning in January 2023, the Fund started distributing
to investors at a 4.0 annualized rate on a monthly basis. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the cash distributions amounted to 248,748 179,287 net of reinvestments). These distributions are at the sole discretion of the Adviser. 

Subsequent Events 

Fund investors contributed aggregate capital effective
April 1, 2023, May 1, 2023, and June 1, 2023, in the amounts of 1,499,000, 6,222,512, and 3,181,477, respectively. 

The Fund made monthly distributions on April 24,
2023 and May 22, 2023 in the amounts of 99,460 and 120,327, respectively, based on an annualized rate of approximately 4 of its net
assets. The April 24, 2023 and May 22, 2023 distributions resulted in 61,863, and 76,303, respectively, being paid to investors in cash
and 37,597 and 44,024, respectively, being reinvested into the Fund. 

Contractual Obligations 

As of March 31, 2023, we do not have any contractual
obligation on our statements of assets and liabilities. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of these financial statements,
in accordance with U.S. GAAP, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
income, and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets, and other parameters used in determining such estimates
could cause actual results to differ materially. 

64 

The Fund s critical accounting policies
and estimates are as follows: 

Investment Valuations 

The valuation of the Fund s investments
is determined as of the close of business at the end of each reporting period, generally monthly. 

The board of trustees (the Board is responsible for overseeing the Fund s valuation policies, making recommendations to the Adviser on valuation-related matters,
and overseeing implementation by the Adviser of such valuation policies. 

The Board has delegated day-to-day management
of the valuation process to the Adviser as the appointed valuation designee Valuation Designee ). The Adviser has established
a valuation committee (the Adviser Valuation Committee to carry out this function. The Valuation Designee is subject to
the oversight of the Board. The Valuation Designee is responsible for assessing and managing key valuation risk, and is generally responsible
for the review, approval and testing of valuation methodologies and the determination of the fair value of the Fund s investments. 

The Fund applies FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ), as amended, which establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with U.S. GAAP and requires
disclosures of fair value measurements. ASC 820 determines fair value to be the price that would be received for an investment in a current
sale, which assumes an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Market participants are defined as buyers
and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market (which may be a hypothetical market) that are independent, knowledgeable, and
willing and able to transact. ASC 820 specifies a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes and ranks the level of observability of inputs
used in determination of fair value. 

The valuation policies approved by the Board
provide that, where deemed appropriate by the Adviser and consistent with the 1940 Act, investments may be valued at cost. Cost
would be used only when cost is determined to best approximate the fair value of the particular investment under consideration. For
example, cost may not be appropriate when the Fund is aware of sales of similar securities to third parties at different prices or
in other circumstances where cost may not approximate fair value (which could include situations where there are no sales to third
parties). In such a situation, the Fund s investment will be revalued in a manner that the Adviser Valuation Committee, in
accordance with the valuation procedures, determines in good faith best reflects fair value. Valuation methodologies which may be
utilized include the public market methodology, private market methodology, analytical methodology (e.g., discounted cash flow
analysis), using Net Asset Value NAV as a practical expedient, and/or cost methodology. 

The inputs used to determine the fair value of
the Fund s investments are summarized in the three broad levels listed in the fair value hierarchy below: 

Level 1 unadjusted quoted prices in active
markets for identical investments and registered investment companies where the value per share (unit) is determined and published and
is the basis for current transactions for identical assets or liabilities at the valuation date. 

Level 2 investments with other significant
observable inputs (including quoted prices for similar investments, interest rates, benchmark yields, bids, offers, transactions, spreads,
cash collateral, and other relationships observed in the markets among market securities, underlying equity of the issuer, proprietary
pricing models, credit risk, etc.); or 

Level 3 investments with significant unobservable
inputs (which may include the Fund s own assumptions in determining the fair value of investments) 

A financial instrument s categorization
within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. All of the Fund s
investments are classified as Level 3. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
Applicable. 

65 

Part II 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

WELLINGS REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 67 PCAOB ID: Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of March 31, 2022 and 2023 68 Schedule of Investments as of March 31, 2023 69 Statements of Operations for the year ended March 31, 2023 and period from March 30, 2022 (Organization of Fund) to March 31, 2022 70 Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the year ended March 31, 2023 and period from March 30, 2022 (Organization of Fund) to March 31, 2022 71 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended March 31, 2023 and period from March 30, 2022 (Organization of Fund) to March 31, 2022 72 Notes to Financial Statements 73 

66 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Trustees of Wellings Real Estate
Income Fund 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities
of Wellings Real Estate Income Fund (the Fund) as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, including the schedule of investments, as of March 31, 2023,
the related statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2023 and period from March 30,
2022 (Organization of Fund) to March 31, 2022, and the related notes to the financial statements. In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Fund as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations,
changes in net assets and cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2023 and period from March 30, 2022 (Organization of Fund) to March
31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Fund s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Fund s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent
with respect to the Fund in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Fund is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of
its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Fund s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included
confirmation of investments owned as of March 31, 2023, by correspondence with the underlying investees. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Fund's auditor since 2022. 

June 29, 2023 

67 

WELLINGS
 REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 

STATEMENTS
OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

March 31, 
 2023 
 March 31, 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments, at fair value (cost and , respectively) 
 
 - 
 
 Non-Control/Affiliate Investments, at fair value (cost and , respectively) 
 
 -

Control Investments, at fair value (cost and , respectively) 
 
 -

Total Investments, at fair value (cost and , respectively) 
 
 - 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 

Receivable from Adviser for reimbursement of organizational expense and offering costs 

Deferred offering costs 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

Payable to Adviser 

Incentive fee payable 
 
 - 
 
 Professional fees payable 
 
 -

Directors and officers expense payable 
 
 -

Other payables 
 
 -

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

TOTAL NET ASSETS 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 4) 

NET ASSETS CONSIST OF: 

Paid-in capital 

Accumulated distributable loss 
 
 -

TOTAL NET ASSETS 

SHARES ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING (Unlimited number of Shares authorized) 

NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE 

See
 accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

68 

WELLINGS
REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 

SCHEDULE
OF INVESTMENTS 

AS
 OF MARCH 31, 2023 

Portfolio
 Company/ Type of Investment (1) 
 Industry 
 Geographic 
 Region 
 Initial 
 Acquisition 
 Date 
 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Percent
 of 
 Net Assets 
 
 Non-Control/Non-Affiliate
 Investments (2) 

Parkview
 Financial Fund 2015, 
 L.P. (3)(4) 

Common
 Equity, Limited Partner Interests 
 Multifamily 

Post
 Bellaire Partners LLC (3)(4) 

Common
 Equity, Membership Interests 
 Multifamily 

Post
 Las Colinas Heights Partners LLC (3) 

Common
 Equity, Membership Interests 
 Multifamily 

Post
 Providence Partners LLC (3)(4) 

Common
 Equity, Membership Interests 
 Multifamily 

Post
 Oak Forest Partners LLC (3) 

Common
 Equity, Membership Interests 
 Multifamily 

Riparian
 Baltimore SFR Investors I LLC (3) 

Preferred
 Equity, Membership Interests 
 Single Family 

Common
 Equity, Membership Interests 
 Single
 Family 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 

Non-Control/Affiliate
 Investments (2) 

Great
 Escapes RV Fund IV, L.P. (3) 

Common
 Equity, Limited Partner Interests 
 Recreational Vehicle Parks 

Newark-Forest
 MHPS LLC (3) 

Common
 Equity, Membership Interests 
 Manufactured Housing Community 

LBX
 Deptford Investors 
 LLC (3)(4) 

Common
 Equity, Membership Interests 
 Retail 

LBX
 Mount Prospect Investors 
 LLC (3)(4) 

Common
 Equity, Membership Interests 
 Retail 

Post
 Sandstone Partners LLC (3)(4) 

Common
 Equity, Membership Interests 
 Multifamily 

TC-BKM
 US Industrial Fund I, 
 L.P. (3)(4) 

Common
 Equity, Limited Partner Interests 
 Light
 Industrial 

Total
 Non-Control/Affiliate Investments 

Control/Affiliate
 Investments (2) 

Crystal
 View Capital Fund IV, 
 L.P. (3)(4)(5) 

Common
 Equity, Limited Partner Interests 
 Self
 Storage Manufactured Housing Community 

Total
 Control/Affiliate Investments 

Total
 Investments 

Other
 Assets Less Liabilities 

Net
 Assets 

(1) (2) (3) (4) 

(5) 

See
accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

69 

WELLINGS
 REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Period From 
 March 30, 
 2022 

Year Ended 
 (Organization 
 of Fund) to 

March 31, 
 2023 
 March 31, 
 2022 
 
 INCOME 

Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments: 

Fee income 
 
 -

Dividend income 

Non-Control/Affiliate Investments: 

Fee income 
 
 -

Dividend income 
 
 -

Control/Affiliate Investments: 

Fee income 

Other income 
 
 -

TOTAL INCOME 
 
 -

EXPENSES 

Professional fees 
 
 -

Directors and officers expense 
 
 -

Management Fee 
 
 -

Offering costs 
 
 -

Marketing and distribution expense 
 
 -

Incentive fee expense 
 
 - 
 
 Accounting and administration fees 
 
 -

Insurance expense 
 
 -

Custody and transfer agent expense 
 
 -

Organizational expense 

Other expenses 
 
 -

TOTAL EXPENSES 

Recoupment by Adviser of previously reimbursed expenses 
 
 -

Reimbursement from Adviser 

NET EXPENSES 
 
 -

NET INVESTMENT LOSS 
 
 -

NET CHANGE IN UNREALIZED APPRECIATION (DEPRECIATION) ON: 

Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 

Non-Control/Affiliate Investments 
 
 -

TOTAL NET CHANGE IN UNREALIZED APPRECIATION (DEPRECIATION) 
 
 -

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 
 
 -

Weighted average common Shares outstanding 

Net investment income (loss) per common Share (basic and diluted) (1)

- 

Earnings (loss) per common Share (basic and diluted) (1)

- 

(1) 

See
accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

70 

WELLINGS
 REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

Period From 
 March 30, 
 2022 

Year Ended 
 (Organization 
 of Fund) to 

March 31, 
 2023 
 March 31, 
 2022 
 
 DECREASE IN NET ASSETS FROM OPERATIONS: 

Net investment loss 
 
 -

Net change in unrealized appreciation 
 
 -

NET DECREASE IN
 NET ASSETS FROM OPERATIONS 
 
 -

DISTRIBUTIONS TO SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 -

CAPITAL TRANSACTIONS: 

Proceeds from Shares sold 

Reinvestment of distributions 
 
 - 

NET INCREASE IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM CAPITAL TRANSACTIONS 

NET INCREASE IN NET ASSETS 

NET ASSETS: 

Beginning of year 
 
 -

End of year 

CAPITAL SHARE TRANSACTIONS: 

Shares sold 

Reinvestment of distributions 
 
 -

NET INCREASE IN SHARES RESULTING FROM CAPITAL SHARE TRANSACTIONS 

SHARES: 

Beginning of year 
 
 -

End of year 

See
accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

71 

WELLINGS
 REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 

STATEMENTS
 OF CASH FLOWS 

Period From 
 March 30, 
 2022 

Year Ended 
 (Organization 
 of Fund) to 

March 31, 
 2023 
 March 31, 
 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Decrease in Net Assets from Operations 
 
 -

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Decrease in Net Assets from Operations to Net Cash Used in Operating Activities: 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of investments 
 
 -

Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation 
 
 -

Increase in offering costs 

Amortization of deferred offering costs 
 
 -

Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: 

(Increase)/decrease in receivable from Adviser for reimbursement of organizational expense and offering costs 

Increase/(decrease) in payable to Adviser 

Increase/(decrease) in professional fees payable 
 
 -

Increase/(decrease) in incentive fee payable 
 
 -

Increase/(decrease) in directors and officers expense payable 
 
 -

Increase/(decrease) in other payables 
 
 -

Net Cash used in Operating Activities 
 
 -

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from Shares sold 

Cash distributions paid, net of reinvestments 
 
 -

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: 

Beginning of Year 
 
 -

End of Year 

Supplemental Schedule of Non-cash Financing Activity: 

Reinvestments of distributions 
 
 -

See
accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

72 

WELLINGS REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS OF MARCH 31, 2023 

of the Fund s net assets (plus any amount of borrowings for investment purposes) in a portfolio of
real estate and real estate-related investments, which will consist of the following primary asset classes: acquiring limited partnership LP equity securities issued by entities that invest in manufactured housing communities MHCs ), self-storage
facilities, industrial real estate, recreational vehicle parks, and/or multifamily residences, as well as any other commercial real estate
assets, throughout the United States indirectly through the Fund s ownership in funds, pooled investment vehicles, and syndications
controlled by such entities that own such real estate interests and that qualify as eligible portfolio companies under the 1940 Act, collectively
the Targeted Assets . 

The Fund was seeded on March 30, 2022, with
an initial capital contribution of . The Fund commenced operations on July 1, 2022, and as of March 31, 2023, the Fund
had made investments totaling in qualified investment opportunities, as defined by the Fund s Form
10. The organizational and offering costs are subject to reimbursement by the Fund, and the Fund was required to begin reimbursing
the Adviser upon reaching million in investor subscriptions, which was achieved during the year ended March 31, 2023. The Fund
will continue to reimburse the Adviser during the next few operational quarters until the full reimbursement amount is paid. 

The Adviser is actively evaluating opportunities to
invest in other qualifying investments commensurate with the Fund s available equity capital. 

and cash equivalents in the
amount of . The cash equivalents consist of a Fidelity US Government Money Market Portfolio Fund with a quoted
seven-day annualized yield as of March 31, 2023. The Fund periodically evaluates the creditworthiness of institutions and has not
experienced any losses on such deposits. 

73 

74 

Preferred Equity 
 -
 
 -

-

Total Investments 
 -
 
 -

N/A 
 N/A

Preferred Equity 

Total 

N/A 
 N/A 

- 

- 

N/A 
 N/A 

75 

of the company s capital and/or has the power to exercise control over the
management or policies of the company Control Investments ). Affiliate investments generally are defined by the 1940 Act
as investments in companies in which a fund owns between and of the company s capital Affiliate Investments ).
The activity resulting from Affiliate Investments and Control Investments, including as applicable; interest income, dividend income,
fee income, as well as realized and unrealized gains and losses, is identified in the Statements of Operations. A listing of these investments
(including activity for the year ended March 31, 2023) is shown below: 

-
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Great Escapes RV Fund IV, L.P. (1) 
 -
 
 N/A (2)
 
 -

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

LBX Deptford Investors LLC (1) 
 -
 
 N/A (2)
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

LBX Mount Prospect Investors LLC (1) 
 -
 
 N/A (2)
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

Post Sandstone Partners LLC (1) 
 -
 
 N/A (2)
 
 -

-
 
 -

TC-BKM US Industrial Fund I, L.P. (1) 
 -
 
 N/A (2)
 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Total Non-Control/Affiliate Investments 

-

-
 
 -

Control/Affiliate Investments: 

Crystal View Capital Fund IV, L.P. (1) 
 -
 
 N/A (2)
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

Total Control/Affiliate Investments 

-

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

Total Non-Control/Affiliate and Control/Affiliate Investments 

-

-
 
 -

of the company s total assets. As of March 31, 2023, the
Fund does not hold any non-qualifying assets. 

. 

. 

76 

of the Fund s
average daily Targeted Assets during such period (the Management Fee ). 

The Adviser is eligible to receive an incentive
fee consisting of an income-based component and a capital gains component, each as described below (the Incentive Fee ).
The Incentive Fee amount, or the calculations pertaining thereto, as appropriate, is pro-rated for any period less than a full calendar
quarter or year, as applicable. There are no catch-up provisions applicable
to income-based Incentive Fees under this Agreement. The portion of the Incentive Fee based on capital-gains is payable at the end of
each calendar year in arrears, equals of cumulative realized capital gains from the date of the Fund s election to be regulated
as a BDC to the end of each calendar year, less cumulative net realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation. 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, there was of
Incentive Fee accrued and in Management Fee was earned as presented on the Statements of Operations. 

since inception. As of March 31, 2023, the Fund has incurred total
offering costs in the amount of since inception which have been recorded and accounted for as a deferred asset and consist
primarily of legal fees in connection with the Fund s registration and public offering. Since the Fund s shares are offered
through a continuous offering, deferred offering costs are amortized over the 12 months beginning with the first sale of Shares in July
of 2022. Offering costs, organizational expense and expenses of the Fund s administrator and the Adviser that are eligible for reimbursement
by the Fund will be reasonably allocated to the Fund on the basis of time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings,
a combination thereof or other reasonable methods determined by the administrator. The Fund was only required to reimburse the Adviser
for any organizational expenses and offering costs upon the Fund s receipt of million in investor subscriptions, which occurred
in January of 2023. As of March 31, 2023, the Fund s offering costs and organizational expense since inception in the amounts of and
 , respectively, are subject to reimbursement from the Adviser. As of and for the year ended March 31, 2023, the Adviser has recouped
organizational expense in the amount of and has not recouped any offering costs since inception. 

million (the Private Offering from suitable investors. The Adviser reserves the right in
its sole discretion to accept additional purchases of Shares of up to million (for a maximum initial Offering of million). 

The Fund expects to enter into separate subscription
agreements with a number of investors in the Private Offerings. To purchase Shares in the Private Offerings, an investor must complete
and sign a subscription agreement for a specific dollar amount equal to or greater than and pay such amount at the time of
subscription. Subscriptions will be effective only upon the Fund s acceptance, and the Fund reserves the right to reject any subscription
in whole or in part. All purchases will be made at a per-share price as determined by the Board (including any committee thereof). The
per-share price shall be at least equal to the net asset value per share, as calculated within no more than 48 hours of share issuance,
in accordance with the requirement contained under Section 23 of the 1940 Act. The Board (including any committee thereof) may set
the per-share price above the net asset value per share based on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, to ensure that investors
acquiring Shares in the Fund after other investors have already done so are apportioned their pro rata portion of the Fund s organizational
expense and offering costs. Prior to a Liquidity Event (defined below), no investor who participated in the Private Offerings will be
permitted to sell, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of its Shares unless the Fund provides its prior written consent, and the transfer
is otherwise made in accordance with applicable law. 

In addition, at the discretion of the Board, the
Fund may provide liquidity to investors by one or more Liquidity Events. A Liquidity Event means, at the discretion of the
Board a sale of all or substantially all of the Fund s assets. However, since the Fund expects that many of the operators and managers
of the entities that constitute the Targeted Assets may determine to liquidate the Targeted Assets prior to a contemplated Liquidity Event
of the Fund, no sale of all or substantially all of the Targeted Assets may be necessary to return investors investments. The Fund
will only consider a Liquidity Event only if the terms of such Liquidity Event will be in the Fund s investors best interests. 

77 

- of its net assets. The Fund has adopted a distribution
reinvestment plan (the DRIP whereby shareholders may have their distributions automatically reinvested in additional Shares
from which such distributions were derived. Shareholders who wish to participate in the DRIP must opt-in and will not automatically be
enrolled. The Fund reserves the right to amend, suspend or terminate the distribution reinvestment plan at any time. 

The following table summarizes The Fund s
distributions during the year ended March 31, 2023: 

2/1/2023 

3/1/2023 

Total 

, , and , respectively. 

The Fund made monthly distributions on April
24, 2023, May 22, 2023, and June 22, 2023 in the amounts of , , and , respectively, based on an
annualized rate of approximately of its net assets. The April 24, 2023, May 22, 2023, and June 22, 2023 distributions
resulted in , , and respectively, being paid to investors in cash and , , and ,
respectively, being reinvested into the Fund. 

Net Investment Loss (1) 

() 
 
 Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) (1) 

Net Decrease in Net Assets Resulting from Operations (1) 

() 
 
 Distributions Declared (1) 

() 
 
 Accretion of Share Issuances (at per share) (1) 

Net Asset Value, End of Year 

Total Return 

() 
 
 Supplemental Data: 

Net Assets, End of Year 

Ratios to Average Net Assets: 

Gross Expenses Before Reimbursement/Recoupment 

Net Expenses After Reimbursement/Recoupment 

Net Investment Loss 

() 
 
 Portfolio Turnover Rate 

-

78 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

NONE. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

NONE. 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company s
management, under the direction, supervision, and involvement of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has
carried out an evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this report, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
 Exchange Act )) of the Company. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have
concluded that disclosure controls and procedures in place at the Company are effective to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in the Company s Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to
the Company s management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based closely on the definition of
 disclosure controls and procedures in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

The Company s Adviser
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the direction, supervision and participation of the Company s Adviser,
including our Chief Financial Officer and fund manager, the Company s management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company s
internal controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to temporary rules for non-accelerated filers by the Securities and Exchange Commission permitting the company to provide
only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

No changes to our internal
control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). 

Item
9B. Other Information 

NoNE. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
Applicable. 

79 

PART III. 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Board of Trustees and Executive Officers 

The Fund s business and affairs are managed
under the direction of the Board. The Board consists of 3 members, 2 of whom are Independent Trustees. The Board appoints the Fund s
officers, who serve at the discretion of the Board. The responsibilities of the Board include quarterly determinations of the fair value
of the Fund s assets, corporate governance activities, oversight of the Fund s financing arrangements and oversight of the
Fund s investment activities. 

The Board s role in management of the Fund
is one of oversight. Oversight of the Fund s investment activities extends to oversight of the risk management processes employed
by the Investment Adviser as part of its day-to-day management of the Fund s investment activities. The Board anticipates reviewing
risk management processes at both regular and special board meetings throughout the year, consulting with appropriate representatives
of the Investment Adviser as necessary and periodically receiving or requesting the production of risk management reports or presentations.
The Board s risk oversight function is designed to ensure that the risks associated with the Fund s investment activities
are accurately identified, thoroughly investigated and appropriately addressed. Investors should note, however, that the Board s
oversight function cannot eliminate all risks or ensure that particular events do not adversely affect the value of the Fund s investments. 

The Board has established an Audit Committee,
and the Board may establish additional committees from time to time as necessary. The scope of each committee s is discussed in
greater details below. 

The Board does not have a lead Independent Trustee.
The Fund is aware of the potential conflicts that may arise when a non-Independent Trustee is Chairman of the Board, but believe these
potential conflicts are mitigated by the Fund s strong corporate governance practices. The Fund s corporate governance practices
include regular meetings of the Independent Directors in executive session without the presence of Interested Trustees and management,
the establishment of an Audit Committee, which is comprised solely of Independent Trustees, and the appointment of a Chief Compliance
Officer, with whom the Independent Trustees meet without the presence of interested trustees and other members of management, for administering
the Fund s compliance policies and procedures. 

Paul Moore, an Interested Trustee, serves as Chairman
of the Board. The Board believes that it is in the best interests of the Fund s investors for Mr. Moore to lead the Board because
Mr. Moore s relationship with the Investment Adviser provides an effective liaison between the Board and management, and encourages
an open dialogue between management and the Board, ensuring that these groups act with a common purpose. The Board believes that its leadership
structure is appropriate because the structure allocates areas of responsibility among the individual trustees and the committees in a
manner that enhances effective oversight. The Board also believes that its small size creates an efficient corporate governance structure
that provides opportunity for direct communication and interaction between management, the Investment Adviser and the Board. 

Each trustee will hold office for the term to
which he or she is elected or appointed and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies, or until his or her earlier death,
resignation, retirement, disqualification, or removal. Under the Declaration of Trust, the Fund is not required to hold annual meetings. 

80 

Trustees 

The following information regarding the Board
is as of March 31, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 Position 
 Director Since 
 Principal Occupation During Past 5 Years 
 
 Interested Trustee 

Paul T. Moore 
 59 
 Chairman of the Board 
 2022 
 Managing Partner, Wellings Capital 
 
 Independent Directors 

Nathan D. Goad 
 40 
 Trustee 
 2022 
 Investment Adviser 
 
 Norman J. Cerk 
 52 
 Trustee 
 2022 
 Family Office Manager 

The address for Paul Moore, Nathan Goad, and Norman
Cerk is c/o Wellings Capital Management, LLC, 14805 Forest Road, Suite 203, Forest, VA 24551. 

Executive Officers Who Are Not Trustees 

The following information regarding the Fund s
executive officers who are not trustees is as of March 31, 2023: 

Name 

Age 

Position 
 
 Benjamin P. Kahle 
 
 29 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Adrienne Y. Hart 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Compliance Officer 

The address for each of the Fund s executive
officers is c/o Wellings Capital Management, LLC, 14805 Forest Road, Suite 203, Forest, VA 24551. 

Biographies 

Paul Moore 

Mr. Moore began investing in real estate in 2000.
He founded multiple investment and development companies, appeared on HGTV, and completed over 100 residential and commercial investments
and exits. He contributed to Fox Business and The Real Estate Guys Radio and is a featured contributor to BiggerPockets, producing regular
video and blog content. Mr. Moore co-hosted a wealth-building podcast called How to Lose Money and he s been featured on over 200
podcasts. Mr. Moore is the author of The Perfect Investment Create Enduring Wealth from the Historic Shift to Multifamily Housing
(2016) as well as Storing Up Profits Capitalize on America s Obsession with Stuff by Investing in Self-Storage (BiggerPockets
Publishing 2021). Mr. Moore is the Founder and Managing Partner of the Investment Adviser. Mr. Moore holds a B.S. in engineering from
Marietta College and an M.B.A. from The Ohio State University. 

81 

Nathan D. Goad 

Mr. Goad is a partner of Sparta Wealth Partners,
a multi-family office in Tampa, Florida and has over 10 years of experience in the finance industry. Mr. Goad s focus is on investment
management, entity structuring, and tax planning. Mr. Goad is a Certified Financial Planner (CFP ). Mr. Goad holds an A.A. from Florida
College, a B.A. from Palm Beach Atlantic University, and an M.B.A. from the University of South Florida. 

Norman J. Cerk 

Mr.
Cerk began his career as an analyst and trader at Svarna Capital Offshore Fund. He was also a trader and Co-Portfolio Manager for Hollis
Capital, a long-short hedge fund. At Balestra Capital, he was a partner, the firm s head trader and Co-Portfolio Manager Co-Founder
of the firm s fund of funds, Balestra Spectrum Partners, as well as the firm s flagship global macro hedge fund, Balestra
Capital Partners (BCP). BCP was one of the top-performing hedge funds from 1998-2014, sidestepping and profiting from the Dot Com bubble
implosion and the Great Financial Crisis. The fund grew its assets from 2 million to over 2 billion in assets under management through
contrarian and asymmetric investments in Russian equities post default, shorting the subprime housing bubble through the purchase of credit
default swap protection, and betting on the widening of credit swap spreads in troubled European countries such as Greece and Portugal.
Since retiring from Balestra in 2014, he has managed his family s investment office and has actively invested in passive real estate
investments as a limited partner since 2015. He has also served as an advisory board member for the International Center of Photography s
Education Department and more recently on the University of Wisconsin s Division of International Studies Advisory Board where he
and his wife have set up a scholarship fund for UW students studying abroad. Mr. Cerk holds a B.A. from the University of Wisconsin 
Madison. 

Benjamin P. Kahle 

Mr. Kahle is Chief Operating Officer of the Investment
Adviser and in such capacity oversees operator due diligence and provides leadership to the investor relations and portfolio management
teams. Mr. Kahle has made significant contributions to almost every aspect of the firm s operations including designing and implementing
processes for every major part of the business. He has worked with Mr. Moore, founding partner, since the firm s inception, and
the two have been working together in various capacities since 2014. Before joining Wellings Capital, Mr. Kahle became a realtor in his
junior year of university. Mr. Kahle holds a B.A. in Business Administration from Liberty University. 

Adrienne Y. Hart 

Ms.
Hart is President of Pine Street Financial Group, Inc., a compliance and risk management consultancy based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
serving financial services clients. In her capacity as president, Ms. Hart works closely with clients to assist with their regulatory
and risk management compliance requirements. She has established several compliance programs for startup ventures, including a compliance
program for a wholesaling broker-dealer associated with a sponsor of alternative investments. This firm raised over 2.5 billion in assets
in just over two years. Ms. Hart has extensive experience across all aspects of financial services organizations, with expertise in legal,
compliance, operations, and marketing. 

Before
joining Wellings Capital and Pine Street Financial Group, Ms. Hart served as Senior Vice President of an investment management firm and
Senior Vice President of the capital markets division of a regional bank. Ms. Hart holds a B.A. from Sarah Lawrence College and earned
her law degree from Temple University School of Law. She has held FINRA Series 4, 7, 24, 27, 53 and 63 securities licenses. Ms. Hart is
62 years old. 

Trustees 

The Fund s trustees have been divided into
two groups Interested Trustees and Independent Trustees. An Interested Trustee is an interested person as defined
in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 

82 

Interested Trustees 

Paul T. Moore 

Independent Trustees 

Nathan D. Goad 

Norman J. Cerk 

Executive Officers Who Are Not Trustees 

Benjamin P. Kahle 

Adrienne Y. Hart 

Board Leadership Structure 

The Board monitors and performs an oversight role
with respect to the Fund s business and affairs, including with respect to the Fund s investment practices and performance,
compliance with regulatory requirements and the services, expenses and performance of the Fund s service providers. Among other
things, the Board approves the appointment of the Investment Adviser and officers, reviews and monitors the services and activities performed
by the Investment Adviser and executive officers, and approves the engagement and reviews the performance of the Fund s independent
registered public accounting firm. 

Under the Bylaws, the Board may designate a Chairman,
by majority vote of the Trustees, to preside over the meetings of the Board and meetings of the Shareholders and to perform such other
duties as may be assigned to him by the Board. The Fund does not have a fixed policy as to whether the Chairman of the Board should be
an Independent Director to maintain the flexibility to select the Chairman and reorganize the leadership structure, from time to time,
based on criteria that are in the Fund s best interests and the Shareholders at such times. 

Presently, Paul Moore serves as the Chairman of
the Board. Mr. Moore is an interested person of the Fund as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act because he presently
serves on the Investment Committee. The Fund believes that Mr. Moore s extensive knowledge of the financial services industry and
20+ year experience with in private real estate investing qualifies him to serve as the Chairman of the Board. The Fund believes that
it is best served through this existing leadership structure, as Mr. Moore s relationship with the Investment Adviser provides an
effective liaison and encourages an open dialogue between management and the Board, enabling both groups to act with a common purpose. 

The Funds recognizes that different board leadership
structures are appropriate for companies in different situations. The Fund intends to re-examine its corporate governance policies on
an ongoing basis to ensure that they continue to meet the Fund s needs. 

Board s Role In Risk Oversight 

The Board performs its risk oversight function
primarily through (a) its standing Audit Committee, which reports to the entire Board and is comprised solely of Independent Trustees,
and (b) active monitoring by the Chief Compliance Officer and of the Fund s compliance policies and procedures and related reporting
to the Board. 

As described below in more detail under Committees
of the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its risk oversight responsibilities. The Audit
Committee s risk oversight responsibilities include overseeing the internal audit staff, if any, accounting and financial reporting
processes, the Fund s valuation process, the Fund s systems of internal controls regarding finance and accounting and audits
of the Fund s financial statements. 

The Board also performs its risk oversight responsibilities
with the assistance of the Chief Compliance Officer. The Board will annually review a written report from the Chief Compliance Officer
discussing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Fund s compliance policies and procedures and the Fund s service providers.
The Chief Compliance Officer s annual report will address, at a minimum, (a) the operation of the Fund s compliance policies
and procedures and its service providers since the last report; (b) any material changes to such policies and procedures since the last
report; (c) any recommendations for material changes to such policies and procedures as a result of the Chief Compliance Officer s
annual review; and (d) any compliance matter that has occurred since the date of the last report about which the Board would reasonably
need to know to oversee the Fund s compliance activities and risks. In addition, the Chief Compliance Officer will meet separately
in executive session with the Independent Directors at least once each year. 

83 

The Fund believes that the Board s role
in risk oversight is effective, and appropriate given the extensive regulation to which the Fund is already subject as a BDC. As a BDC,
the Fund is required to comply with certain regulatory requirements that control the levels of risk in its business and operations. For
example, the Fund s ability to incur indebtedness is limited such that its asset coverage generally must equal at least 150 immediately
after each time the Fund incurs indebtedness. In addition, the Fund generally must have to invest at least 70 of its total assets in
 qualifying assets and the Fund is generally limited in its ability to invest in any portfolio company which the Investment
Adviser or any of its controlled affiliates currently has an investment, or to make any co-investments with the Investment Adviser or
any of its affiliates, including funds managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates, subject to certain exceptions. In certain
cases, co-investments are not permitted unless the Fund has received exemptive relief from the SEC. Currently, the Fund does not intend
to submit an application for co-investment relief from the SEC, however, the Fund may do so in the future. There is no assurance that
an application for exemptive relief would be granted by the SEC. 

The Fund recognizes that different board roles
in risk oversight are appropriate for companies in different situations. The Fund intends to re-examine the manners in which the Board
administers its oversight function on an ongoing basis to ensure that they continue to meet the Fund s needs. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

The Board has established an Audit Committee and
may establish additional committees in the future. The Fund requires each director to make a diligent effort to attend all Board and committee
meetings as well as each annual meeting of the Shareholders. To the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, Board and committee
meetings as well as annual meetings of the Shareholders may be conducted telephonically or by video conference. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee is currently composed of two
individuals, and both are considered Independent Trustees. Nathan Goad serves as Chair of the Audit Committee. Mr. Goad meets the current
independence and experience requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a charter approved
by the Board, which sets forth the responsibilities of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee s responsibilities include establishing
guidelines and making recommendations to the Board regarding the valuation of the Fund s investments; selecting the Fund s
independent registered public accounting firm; reviewing with such independent registered public accounting firm the planning, scope and
results of their audit of the Fund s financial statements; pre-approving the fees for services performed; reviewing with the independent
registered public accounting firm the adequacy of internal control systems; reviewing the Fund s annual financial statements; overseeing
internal audit staff, if any, and periodic filings; and receiving the Fund s audit reports and financial statements. 

Portfolio Management 

The management of the Fund s investment
portfolio is the responsibility of the Investment Adviser and the Investment Committee. The Investment Committee is chaired by Benjamin
P. Kahle, and the other members of the Investment Committee are Paul T. Moore, and Nathan D. Goad. A majority of members of the Investment
Committee, which must include the Chief Operating Officer, must approve each new investment that the Fund makes. The biography for the
member of the Investment Committee portfolio management team and/or Investment Committee is included above in the Trustees 
section. 

Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and the disclosure requirements of Item 405 of SEC Regulation S-K require that our directors and executive officers,
and any persons holding more than 10 of any class of our equity securities report their ownership of such equity securities and any subsequent
changes in that ownership to the SEC and to us. 

Based on a review of the written statements and
copies of such reports furnished to us by our executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners, we believe that during
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable have been satisfied. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Code of Ethics, which is signed by employees
of the Adviser, requires that requires that directors and executive officers avoid any conflict, or the appearance of a conflict, between
an individual s personal interests and the interests of the Company. 

Pursuant to the Code of Ethics which is filed
alongside this 10-K, each director and executive officer must disclose any conflicts of interest, or actions or relationships that might
give rise to a conflict, to the CCO. Certain actions or relationships that might give rise to a conflict of interest are reviewed and
approved by the Board. The Code of Ethics also contains our policies and procedures relating to insider trading and material non-public
information. 

Nomination of Directors 

There have been no material changes to the nominated
Board of Directors implemented since the inception of the Fund. 

84 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation of Executive Officers 

None of the Fund s officers receive direct
compensation from the Fund. The Fund has agreed to reimburse the Advisor for the Fund s allocable portion of the compensation paid
to or compensatory distributions received by the Fund s officers, including its Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
and any of their respective staff who provide services to the Fund, operations staff who provide services to the Fund, and internal audit
staff, if any, to the extent internal audit performs a role in the Fund s Sarbanes-Oxley internal control assessment. In addition,
to the extent that the Advisor outsources any of its functions, the Fund will pay the fees associated with such functions at cost. The
Fund will agree to reimburse the Advisor for its allocable portion of the compensation of any personnel that it provides for the Fund s
use. 

Compensation of Independent Trustees 

The Independent Trustees annual fee will
be 32,000. The Independent Trustees also receive reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending
each regular Board meeting, each special meeting and each committee meeting attended. No compensation is expected to be paid to directors
who are interested persons with respect to the Fund, as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. The Chairman
of the Audit Committee will receive an additional 8,000 annually. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

In conjunction with the Fund s formation,
certain affiliates of the Investment Adviser purchased 200,000 in Shares of the Company. Certain affiliates of the Investment Adviser
have since purchased additional Shares. The Shares were sold in reliance upon the available exemptions from registration requirements
of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

The following table sets forth certain ownership
information with respect to shares of the Fund s Shares of beneficial interest for those persons who directly or indirectly own,
control or hold with the power to vote five percent or more of the Fund s Shares and all officers and directors, as a group. 

Type of 
 Percentage of Common Shares Outstanding 
 
 Name and address 
 ownership 
 Shares owned 
 Percentage 
 
 Benjamin P. Kahle (1) 
 Record 
 100.00 
 0.3 
 
 Paul T. Moore (1) 
 Record 
 276.84 
 0.9 
 
 Nathan D. Goad (1) 
 N/A 

Norman J. Cerk (1) 
 N/A 

Adrienne Y. Hart (1) 
 N/A 

Represents less than 1.0 . 

(1) The address for each of the Fund s officers and directors is c/o Wellings Capital Management, LLC,
14805 Forest Road, Suite 203, Forest, VA 24551. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

We have procedures in place for the review,
approval, and monitoring of transactions involving us and certain persons related to us. As disclosed in various filings with the
SEC, Wellings Capital Management has served as the Company s investment advisor since the Fund s inception under an
Investment Advisory Agreement that took effect May 2, 2022. The Investment Advisory Agreement was approved by the Fund s
organizational board meeting that took place in March 2022. The value of the Investment Advisory Agreement was determined based on a
management fee. The amount of management fees paid to Wellings Capital Management for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, under
the Investment Advisory Agreement was 112,166. 

85 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT
FEES AND SERVICES 

(fiscal year ended
March 31, 2023) 

The following aggregate
fees by RSM US LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 were billed
to the Company for work attributable to audit, tax and other services. 

RSM US LLP Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 
 
 Audit Fees 
 210,410 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 33,066 
 
 Total Fees: 
 243,476 

Services rendered by
RSM US LLP in connection with fees presented above were as follows: 

Audit Fees. Audit
fees include fees for services that normally would be provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or
engagements and that generally only the independent accountant can provide. In addition to fees for the audit of our annual financial
statements, the audit of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and the review of our quarterly financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, this category contains fees for comfort letters, statutory audits,
consents, and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit
related fees are assurance related services that traditionally are performed by the independent accountant, such as attest services that
are not required by statute or regulation. 

Tax Fees. Tax
fees include professional fees for tax compliance and tax advice. 

All Other Fees. Fees
for other services would include fees related to the Fund s registration statement. 

86 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
Description 
 
 3.01 
 
 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust 
 
 3.02 
 
 Bylaws
(filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Fund s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on May 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.01 
 
 Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56432) filed on August 1, 2022). 
 
 10.01 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56432) filed on August 1, 2022). 
 
 10.02 
 
 Administration Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56432) filed on August 1, 2022). 
 
 10.03 
 
 Custody Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56432) filed on August 1, 2022). 
 
 10.04 
 
 Escrow Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56432) filed on August 1, 2022). 
 
 10.05 
 
 Quarterly Report filed on February 14, 2023 (000-56432). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Documents Filed as Part of this Report 

The following financial statements are set forth in Item 8: 

Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of March
31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 

Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 

Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 

Schedule of Investments as of March 31, 2023 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

87 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Wellings Real Estate Income Fund 

By: 
 /s/ Paul T. Moore 

Paul T. Moore 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 June 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Benjamin P. Kahle 

Benjamin P. Kahle 

Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
 June 29, 2023 

88 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. 

/s/ Paul T.
 Moore 
 
 /s/ Benjamin P. Kahle 
 
 Paul T.
 Moore 

Benjamin P. Kahle 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer 

Signing on behalf of the registrant and as principal executive officer 
 
 Signing on behalf of the registrant and as principal financial officer 

Date: 
 June 29, 2023 
 
 Date: 
 June 29, 2023 

/s/ Paul T. Moore 
 
 /s/ Norman J. Cerk 
 
 Paul T. Moore 

Norman J. Cerk 

Trustee 

Trustee 

Date: 
 June 29, 2023 
 
 Date: 
 June 29, 2023 

Signing on behalf of the registrant as a trustee 
 
 Signing on behalf of the registrant as a trustee 

/s/ Nathan D. Goad 

Nathan D. Goad 

Trustee 

Date: 
 June 29, 2023 

Signing on behalf of the registrant as a trustee 

89 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 ea156485_ex3-01.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST

Exhibit 3.01 

WELLINGS REAL ESTATE INCOME
FUND 

AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT
AND DECLARATION OF TRUST 

Dated as of July 13, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I The Trust 
 
 1 

Section 1.1 
 Name 
 1 

Section 1.2 
 Trust Purpose 
 1 

Section 1.3 
 Definitions 
 1 

ARTICLE II Board of Trustees 
 3 

Section 2.1 
 Number and Qualification 
 3 

Section 2.2 
 Term and Election 
 3 

Section 2.3 
 Resignation and Removal 
 3 

Section 2.4 
 Vacancies 
 3 

Section 2.5 
 Meetings 
 4 

Section 2.6 
 Trustee Action by Written Consent 
 4 

Section 2.7 
 Officers 
 4 

Section 2.8 
 Principal Transactions 
 4 

ARTICLE III Powers and Duties of Trustees 
 5 

Section 3.1 
 General 
 5 

Section 3.2 
 Investments 
 5 

Section 3.3 
 Legal Title 
 5 

Section 3.4 
 Issuance and Repurchase of Shares 
 5 

Section 3.5 
 Borrow Money or Utilize Leverage 
 5 

Section 3.6 
 Delegation; Committees 
 6 

Section 3.7 
 Collection and Payment 
 6 

Section 3.8 
 By-Laws 
 6 

Section 3.9 
 Miscellaneous Powers 
 6 

Section 3.10 
 Further Powers 
 6 

Section 3.11 
 Sole Discretion; Good Faith; Corporate Opportunities of Adviser 
 6 

ARTICLE IV Fees and Expenses; Advisory, Management and Distribution Arrangements 
 7 

Section 4.1 
 Expenses 
 7 

Section 4.2 
 Advisory and Management Arrangements 
 7 

Section 4.3 
 Distribution Arrangements 
 7 

Section 4.4 
 Parties to Contract 
 8 

ARTICLE V Limitations of Liability and Indemnification 
 8 

Section 5.1 
 No Personal Liability of Shareholders, Trustees, etc 
 8 

Section 5.2 
 Mandatory Indemnification 
 8 

Section 5.3 
 No Bond Required of Trustees 
 9 

Section 5.4 
 No Duty of Investigation; No Notice in Trust Instruments, etc 
 9 

Section 5.5 
 Reliance on Experts, etc 
 9 

ARTICLE VI Shares of Beneficial Interest 
 10 

Section 6.1 
 Beneficial Interest 
 10 

Section 6.2 
 Other Securities 
 10 

Section 6.3 
 Rights of Shareholders 
 10 

Section 6.4 
 Trust Only 
 10 

Section 6.5 
 Issuance of Shares 
 10 

Section 6.6 
 Register of Shares 
 11 

Section 6.7 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 11 

Section 6.8 
 Transfer of Shares 
 11 

Section 6.9 
 Notices 
 11 

Section 6.10 
 Derivative Actions 
 11 

ARTICLE VII Custodians 
 12 

Section 7.1 
 Appointment and Duties 
 12 

Section 7.2 
 Central Certificate System 
 12 

ARTICLE VIII Redemption 
 13 

Section 8.1 
 Redemptions 
 13 

Section 8.2 
 Disclosure of Holding 
 13 

Section 8.3 
 Redemption by Trust 
 13 

ARTICLE IX Net Asset Value and Distributions 
 13 

Section 9.1 
 Net Asset Value 
 13 

Section 9.2 
 Distributions to Shareholders 
 13 

Section 9.3 
 Power to Modify Foregoing Procedures 
 14 

ARTICLE X Shareholders 
 14 

Section 10.1 
 Meetings of Shareholders 
 14 

Section 10.2 
 Voting 
 14 

Section 10.3 
 Notice of Meeting and Record Date 
 14 

Section 10.4 
 Quorum and Required Vote 
 15 

Section 10.5 
 Proxies, etc 
 15 

Section 10.6 
 Reports 
 15 

Section 10.7 
 Inspection of Records 
 15 

Section 10.8 
 Delivery by Electronic Transmission or Otherwise 
 15 

Section 10.9 
 Shareholder Action by Written Consent 
 15 

ARTICLE XI Wind Down; Amendment; Mergers, Etc 
 16 

Section 11.1 
 Wind Down 
 16 

Section 11.2 
 Amendment Procedure 
 16 

Section 11.3 
 [Intentionally omitted] 
 16 

Section 11.4 
 Subsidiaries 
 16 

Section 11.5 
 Certain Transactions 
 17 

ARTICLE XII The Delaware Trustee 
 17 

Section 12.1 
 Purpose of Appointment 
 17 

Section 12.2 
 Duties 
 17 

Section 12.3 
 Removal 
 18 

Section 12.4 
 Merger 
 18 

Section 12.5 
 Liability 
 18 

Section 12.6 
 Successors 
 19 

Section 12.7 
 Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses 
 19 

ARTICLE XIII Miscellaneous 
 19 

Section 13.1 
 Filing 
 19 

Section 13.2 
 Governing Law 
 20 

Section 13.3 
 Exclusive Delaware Jurisdiction 
 20 

Section 13.4 
 Counterparts 
 20 

Section 13.5 
 Reliance by Third Parties 
 21 

Section 13.6 
 Provisions in Conflict with Law or Regulation 
 21 

WELLINGS REAL ESTATE INCOME
FUND 

AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT
AND DECLARATION OF TRUST 

AGREEMENT AND DECLARATION OF TRUST made
as of the 2 nd day of May 2022, by the Board of Trustees hereunder and The Corporation Trust Company, as Delaware trustee. 

WHEREAS, this Trust has been formed to carry on business as
set forth more particularly hereinafter; 

WHEREAS, this Trust is authorized to issue
an unlimited number of its shares of beneficial interest all in accordance with the provisions hereinafter set forth; 

WHEREAS, the Trustees have agreed to
manage all property coming into their hands as Trustees of a Delaware statutory trust in accordance with the provisions hereinafter set
forth; 

WHEREAS, the parties hereto intend that
the Trust shall constitute a statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute and that this Declaration and the By-laws shall
constitute the governing instrument of such statutory trust; 

WHEREAS, the parties hereto entered
into that certain agreement and declaration of trust, dated as of May 2, 2022, (the Initial Declaration ); and 

WHEREAS, this Declaration amends and restates the Initial
Declaration on its entirety. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Trustees hereby
declare that they will hold all cash, securities, and other assets which they may from time to time acquire in any manner as Trustees
hereunder IN TRUST to manage and dispose of the same upon the following terms and conditions for the benefit of the holders from time
to time of shares of beneficial interest in this Trust as hereinafter set forth. 

ARTICLE I 

The Trust 

Section 1.1 Name . This Trust
shall be known as the Wellings Real Estate Income Fund, and the Trustees shall conduct the business of the Trust under that
name or any other name or names as they may from time to time determine. Any name change shall become effective upon the execution by
a majority of the then Trustees of an instrument setting forth the new name and the filing of a certificate of amendment pursuant to Section
3810(b) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute (as defined below). Any such instrument shall not require the approval of the Shareholders,
but shall have the status of an amendment to this Declaration. 

Section 1.2 Trust Purpose .
The purpose of the Trust is to conduct, operate and carry on the business of a business development company within the meaning of the
1940 Act (as defined below). In furtherance of the foregoing, it shall be the purpose of the Trust to do everything necessary, suitable,
convenient or proper for the conduct, promotion and attainment of any businesses and purposes which at any time may be incidental or may
appear conducive or expedient for the accomplishment of the business of a business development company regulated under the 1940 Act and
which may be engaged in or carried on by a trust organized under the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, and in connection therewith the
Trust shall have the power and authority to engage in the foregoing and may exercise all of the powers conferred by the laws of the State
of Delaware upon a Delaware statutory trust. 

Section 1.3 Definitions .
As used in this Declaration, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

The 1940 Act refers
to the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and exemptions granted therefrom, as amended
from time to time. 

1 

The terms Affiliated Person ,
 Assignment , Commission , Interested Person and Principal Underwriter 
shall have the meanings given them in the 1940 Act. 

Adviser shall
mean Wellings Capital Management, LLC or an affiliated successor in interest thereto. If the Adviser no longer serves as the investment
adviser to the Trust, the rights of the Adviser in this Declaration will become the rights of the Trustees. 

Board of Trustees shall mean the Trustees
collectively. 

By-Laws shall mean the By-Laws of the
Trust as amended from time to time by the Trustees. 

Code shall mean
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Commission shall mean the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

Continuing Trustee 
shall mean any member of the Board of Trustees who either (a) has been a member of the Board of Trustees for a period of at least thirty-six
months (or since the date hereof, if less than thirty-six months) or (b) was nominated to serve as a member of the Board of Trustees by
a majority of the Continuing Trustees then members of the Board of Trustees. 

Declaration shall
mean this Agreement and Declaration of Trust, as amended, supplemented or amended and restated from time to time. 

Delaware General Corporation
Law means the Delaware General Corporation Law, 8 Del. C. 100, et seq. , as amended from time to time. 

Delaware Statutory Trust
Statute shall mean the provisions of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, 12 Del. C. 3801, et seq. , as
such Act may be amended from time to time. 

Delaware Trustee 
shall mean The Corporation Trust Company (including any successor trustee appointed in accordance with Section 12.6 of this Declaration. 

Majority Shareholder Vote 
shall mean a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as such term is defined in the 1940 Act) of the Trust
with each class and series of Shares voting together as a single class, except to the extent otherwise required by the 1940 Act or this
Declaration with respect to any one or more classes or series of Shares, in which case the applicable proportion of such classes or series
of Shares voting as a separate class or series, as the case may be, also will be required. 

Person shall mean
and include individuals, corporations, partnerships, trusts, limited liability companies, associations, joint ventures and other entities,
whether or not legal entities, and governments and agencies and political subdivisions thereof. 

Securities Act shall mean the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. 

Shareholders 
shall mean as of any particular time the holders of record of outstanding Shares of the Trust, at such time. 

Shares shall
mean the transferable units of beneficial interest into which the beneficial interest in the Trust shall be divided from time to time
and includes fractions of Shares as well as whole Shares. In addition, Shares also means any preferred shares or preferred units of beneficial
interest which may be issued from time to time, as described herein. All references to Shares shall be deemed to be Shares of any or all
series or classes as the context may require. 

2 

Trust shall mean the
trust governed by this Declaration and the By-laws, as amended from time to time, inclusive of each such amendment. 

Trust Property shall
mean as of any particular time any and all property, real or personal, tangible or intangible, which at such time is owned or held by
or for the account of the Trust or the Trustees in such capacity. 

Trustees shall
mean the signatories to this Declaration (but for purposes of this Declaration shall not be deemed to include the Delaware Trustee), so
long as they shall continue in office in accordance with the terms hereof, and all other persons who at the time in question have been
duly elected or appointed and have qualified as trustees in accordance with the provisions hereof and are then in office. 

ARTICLE II 

Board of Trustees 

Section 2.1 Number and Qualification .
The number of Trustees shall be determined by a written instrument signed by a majority of the Trustees then in office. No reduction in
the number of Trustees shall have the effect of removing any Trustee from office prior to the expiration of his term. An individual nominated
as a Trustee shall be at least 21 years of age and not older than 80 years of age at the time of nomination and not under legal disability.
Trustees need not own Shares and may succeed themselves in office. 

Section 2.2 Term and Election .
Each Trustee shall be elected and shall serve until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her death, resignation,
disqualification, retirement, or removal. 

Section 2.3 Resignation and
Removal . Any of the Trustees may resign (without need for prior or subsequent accounting) by an instrument in writing signed by such
Trustee and delivered or mailed to any officer of the Fund or to a meeting of the Board, and such resignation shall be effective upon
such delivery, or at a later date according to the terms of the instrument. Any of the Trustees may be removed (provided the aggregate
number of Trustees after such removal shall not be less than the minimum number required by Section 2.1 hereof) for cause only, and not
without cause, and only by action taken by a majority of the remaining Trustees (or in the case of the removal of a Trustee that is not
an interested person as defined in the 1940 Act a majority of the remaining Trustees that are not interested persons 
as defined in the 1940 Act). Shareholders shall have the power to remove a Trustee only to the extent provided by the 1940 Act and the
rules and regulations thereunder. Upon the resignation or removal of a Trustee, each such resigning or removed Trustee shall execute and
deliver such documents as the remaining Trustees shall require for the purpose of conveying to the Trust or the remaining Trustees any
Trust Property held in the name of such resigning or removed Trustee. Upon the incapacity or death of any Trustee, such Trustee s
legal representative shall execute and deliver on such Trustee s behalf such documents as the remaining Trustees shall require as
provided in the preceding sentence. Except to the extent expressly provided in a written agreement with the Trust, no Trustee resigning
and no Trustee removed shall have any right to any compensation for any period following the effective date of his resignation or removal,
or any right to damages on account of a removal. 

Section 2.4 Vacancies . Whenever
a vacancy in the Board of Trustees shall occur, the remaining Trustees may fill such vacancy by appointing an individual having the qualifications
described in this Article by a written instrument signed by a majority of the Trustees then in office or may leave such vacancy unfilled
or may reduce the number of Trustees; provided the aggregate number of Trustees after such reduction shall not be less than the minimum
number required by Section 2.1 hereof; provided, further, that if the Shareholders of any class or series of Shares are entitled separately
to elect one or more Trustees, a majority of the remaining Trustees or the sole remaining Trustee elected by that class or series may
fill any vacancy among the number of Trustees elected by that class or series. Any vacancy created by an increase in Trustees may be filled
by the appointment of an individual having the qualifications described in this Article made by a written instrument signed by a majority
of the Trustees then in office. No vacancy shall operate to annul this Declaration or to revoke any existing agency created pursuant to
the terms of this Declaration. The Shareholders may elect Trustees, including filling any vacancies in the Board, at any meeting of Shareholders
called by the Board for that purpose. A meeting of Shareholders for the purpose of electing one or more trustees may be called by the
Board or, to the extent provided by the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, by the Shareholders. Whenever a vacancy in
the number of Trustees shall occur, until such vacancy is filled as provided herein, the Trustees in
office, regardless of their number, shall have all the powers granted to the Trustees and shall discharge all the duties imposed upon
the Trustees by this Declaration. 

3 

Section 2.5 Meetings . Meetings
of the Trustees shall be held from time to time upon the call of the Chairman, if any, or the President or any two Trustees. Regular meetings
of the Trustees may be held without call or notice at a time and place fixed by the By-Laws, the Chairman or by resolution or consent
of the Trustees. Notice of any other meeting shall be given by the Secretary and shall be delivered to the Trustees orally or via electronic
transmission not less than 24 hours, or in writing not less than 72 hours, before the meeting, but may be waived in writing by any Trustee
either before or after such meeting. The attendance of a Trustee at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting except
where a Trustee attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting
has not been properly called or convened. Any time there is more than one Trustee, a quorum for all meetings of the Trustees shall be
one-third, but not less than two, of the Trustees. Unless provided otherwise in this Declaration and except as required under the 1940
Act, any action of the Trustees may be taken at a meeting by vote of a majority of the Trustees present (a quorum being present) or without
a meeting by written consent of a majority of the Trustees. 

Any committee of the Trustees, including
an executive committee, if any, may act with or without a meeting. A quorum for all meetings of any such committee shall be one-third,
but not less than two, of the members thereof. Unless provided otherwise in this Declaration, any action of any such committee may be
taken at a meeting by vote of a majority of the members present (a quorum being present) or without a meeting by written consent as provided
in Section 2.6. 

With respect to actions of the Trustees
and any committee of the Trustees, Trustees who are Interested Persons in any action to be taken may be counted for quorum purposes under
this Section and shall be entitled to vote to the extent not prohibited by the 1940 Act. 

All or any one or more Trustees may
participate in a meeting of the Trustees or any committee thereof by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment
by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other; participation in a meeting pursuant to any such communications
system shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

Section 2.6 Trustee Action
by Written Consent . Any action which may be taken by Trustees by vote may be taken without a meeting if that number of the Trustees,
or members of a committee, as the case may be, required for approval of such action at a meeting of the Trustees or of such committee
consent to the action in writing and the written consents are filed with the records of the meetings of Trustees. Such consent shall be
treated for all purposes as a vote taken at a meeting of Trustees. 

Section 2.7 Officers . The
Trustees may elect a Chief Executive Officer, a Secretary and a Chief Financial Officer and may elect a Chairman who shall serve at the
pleasure of the Trustees or until their successors are elected. The Trustees may elect or appoint or may authorize the Chairman, if any,
or Chief Executive Officer to appoint such other officers or agents with such powers as the Trustees may deem to be advisable. A Chairman
shall, and the Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer may, but need not, be a Trustee. All officers shall owe
to the Trust and its Shareholders the same fiduciary duties (and only such fiduciary duties) as owed by officers of corporations to such
corporations and their stockholders under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

Section
2.8 Principal Transactions . Except to the extent prohibited by
applicable law, the Trustees may, on behalf of the Trust, buy any securities from or sell any securities to, or lend any assets of
the Trust to, any Trustee or officer of the Trust or any firm of which any such Trustee or officer is a member acting as principal,
or have any such dealings with any Affiliated Person of the Trust, investment adviser, investment sub-adviser, distributor or
transfer agent for the Trust or with any Interested Person of such Affiliated Person or other person; and the Trust may employ any
such Affiliated Person or other person, or firm or company in which such Affiliated Person or other person is an Interested Person,
as broker, legal counsel, registrar, investment advisor, investment sub-advisor, distributor, transfer agent, dividend disbursing
agent, custodian or in any other capacity upon customary terms. 

4 

ARTICLE III 

Powers and Duties of Trustees 

Section 3.1 General . The
Trustees shall owe to the Trust and its Shareholders the same fiduciary duties (and only such fiduciary duties) as owed by directors of
corporations to such corporations and their stockholders under the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Trustees may perform such acts
as in their sole discretion are proper for conducting the business of the Trust. The enumeration of any specific power herein shall not
be construed as limiting the aforesaid power. Such powers of the Trustees may be exercised without order of or resort to any court. 

Section 3.2 Investments .
Unless otherwise determined by the Board of Trustees, the investment objective of the Trust will be to generate current income and, to
a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. The Trustees shall have power with respect to the Trust to manage, conduct, operate and
carry on the business of a business development company. 

Section 3.3 Legal Title .
Legal title to all the Trust Property shall be vested in the Trust as a separate legal entity except that the Trustees shall have power
to cause legal title to any Trust Property to be held by or in the name of one or more of the Trustees, or in the name of any other Person
as nominee, custodian or pledgee, on such terms as the Trustees may determine, provided that the interest of the Trust therein is appropriately
protected. 

To the extent any Trust Property is
titled in the name of one or more Trustees, the right, title and interest of such Trustees in the Trust Property shall vest automatically
in each person who may hereafter become a Trustee upon his due election and qualification. Upon the ceasing of any person to be a Trustee
for any reason, such person shall automatically cease to have any right, title or interest in any of the Trust Property, and the right,
title and interest of such Trustee in the Trust Property shall vest automatically in the remaining Trustees. Such vesting and cessation
of title shall be effective whether or not conveyancing documents have been executed and delivered. 

Section 3.4 Issuance and Repurchase
of Shares . The Trustees shall have the power to issue, sell, repurchase, redeem, retire, cancel, acquire, hold, resell, reissue, dispose
of, transfer, and otherwise deal in, Shares, including Shares in fractional denominations, and, subject to the more detailed provisions
set forth in Article VIII, to apply to any such repurchase, redemption, retirement, cancellation or acquisition of Shares any funds or
property. 

 The Trustees may establish, from
time to time, a program or programs by which the Trust voluntarily repurchases Shares from the Shareholders; provided, however, that such
repurchases do not impair the capital or operations of the Trust. 

Section 3.5 Borrow Money or
Utilize Leverage . The Trustees shall have the power to cause the Trust to borrow money or otherwise obtain credit or utilize leverage
to the maximum extent permitted by law or regulation as such may be needed from time to time and to secure the same by mortgaging, pledging
or otherwise subjecting as security the assets of the Trust, including the lending of portfolio securities, and to endorse, guarantee,
or undertake the performance of any obligation, contract or engagement of any other person, firm, association or corporation. In addition
and notwithstanding any other provision of this Declaration, the Trust is hereby authorized to borrow funds, incur indebtedness and guarantee
obligations of any Person, and in connection therewith, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Trustees, on behalf of the Trust,
are hereby authorized to pledge, hypothecate, mortgage, assign, transfer or grant security interests in or other liens on (i) the Shareholders 
subscription agreements, and the Shareholders obligations to make capital contributions thereunder, subject to the terms hereof
and thereof, and (ii) any other assets, rights or remedies of the Trust or of the Trustees hereunder or under the subscription agreements,
including without limitation, the right to issue capital call notices and to exercise remedies upon a default by a Shareholder in the
payment of its capital contributions and the right to receive capital contributions and other payments, subject to the terms hereof and
thereof. Notwithstanding any provision in this Declaration, (i) the Trust may borrow funds, incur indebtedness and enter into guarantees
together with one or more Persons on a joint and several basis or on any other basis that the Board of Trustees, in its sole discretion,
determines is fair and reasonable to the Trust, and (ii) in connection with any borrowing, indebtedness or guarantee by the Trust, all
capital contributions shall be payable to the account of the Trust designated by the Board of Trustees, which may be pledged to any lender
or other credit party of the Trust. All rights granted to a lender pursuant to this Section 3.5 shall apply to its agents and its successors
and permitted assigns. 

5 

Section 3.6 Delegation; Committees .
The Trustees shall have the power to delegate from time to time to such of their number or to officers, employees or agents of the Trust
the doing of such things, including any matters set forth in this Declaration, and the execution of such instruments either in the name
of the Trust or the names of the Trustees or otherwise as the Trustees may deem expedient. The Trustees may designate one or more committees
which shall have all or such lesser portion of the authority of the entire Board of Trustees as the Trustees shall determine from time
to time except to the extent action by the entire Board of Trustees or particular Trustees is required by the 1940 Act. 

Section 3.7 Collection and
Payment . The Trustees shall have power to collect all property due to the Trust; to pay all claims, including taxes, against the Trust
Property or the Trust, the Trustees or any officer, employee or agent of the Trust; to prosecute, defend, compromise or abandon any claims
relating to the Trust Property or the Trust, or the Trustees or any officer, employee or agent of the Trust; to foreclose any security
interest securing any obligations, by virtue of which any property is owed to the Trust; and to enter into releases, agreements and other
instruments. 

Section 3.8 By-Laws . The
Trustees shall have the exclusive authority to adopt and from time to time amend or repeal By-Laws for the conduct of the business of
the Trust. 

Section 3.9 Miscellaneous Powers .
Without limiting the general or further powers of the Trustees, they shall have the power to: (a) employ or contract with such Persons
as the Trustees may deem desirable for the transaction of the business of the Trust; (b) enter into joint ventures, partnerships and any
other combinations or associations; (c) purchase, and pay for out of Trust Property, insurance policies insuring the Shareholders, Trustees,
officers, employees, agents, investment advisors, distributors, selected dealers or independent contractors of the Trust against all claims
arising by reason of holding any such position or by reason of any action taken or omitted by any such Person in such capacity, whether
or not constituting negligence, or whether or not the Trust would have the power to indemnify such Person against such liability; (d)
establish pension, profit-sharing, share purchase, and other retirement, incentive and benefit plans for any Trustees, officers, employees
and agents of the Trust; (e) make donations, irrespective of benefit to the Trust, for charitable, religious, educational, scientific,
civic or similar purposes; (f) to the extent permitted by law, indemnify any Person with whom the Trust has dealings, including without
limitation any advisor, administrator, manager, transfer agent, custodian, distributor or selected dealer, or any other person as the
Trustees may see fit to such extent as the Trustees shall determine; (g) guarantee indebtedness or contractual obligations of others;
and (h) determine and change the fiscal year of the Trust and the method in which its accounts shall be kept. 

Section 3.10 Further Powers .
The Trustees shall have the power to conduct the business of the Trust and carry on its operations in any and all of its branches and
maintain offices both within and without the State of Delaware, in any and all states of the United States of America, in the District
of Columbia, and in any and all commonwealths, territories, dependencies, colonies, possessions, agencies or instrumentalities of the
United States of America and of foreign governments, and to do all such other things and execute all such instruments as they deem necessary,
proper or desirable in order to promote the interests of the Trust although such things are not herein specifically mentioned. Any determination
as to what is in the interests of the Trust made by the Trustees in good faith shall be conclusive. In construing the provisions of this
Declaration, the presumption shall be in favor of a grant of power to the Trustees. 

Section 3.11 Sole Discretion; Good Faith; Corporate
Opportunities of Adviser . 

(a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Declaration or otherwise applicable law, whenever in this Declaration the Trustees
are permitted or required to make a decision: 

(i) in their discretion or under a grant of similar authority, the Trustees shall be entitled to consider such interests
and factors as they desire, including their own interest, and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall have no duty or
obligation to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting the Trust or any other Person; or 

(ii) in their good faith or under another express standard, the Trustees shall act under such express standard and shall
not be subject to any other or different standard. 

6 

(b) Unless expressly provided otherwise herein or in the Trust s private placement memorandum or other offering document (as
may be amended from time to time), the Adviser and any Affiliated Person of the Adviser may engage in or possess an interest in other
profit-seeking or business ventures of any nature or description, independently or with others, whether or not such ventures are competitive
with the Trust and the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine. To the extent that the Adviser acquires knowledge
of a potential transaction, agreement, arrangement or other matter that may be an opportunity for the Trust, it shall not have any duty
to communicate or offer such opportunity to the Trust, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940,
as amended, and any applicable co-investment order issued by the Commission, and the Adviser shall not be liable to the Trust or to the
Shareholders for breach of any fiduciary or other duty by reason of the fact that the Adviser pursues or acquires for, or directs such
opportunity to, another Person or does not communicate such opportunity or information to the Trust. Neither the Trust nor any Shareholder
shall have any rights or obligations by virtue of this Declaration or the trust relationship created hereby in or to such independent
ventures or the income or profits or losses derived therefrom, and the pursuit of such ventures, even if competitive with the activities
of the Trust, shall not be deemed wrongful or improper. 

ARTICLE IV 

Fees and Expenses; Advisory,
Management and Distribution Arrangements 

Section 4.1 Expenses . 

(a) The
Trustees shall have power to incur and pay out of the assets or income of the Trust any expenses which in the opinion of the Trustees
are necessary or incidental to carry out any of the purposes of this Declaration, and the business of the Trust, and to pay reasonable
compensation from the funds of the Trust to themselves as Trustees. The Trustees shall fix the compensation of all officers, employees
and Trustees. The Trustees may pay themselves such compensation for special services, including legal, underwriting, syndicating and
brokerage services, as they in good faith may deem reasonable and reimbursement for expenses reasonably incurred by themselves on behalf
of the Trust. 

(b) The Trust shall bear and be responsible for all costs and expenses of the Trust s operations, administration and transactions,
including, but not limited to fees and expenses paid for investment advisory, administrative or other services and all other expenses
of its operations and transactions. 

Section 4.2 Advisory and Management
Arrangements . Subject to the requirements of applicable law as in effect from time to time, the Trustees may in their discretion from
time to time enter into advisory, administration or management contracts (including, in each case, one or more sub-advisory, sub-administration
or sub-management contracts) whereby the other party to any such contract shall undertake to furnish such advisory, administrative and
management services with respect to the Trust as the Trustees shall from time to time consider desirable and all upon such terms and conditions
as the Trustees may in their discretion determine. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Declaration, the Trustees may authorize any
advisor, administrator or manager (subject to such general or specific instructions as the Trustees may from time to time adopt) to exercise
any of the powers of the Trustees, including to effect investment transactions with respect to the assets on behalf of the Trust to the
full extent of the power of the Trustees to effect such transactions or may authorize any officer, employee or Trustee to effect such
transactions pursuant to recommendations of any such advisor, administrator or manager (and all without further action by the Trustees)
Any such investment transaction shall be deemed to have been authorized by all of the Trustees. 

Section 4.3 Distribution Arrangements .
Subject to compliance with the 1940 Act, the Trustees may retain underwriters, distributors and/or placement agents to sell Shares and
other securities of the Trust. The Trustees may in their discretion from time to time enter into one or more contracts, providing for
the sale of securities of the Trust, whereby the Trust may either agree to sell such securities to the other party to the contract or
appoint such other party its sales agent for such securities. In either case, the contract shall be on such terms and conditions as the
Trustees may in their discretion determine not inconsistent with the provisions of this Article IV or the By-Laws; and such contract may
also provide for the repurchase or sale of securities of the Trust by such other party as principal or as agent of the Trust and may provide
that such other party may enter into selected dealer agreements and servicing and similar agreements to further
the purposes of the distribution or repurchase of the securities of the Trust. 

7 

Section 4.4 Parties to Contract .
Any contract of the character described in Sections 4.2 and 4.3 of this Article IV or in Article VII hereof may be entered into with any
Person, although one or more of the Trustees, officers or employees of the Trust may be an officer, director, trustee, shareholder, or
member of such other party to the contract, and no such contract shall be invalidated or rendered voidable by reason of the existence
of any such relationship, nor shall any Person holding such relationship be liable merely by reason of such relationship for any loss
or expense to the Trust under or by reason of said contract or accountable for any profit realized directly or indirectly therefrom, provided
that the contract when entered into was reasonable and fair and not inconsistent with the provisions of this Article IV or the By-Laws.
The same Person may be the other party to contracts entered into pursuant to Sections 4.2 and 4.3 above or Article VII, and any individual
may be financially interested or otherwise affiliated with Persons who are parties to any or all of the contracts mentioned in this Section
4.4. 

ARTICLE V 

Limitations of Liability
and Indemnification 

Section 5.1 No Personal Liability
of Shareholders, Trustees, etc . No Shareholder of the Trust shall be subject in such capacity to any personal liability whatsoever
to any Person in connection with Trust Property or the acts, obligations or affairs of the Trust. Shareholders shall have the same limitation
of personal liability as is extended to stockholders of a private corporation for profit incorporated under the Delaware General Corporation
Law. No Trustee or officer of the Trust shall be subject in such capacity to any personal liability whatsoever to any Person, save only
liability to the Trust or its Shareholders arising from bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard for his
duty to such Person; and, subject to the foregoing exception, all such Persons shall look solely to the Trust Property for satisfaction
of claims of any nature arising in connection with the affairs of the Trust. If any Shareholder, Trustee or officer, as such, of the Trust,
is made a party to any suit or proceeding to enforce any such liability, subject to the foregoing exception, he shall, on account thereof,
be held harmless with respect to any personal liability. Any repeal or modification of this Section 5.1 shall not adversely affect any
right or protection of a Trustee or officer of the Trust existing at the time of such repeal or modification with respect to acts or omissions
occurring prior to such repeal or modification. 

Section 5.2 Mandatory Indemnification . 

(a) The
Trust hereby agrees to indemnify each person who at any time serves as a Trustee, officer or employee of the Trust (each such person
being an indemnitee against any liabilities and expenses, including amounts paid in satisfaction of judgments, in compromise
or as fines and penalties, and reasonable counsel fees reasonably incurred by such indemnitee in connection with the defense or disposition
of any action, suit or other proceeding, whether civil or criminal, before any court or administrative or investigative body in which
he may be or may have been involved as a party or otherwise or with which he may be or may have been threatened, while acting in any
capacity set forth in this Article V by reason of his having acted in any such capacity, except with respect to any matter as to which
he shall not have acted in good faith in the reasonable belief that his action was in the best interest of the Trust or, in the case
of any criminal proceeding, as to which he shall have had reasonable cause to believe that the conduct was unlawful, provided, however,
that no indemnitee shall be indemnified hereunder against any liability to any person or any expense of such indemnitee arising by reason
of (i) willful misconduct, (ii) bad faith, (iii) gross negligence, or (iv) reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of
his position (the conduct referred to in such clauses (i) through (iv) being sometimes referred to herein as disabling conduct ).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any action, suit or other proceeding voluntarily prosecuted by any indemnitee as plaintiff,
indemnification shall be mandatory only if the prosecution of such action, suit or other proceeding by such indemnitee (1) was authorized
by a majority of the Trustees or (2) was instituted by the indemnitee to enforce his or her rights to indemnification hereunder in a
case in which the indemnitee is found to be entitled to such indemnification. The rights to indemnification set forth in this Declaration
shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a Trustee or officer of the Trust and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs,
executors and personal and legal representatives. No amendment or restatement of this Declaration or repeal of any of its provisions
shall limit or eliminate any of the benefits provided to any person who at any time is or was a Trustee or officer of the Trust or otherwise
entitled to indemnification hereunder in respect of any act or omission that occurred prior to such amendment, restatement or repeal. 

8 

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no indemnification shall be made hereunder unless there has been a determination (i) by a final decision on the merits
by a court or other body of competent jurisdiction before whom the issue of entitlement to indemnification hereunder was brought that
such indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder or, (ii) in the absence of such a decision, by (1) a majority vote of a quorum
of those Trustees who are neither Interested Persons of the Trust (as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) nor parties to the
proceeding Disinterested Non-Party Trustees ), that the indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder, or
(2) if such quorum is not obtainable or even if obtainable, if such majority so directs, independent legal counsel in a written opinion
concludes that the indemnitee should be entitled to indemnification hereunder. All determinations to make advance payments in connection
with the expense of defending any proceeding shall be authorized and made in accordance with the immediately succeeding paragraph (c)
below. 

(c) The
Trust shall make advance payments in connection with the expenses of defending any action with respect to which indemnification might
be sought hereunder if the Trust receives a written affirmation by the indemnitee of the indemnitee s good faith belief that the
standards of conduct necessary for indemnification have been met and a written undertaking to reimburse the Trust unless it is subsequently
determined that the indemnitee is entitled to such indemnification and if a majority of the Trustees determine that the applicable standards
of conduct necessary for indemnification appear to have been met. In addition, at least one of the following conditions must be met:
(i) the indemnitee shall provide adequate security for his undertaking, (ii) the Trust shall be insured against losses arising by reason
of any lawful advances, or (iii) a majority of a quorum of the Disinterested Non-Party Trustees, or if a majority vote of such quorum
so direct, independent legal counsel in a written opinion, shall conclude, based on a review of readily available facts (as opposed to
a full trial-type inquiry), that there is substantial reason to believe that the indemnitee ultimately will be found entitled to indemnification. 

(d) The
rights accruing to any indemnitee under these provisions shall not exclude any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire
under this Declaration, the By-Laws of the Trust, any statute, agreement, vote of Shareholders or Trustees who are not Interested Persons
or any other right to which he or she may be lawfully entitled. 

(e) Subject
to any limitations provided by the 1940 Act and this Declaration, the Trust shall have the power and authority to indemnify and provide
for the advance payment of expenses to employees, agents and other Persons providing services to the Trust or serving in any capacity
at the request of the Trust or provide for the advance payment of expenses for such Persons, provided that such indemnification has been
approved by a majority of the Trustees. 

Section 5.3 No Bond Required
of Trustees . No Trustee shall, as such, be obligated to give any bond or other security for the performance of any of his duties hereunder. 

Section
5.4 No Duty of Investigation; No Notice in Trust Instruments, etc .
No purchaser, lender, transfer agent or other person dealing with the Trustees or with any officer, employee or agent of the Trust
shall be bound to make any inquiry concerning the validity of any transaction purporting to be made by the Trustees or by said
officer, employee or agent or be liable for the application of money or property paid, loaned, or delivered to or on the order of
the Trustees or of said officer, employee or agent. Every obligation, contract, undertaking, instrument, certificate, Share, other
security of the Trust, and every other act or thing whatsoever executed in connection with the Trust shall be conclusively taken to
have been executed or done by the executors thereof only in their capacity as Trustees under this Declaration or in their capacity
as officers, employees or agents of the Trust. The Trustees may maintain insurance for the protection of the Trust Property, the
Shareholders, Trustees, officers, employees and agents in such amount as the Trustees shall deem adequate to cover possible tort
liability, and such other insurance as the Trustees in their sole judgment shall deem advisable or is required by the 1940 Act. 

Section 5.5 Reliance on Experts,
etc . Each Trustee and officer or employee of the Trust shall, in the performance of its duties, be fully and completely justified
and protected with regard to any act or any failure to act resulting from reliance in good faith upon the books of account or other records
of the Trust, upon an opinion of counsel, or upon reports made to the Trust by any of the Trust s officers or employees or by any
advisor, administrator, manager, distributor, selected dealer,
accountant, appraiser or other expert or consultant selected with reasonable care by the Trustees, officers or employees of the Trust,
regardless of whether such counsel or expert may also be a Trustee. 

9 

ARTICLE VI 

Shares of Beneficial Interest 

Section 6.1 Beneficial Interest .
The beneficial interest in the Trust shall be divided into an unlimited number of shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 per share.
Such Shares of beneficial interest may be issued in different classes and/or series of beneficial interests. All Shares issued in accordance
with the terms hereof, including, without limitation, Shares issued in connection with a dividend in Shares or a split of Shares, shall
be fully paid and nonassessable when the consideration determined by the Trustees (if any) therefor shall have been received by the Trust. 

Section 6.2 Other Securities .
The Trustees may, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, authorize and issue such other securities of the Trust as they determine
to be necessary, desirable or appropriate, having such terms, rights, preferences, privileges, limitations and restrictions as the Trustees
see fit, including preferred interests, debt securities or other senior securities. To the extent that the Trustees authorize and issue
preferred shares of any class or series, they are hereby authorized and empowered to amend or supplement this Declaration as they deem
necessary or appropriate, including to comply with the requirements of the 1940 Act or requirements imposed by the rating agencies or
other Persons, all without the approval of Shareholders. Any such supplement or amendment shall be filed as is necessary. In addition,
any such supplement or amendment may set forth the rights, powers, preferences and privileges of such preferred shares and any such supplement
or amendment shall operate either as additions to or modifications of the rights, powers, preferences and privileges of any such preferred
shares under this Declaration. To the extent the provisions set forth in such supplement or amendment conflict with the provisions of
this Declaration with respect to any such rights, powers and privileges of the preferred shares, such amendment or supplement shall control.
Except as contemplated by the immediately preceding sentence, this Declaration shall control as to the Trust generally and the rights,
powers, preferences and privileges of the other Shareholders of the Trust. The Trustees are also authorized to take such actions and retain
such persons as they see fit to offer and sell such securities. 

Section 6.3 Rights of Shareholders .
The Shares shall be personal property giving only the rights in this Declaration specifically set forth. The ownership of the Trust Property
of every description and the right to conduct any business herein before described are vested exclusively in the Trust, and the Shareholders
shall have no interest therein other than the beneficial interest conferred by their Shares, and they shall have no right to call for
any partition or division of any property, profits, rights or interests of the Trust nor can they be called upon to share or assume any
losses of the Trust or suffer an assessment of any kind by virtue of their ownership of Shares. The Shares shall not entitle the holder
to preference, preemptive, appraisal, conversion or exchange rights (except as specified by the Trustees when creating the Shares, as
in preferred shares). 

Section 6.4 Trust Only .
It is the intention of the Trustees to create only the relationship of Trustee and beneficiary between the Trustees and each Shareholder
from time to time. It is not the intention of the Trustees to create a general partnership, limited partnership, joint stock association,
corporation, bailment or any form of legal relationship other than a Delaware statutory trust. Nothing in this Declaration shall be construed
to make the Shareholders, either by themselves or with the Trustees, partners or members of a joint stock association. 

Section 6.5 Issuance of Shares .
The Trustees, in their discretion, may from time to time without vote of the Shareholders issue Shares including preferred shares that
may have been established pursuant to Section 6.2, in addition to the then issued and outstanding Shares and Shares held in the treasury,
to such party or parties and for such amount and type of consideration, including cash or property, at such time or times, and on such
terms as the Trustees may determine, and may in such manner acquire other assets (including the acquisition of assets subject to, and
in connection with the assumption of, liabilities) and businesses. The Trustees may from time to time, without a vote of the Shareholders,
divide, reclassify or combine the Shares into a greater or lesser number without thereby changing the proportionate beneficial interest
in such Shares. Issuances and redemptions of Shares may be made in whole Shares and/or 1/1,000ths of a Share or multiples thereof as the
Trustees may determine. 

10 

Section 6.6 Register of Shares .
A register shall be kept at the offices of the Trust or any transfer agent duly appointed by the Trustees under the direction of the Trustees
which shall contain the names and addresses of the Shareholders and the number of Shares held by them respectively and a record of all
transfers thereof. Separate registers shall be established and maintained for each class or series of Shares. Each such register shall
be conclusive as to who are the holders of the Shares of the applicable class or series of Shares and who shall be entitled to receive
dividends or distributions or otherwise to exercise or enjoy the rights of Shareholders. No Shareholder shall be entitled to receive payment
of any dividend or distribution, nor to have notice given to him as herein provided, until he has given his address to a transfer agent
or such other officer or agent of the Trustees as shall keep the register for entry thereon. It is not contemplated that certificates
will be issued for the Shares; however, the Trustees, in their discretion, may authorize the issuance of share certificates and promulgate
appropriate fees therefore and rules and regulations as to their use. 

Section 6.7 Transfer Agent and
Registrar . The Trustees shall have power to employ a transfer agent or transfer agents, and a registrar or registrars, with respect
to the Shares. The transfer agent or transfer agents may keep the applicable register and record therein, the original issues and transfers,
if any, of the said Shares. Any such transfer agents and/or registrars shall perform the duties usually performed by transfer agents and
registrars of certificates of stock in a corporation, as modified by the Trustees. 

Section 6.8 Transfer of Shares .
(A) Except as otherwise provided by the Trustees, Shares shall be transferable on the records of the Trust only by the record holder thereof
or by its agent thereto duly authorized in writing, upon delivery to the Trustees or a transfer agent of the Trust of a duly executed
instrument of transfer, together with such evidence of the genuineness of each such execution and authorization and of other matters (including
compliance with any securities laws and contractual restrictions) as may reasonably be required. Upon such delivery the transfer shall
be recorded on the applicable register of the Trust. Until such record is made, the Shareholder of record shall be deemed to be the holder
of such Shares for all purposes hereof and neither the Trustees nor any transfer agent or registrar nor any officer, employee or agent
of the Trust shall be affected by any notice of the proposed transfer. 

Any person becoming entitled to any
Shares in consequence of the death, bankruptcy, or incompetence of any Shareholder, or otherwise by operation of law, shall be recorded
on the applicable register of Shares as the holder of such Shares upon production of the proper evidence thereof to the Trustees or a
transfer agent of the Trust, but until such record is made, the Shareholder of record shall be deemed to be the holder of such for all
purposes hereof, and neither the Trustees nor any transfer agent or registrar nor any officer or agent of the Trust shall be affected
by any notice of such death, bankruptcy or incompetence, or other operation of law. 

(B) A
Shareholder may not sell, assign or transfer all or a portion of its Shares without the prior written consent of the Investment Adviser,
which consent may be withheld in the Adviser s sole and absolute discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Shareholder will
be allowed, without the Investment Adviser s consent, to transfer all or a portion of such Shareholder s Shares to a member
of that Shareholder s immediate family or to a trust or other entity created or controlled by that Shareholder or members of that
Shareholder s immediate family; provided, however, that in no event may any sale, assignment or transfer be made if it would cause
certain adverse consequences at Investment Adviser s discretion. 

Section 6.9 Notices . Any
and all notices to which any Shareholder hereunder may be entitled and any and all communications shall be deemed duly served or given
if mailed, postage prepaid, addressed to any Shareholder of record at his last known address as recorded on the applicable register of
the Trust. 

Section 6.10 Derivative Actions . 

(a) No
person, other than a Trustee, who is not a Shareholder shall be entitled to bring any derivative action, suit or other proceeding on
behalf of the Trust. No Shareholder may maintain a derivative action on behalf of the Trust unless holders of at least ten percent (10 of the outstanding Shares join in the bringing of such action. 

11 

(b) In
addition to the requirements set forth in Section 3816 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, a Shareholder may bring a derivative
action on behalf of the Trust only if the following conditions are met: (i) the Shareholder or Shareholders must make a pre-suit demand
upon the Trustees to bring the subject action unless an effort to cause the Trustees to bring such an action is not likely to succeed;
and a demand on the Trustees shall only be deemed not likely to succeed and therefore excused if a majority of the Trustees, or a majority
of any committee established to consider the merits of such action, is composed of Trustees who are not independent trustees 
(as that term is defined in the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute); and (ii) unless a demand is not required under clause (i) of this
paragraph, the Trustees must be afforded a reasonable amount of time to consider such Shareholder request and to investigate the basis
of such claim; and the Trustees shall be entitled to retain counsel or other advisors in considering the merits of the request and may
require an undertaking by the Shareholders making such request to reimburse the Trust for the expense of any such advisors in the event
that the Trustees determine not to bring such action. For purposes of this Section 6.10, the Trustees may designate a committee of one
or more Trustees to consider a Shareholder demand. 

(c) This
Section 6.10 shall not apply to any claims brought under federal securities law, or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

ARTICLE VII 

Custodians 

Section 7.1 Appointment and
Duties . The Trustees may employ a custodian or custodians meeting the qualifications for custodians for portfolio securities of investment
companies contained in the 1940 Act, as custodian with respect to the assets of the Trust. Any custodian shall have authority as agent
of the Trust as determined by the custodian agreement or agreements, but subject to such restrictions, limitations and other requirements,
if any, as may be contained in the By-Laws of the Trust and the 1940 Act, including without limitation authority: 

(i) to hold the securities owned by the Trust and deliver the same upon written order; 

(ii) to receive any receipt for any moneys due to the Trust and deposit the same in its own banking department (if a bank) or elsewhere as the Trustees may direct; 

(iii) to disburse such funds upon orders or vouchers; 

(iv) if authorized by the Trustees, to keep the books and accounts of the Trust and furnish clerical and accounting services; and 

(v) if authorized to
do so by the Trustees, to compute the net income or net asset value of the Trust; all upon such basis of compensation as may be
agreed upon between the Trustees and the custodian. 

The Trustees may also authorize each custodian
to employ one or more sub-custodians from time to time to perform such of the acts and services of the custodian and upon such terms and
conditions, as may be agreed upon between the custodian and such sub-custodian and approved by the Trustees, provided that in every case
such sub- custodian shall meet the qualifications for custodians contained in the 1940 Act. 

Section 7.2 Central Certificate
System . Subject to such rules, regulations and orders as the Commission may adopt, the Trustees may direct the custodian to deposit
all or any part of the securities owned by the Trust in a system for the central handling of securities established by a national securities
exchange or a national securities association registered with the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or
such other Person as may be permitted by the Commission, or otherwise in accordance with the 1940 Act, pursuant to which system all securities
of any particular class of any issuer deposited within the system are treated as fungible and may be transferred or pledged by bookkeeping
entry without physical delivery of such securities, provided that all such deposits shall be subject to withdrawal only upon the order
of the Trust. 

12 

ARTICLE VIII 

Redemption 

Section 8.1 Redemptions .
Holders of Shares of the Trust shall not be entitled to require the Trust to repurchase or redeem Shares of the Trust. 

Section 8.2 Disclosure of Holding .
The holders of Shares or other securities of the Trust shall upon demand disclose to the Trustees in writing such information with respect
to direct and indirect ownership of Shares or other securities of the Trust as the Trustees deem necessary to comply with the provisions
of the Code, the 1940 Act or other applicable laws or regulations, or to comply with the requirements of any other taxing or regulatory
authority. 

Section 8.3 Redemption by Trust .
Each Share is subject to redemption (out of the assets of the Trust) by the Trust at the redemption price equal to the then current net
asset value per Share of the Trust determined in accordance with Section 9.1 at any time if the Trustees determine in their sole discretion
that a Shareholder has breached any of its representations or warranties contained in such Shareholder s subscription agreement
with the Trust, and upon such redemption the holders of the Shares so redeemed shall have no further right with respect thereto other
than to receive payment of such redemption price. 

ARTICLE IX 

Net Asset Value and Distributions 

Section 9.1 Net Asset Value .
The net asset value of each outstanding Share of the Trust shall be determined at such time or times on such days as the Trustees may
determine, in accordance with the 1940 Act. The method of determination of net asset value shall be determined by the Trustees. The power
and duty to make the net asset value calculations may be delegated by the Trustees. 

Section 9.2 Distributions to Shareholders . 

(a) The
Trustees may from time to time distribute ratably among the Shareholders of any class of Shares, or any series of any such class, in
accordance with the number of outstanding full and fractional Shares of such class or any series of such class, such proportion of the
net profits, surplus (including paid-in surplus), capital, or assets held by the Trust as the Trustees may deem proper or as may otherwise
be determined in accordance with this Declaration. Any such distribution may be made in cash or property (including without limitation
any type of obligations of the Trust or any assets thereof). The Trustees may cause the Trust to enter into a distribution reinvestment
program with terms and conditions as agreed to by the Trustees from time to time. 

(b) Distributions
pursuant to this Section 9.2 may be among the Shareholders of record of the applicable class or series of Shares at the time of declaring
a distribution or among the Shareholders of record at such later date as the Trustees shall determine and specify. 

(c) The
Trustees may always retain from the net profits such amount as they may deem necessary to pay the debts or expenses of the Trust or to
meet obligations of the Trust, or as they otherwise may deem desirable to use in the conduct of its affairs or to retain for future requirements
or extensions of the business. 

(d) The
Trustee is authorized to pay or withhold any taxes it is required to pay or withhold by any taxing authority with respect to income allocable,
or any distributions made, to any Shareholder and to treat any such amounts as distributed to such Shareholder for all purposes of this
Declaration of Trust. If the amount of tax paid or withheld with respect to a Shareholder exceeds the amount that would otherwise be
distributable to such Shareholder, such Shareholder shall indemnify the Trust and the Trustee for the amount by which such tax exceeds
the amount that would otherwise be distributable to such Shareholder. 

13 

Section 9.3 Power to Modify
Foregoing Procedures . Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Article IX, the Trustees may prescribe, in their absolute
discretion except as may be required by the 1940 Act, such other bases and times for determining the per share asset value of the Trust s
Shares or net income, or the declaration and payment of dividends and distributions as they may deem necessary or desirable for any reason,
including to enable the Trust to comply with any provision of the 1940 Act, or any securities exchange or association registered under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any order of exemption issued by the Commission, all as in effect now or hereafter
amended or modified. 

ARTICLE X 

Shareholders 

Section 10.1 Meetings of Shareholders .
A special meeting of the Shareholders may be called at any time by a majority of the Trustees, Chairman of the Board, or the Chief Executive
Officer and may be called by majority of the Trustees, Chairman of the Board, or the Chief Executive Officer for any proper purpose upon
written request of Shareholders of the Trust holding in the aggregate not less than thirty-three and one-third percent (33 1 3 of the outstanding Shares of the Trust, such request specifying the purpose or purposes for which such meeting is to be called, provided
that in the case of a meeting called at the request of Shareholders for the purpose of electing Trustees or removing the Adviser, written
request of Shareholders of the Trust holding in the aggregate not less than fifty-one percent (51 of the outstanding Shares of the Trust
or class or series of Shares having voting rights on the matter shall be required. For a special Shareholder meeting to be called for
a proper purpose (as used in the preceding sentence), it is not a requirement that such purpose relate to a matter on which Shareholders
are entitled to vote, provided that if such meeting is called for a purpose for which Shareholders are not entitled to vote, no vote will
be taken at such meeting. Any shareholder meeting, including a special meeting, may be held within or without the State of Delaware on
such day and at such time as the Trustees shall designate or may be held virtually. 

Section 10.2 Voting . Shareholders
shall have no power to vote on any matter except matters on which a vote of Shareholders is required by the 1940 Act, this Declaration
or resolution of the Trustees. This Declaration expressly provides that no matter for which voting, consent or other approval is required
by the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute in the absence of the contrary provision in the Declaration shall require any vote. Except as
otherwise provided herein, any matter required to be submitted to Shareholders and affecting one or more classes or series of Shares shall
require approval by the required vote of all the affected classes and series of Shares voting together as a single class; provided, however,
that as to any matter with respect to which a separate vote of any class or series of Shares is required by the 1940 Act, such requirement
as to a separate vote by that class or series of Shares shall apply in addition to a vote of all the affected classes and series voting
together as a single class. Shareholders of a particular class or series of Shares shall not be entitled to vote on any matter that affects
only one or more other classes or series of Shares. Each whole Share shall be entitled to one vote as to any matter on which it is entitled
to vote and each fractional Share shall be entitled to a proportionate fractional vote. There shall be no cumulative voting in the election
or removal of Trustees. Trustees shall be elected by a plurality of votes. 

Section 10.3 Notice of Meeting
and Record Date . Any and all notices to which any Shareholder hereunder may be entitled and any and all communications shall be deemed
duly served or given if presented personally to a Shareholder, left at his or her residence or usual place of business or sent via United
States mail or by electronic transmission to a Shareholder at his or her address as it is registered with the Trust. If mailed, such notice
shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the Shareholder at his or her address as it is registered
with the Trust with postage thereon prepaid. Notice of all meetings of Shareholders, stating the time, place and purposes of the meeting,
shall be given by the Trustees by mail to each Shareholder of record entitled to vote thereat at its registered address, mailed at least
10 days and not more than 90 days before the meeting or otherwise in compliance with applicable law. Only the business stated in the notice
of the meeting shall be considered at such meeting. Any meeting of Shareholders, whether or not a quorum is present, may be adjourned
for any lawful purpose by the Chairman, the Trustees (or their designees) or a majority of the votes properly cast upon the question of
adjourning a meeting. Any adjourned meeting may be held as adjourned one or more times without further notice not later than 120 days
after the record date. For the purposes of determining the Shareholders who are entitled to notice of and to vote at any meeting the Trustees
may, without closing the transfer books, fix a date not more than 90 nor less than 10 days prior to the date of such meeting of Shareholders
as a record date for the determination of the Persons to be treated as Shareholders of record for such purposes. 

14 

Section 10.4 Quorum and Required
Vote . (a) Unless otherwise required by the 1940 Act, the holders of one third of the Shares entitled to vote on any matter at a meeting
present in person or by proxy shall constitute a quorum at such meeting of the Shareholders for purposes of conducting business on such
matter. The absence from any meeting, in person or by proxy, of a quorum of Shareholders for action upon any given matter shall not prevent
action at such meeting upon any other matter or matters which may properly come before the meeting, if there shall be present thereat,
in person or by proxy, a quorum of Shareholders in respect of such other matters. 

(b) Subject
to any provision of applicable law, this Declaration or a resolution of the Trustees specifying a greater or a lesser vote requirement
for the transaction of any item of business at any meeting of Shareholders, (i) the affirmative vote of a Majority Shareholder Vote present
in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the Shareholders with respect to such
matter, and (ii) where a separate vote of one or more classes or series of Shares is required on any matter, the affirmative vote of Majority
Shareholder Vote of such class or series of Shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of the Shareholders
of such class or series with respect to such matter. 

Section 10.5 Proxies, etc. 
At any meeting of Shareholders, any holder of Shares entitled to vote thereat may vote by properly executed or authorized proxy, provided
that no proxy shall be voted at any meeting unless it shall have been placed on file with the Secretary, or with such other officer or
agent of the Trust as the Secretary may direct, for verification prior to the time at which such vote shall be taken. Pursuant to a resolution
of a majority of the Trustees, proxies may be solicited in the name of one or more Trustees or one or more of the officers or employees
of the Trust. No proxy shall be valid after the expiration of 11 months from the date thereof, unless otherwise provided in the proxy.
Only Shareholders of record shall be entitled to vote. Each full Share shall be entitled to one vote and fractional Shares shall be entitled
to a vote of such fraction. When any Share is held jointly by several persons, any one of them may vote at any meeting in person or by
proxy in respect of such Share, but if more than one of them shall be present at such meeting in person or by proxy, and such joint owners
or their proxies so present disagree as to any vote to be cast, such vote shall not be received in respect of such Share. A proxy purporting
to be executed or authorized by or on behalf of a Shareholder shall be deemed valid unless challenged at or prior to its exercise and
the burden of proving invalidity shall rest on the challenger. If the holder of any such Share is a minor or a person of unsound mind,
and subject to guardianship or to the legal control of any other person as regards the charge or management of such Share, he may vote
by his guardian or such other person appointed or having such control, and such vote may be given in person or by proxy. 

Section 10.6 Reports . The
Trustees shall cause to be prepared at least annually and more frequently to the extent and in the form required by law, regulation or
any exchange on which Trust Shares are listed a report of operations containing a balance sheet and statement of income and undistributed
income of the Trust prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and an opinion of an independent public accountant
on such financial statements. Copies of such reports shall be mailed to all Shareholders of record within the time required by the 1940
Act, and in any event within a reasonable period preceding the meeting of Shareholders. The Trustees shall, in addition, furnish to the
Shareholders at least semi-annually to the extent required by law, interim reports containing an unaudited balance sheet of the Trust
as of the end of such period and an unaudited statement of income and surplus for the period from the beginning of the current fiscal
year to the end of such period. 

Section 10.7 Inspection of Records .
The records of the Trust shall be open to inspection by Shareholders to the extent permitted by Section 3819 of the Delaware Statutory
Trust Statute but subject to such reasonable regulation as the Trustees may determine. 

Section 10.8 Delivery by Electronic
Transmission or Otherwise . Notwithstanding any provision in this Declaration to the contrary, any notice, proxy, vote, consent, report,
instrument or writing of any kind or any signature referenced in, or contemplated by, this Declaration or the By-laws may, in the sole
discretion of the Trustees, be given, granted or otherwise delivered by electronic transmission (within the meaning of the Delaware Statutory
Trust Statute), including via the internet, or in any other manner permitted by applicable law. 

Section 10.9 Shareholder Action
by Written Consent . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Shareholders may be taken without a meeting,
without a prior notice and without a vote if the consent, setting forth the action to be taken is given in writing or by electronic transmission
by the Shareholders having not less than the minimum number of votes that would
be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all Shareholders entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. 

15 

ARTICLE XI 

Wind Down; Amendment;
Mergers, Etc. 

Section 11.1 Wind Down . 

(a) The
Trustees (subject to market conditions and any necessary Shareholder approvals and applicable requirements of the 1940 Act) may upon
a written instrument determine to use their commercially reasonable efforts to wind down, sell and/or liquidate and dissolve the Fund
in an orderly manner and all of the powers of the Trustees under this Declaration shall continue until the affairs of the Trust shall
have been wound up as contemplated by Section 3808(e) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute. The Trustees may, to the extent they deem
appropriate, adopt a plan of liquidation at any time preceding the anticipated dissolution date, which plan of liquidation may set forth
the terms and conditions for implementing the dissolution and liquidation of the Trust under this Article XI. Shareholders of the Trust
shall not be entitled to vote on the adoption of any such plan or the dissolution and liquidation of the Trust under this Article XII
except to the extent required by the 1940 Act. 

(b) After
the winding up and liquidation of the Trust, including the distribution to the Shareholders of any assets of the Trust, a majority of
the Trustees shall execute and lodge among the records of the Trust an instrument in writing setting forth the fact of such termination
and shall execute and file a certificate of cancellation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. Upon termination of the
Trust, the Trustees shall thereupon be discharged from all further liabilities and duties hereunder, and the rights and interests of
all Shareholders shall thereupon cease. 

Section 11.2 Amendment Procedure . 

(a) Except
as provided in subsection (c) of this Section 11.2, the Trustees may, without Shareholder vote, amend or otherwise supplement this Declaration.
Shareholders shall have the right to vote: (i) on any amendment which would eliminate their right to vote granted in this Declaration,
(ii) on any amendment to this Section 11.2(a), (iii) on any amendment that would adversely affect the powers, preferences or special
rights of the Shares as determined by the Trustees in good faith and (iv) on any amendment submitted to them by the Trustees. 

(b) An
amendment duly adopted by the requisite vote of the Board of Trustees and, if required, the Shareholders as aforesaid, shall become effective
at the time of such adoption or at such other time as may be designated by the Board of Trustees or Shareholders, as the case may be.
A certification in recordable form signed by a majority of the Trustees setting forth an amendment and reciting that it was duly adopted
by the Trustees and, if required, the Shareholders as aforesaid, or a copy of the Declaration, as amended, in recordable form, and executed
by a majority of the Trustees, shall be conclusive evidence of such amendment when lodged among the records of the Trust or at such other
time designated by the Board. 

(c) Any
amendment to this Declaration that adversely affects the Delaware Trustee shall require its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld. 

Section 11.3 [Intentionally omitted]. 

Section 11.4 Subsidiaries .
Without approval or vote by Shareholders, the Trustees may cause to be organized or assist in organizing one or more corporations, trusts,
partnerships, associations or other organizations to take over all of the Trust Property or to carry on any business in which the Trust
shall directly or indirectly have any interest and to sell, convey, and transfer all or a portion of the Trust Property to any such corporation,
trust, limited liability company, association or organization in exchange for the shares or securities thereof, or otherwise, and to lend
money to, subscribe for the shares or securities of and enter into any contracts with any such corporation, trust, limited liability company,
partnership, association or organization, or any corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company, association or organization in which the
Trust holds or is about to acquire shares or any other interests. 

16 

Section 11.5 Certain Transactions . 

(a) Except
as otherwise provided in paragraph (b) of this Section the affirmative vote or consent of at least a majority of the Trustees of the
Trust and at least a majority of the Shares outstanding and entitled to vote thereon shall be necessary to authorize any of the following
actions: 

(i) the
merger, conversion, consolidation or share exchange of the Trust or any series or class of Shares with or into any other person or company
(including, without limitation, a partnership, corporation, joint venture, statutory or business trust, common law trust or any other
business organization) or of any such person or company with or into the Trust or any series or class of Shares. 

(ii) a strategic sale of the Fund or all or substantially all of its assets to another entity, or another type of corporate control
event (which may include a transaction with an affiliated entity, including a 1940 Act fund) for consideration in cash or publicly listed
securities of such entity or a combination of cash and such publicly listed securities. 

(iii) Any Shareholder proposal as to specific investment decisions made or to be made with respect to the assets of the Trust or a series
or class of Shares. 

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in paragraph (a) of this Section 11.5, so long as each action is approved by both a majority of the entire Board
of Trustees and seventy-five percent (75 of the Continuing Trustees, and so long as all other conditions and requirements, if any,
provided for in the Bylaws and applicable law have been satisfied, then no Shareholder vote or consent shall be necessary or required
to approve any of the actions listed in paragraphs (a)(i), (a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (a)(iv) of this Section 11.5, except to the extent such
Shareholder vote or consent is required by the 1940 Act or other federal law. 

ARTICLE XII 

The Delaware Trustee 

The trustee, pursuant to Section 3807
of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, of the Trust in the State of Delaware shall be The Corporation Trust Company (including any successor
trustee appointed in accordance with Section 12.6 of this Declaration, the Delaware Trustee ). The street address
of the principal office of The Corporation Trust Company, is, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801.
Any reference to Trustee or Board of Trustees in this Declaration and the Bylaws of the Trust shall not be
deemed to include or refer to the Delaware Trustee. 

Section 12.1 Purpose of Appointment .
The Delaware Trustee is appointed to serve as the trustee of the Trust in the State of Delaware for the sole purpose of satisfying the
requirements of Section 3807(a) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute that the Trust have at least one trustee with a principal place
of business in the State of Delaware. It is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that the Delaware Trustee shall have none of the
duties, obligations or liabilities of any other Person, including, without limitation, the Board of Trustees. The Delaware Trustee shall
satisfy the requirements of Section 3807(a) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute. 

Section 12.2 Duties . The
duties of the Delaware Trustee shall be limited to (i) accepting legal process served on the Trust in the State of Delaware and (ii) the
execution of any certificates required to be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State which the Delaware Trustee is required to execute
under Section 3811 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute. Except for the purpose of the foregoing sentence, the Delaware Trustee shall
not be deemed a trustee, shall not be a member of the board of trustees and shall have no management responsibilities or owe any fiduciary
duties to the Trust or the shareholders. To the extent that, at law or in equity, the Delaware Trustee has duties (including fiduciary
duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Trust or the shareholders, it is hereby understood and agreed by the other parties hereto
that such duties and liabilities are replaced by the duties and liabilities of the Delaware Trustee expressly set forth
in this Declaration. The Delaware Trustee shall have no liability for the acts or omissions of any other Person, including, without limitation,
the board of trustees and the Adviser. 

17 

Section 12.3 Removal . The
Delaware Trustee may be removed by the board of trustees upon 30 days prior written notice to the Delaware Trustee. The Delaware
Trustee may resign upon 30 days prior written notice to the board of trustees. No resignation or removal of the Delaware Trustee
shall be effective except upon the appointment of a successor Delaware Trustee appointed by the board of trustees or a court of competent
jurisdiction. If no successor Delaware Trustee has been appointed within such 30 day period, the Delaware Trustee may, at the expense
of the Trust, petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor Delaware Trustee. 

Section 12.4 Merger . Any
Person into which the Delaware Trustee may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger or
consolidation to which the Delaware Trustee shall be a party, or any Person which succeeds to all or substantially all of the corporate
trust business of the Delaware Trustee, shall be the successor Delaware Trustee under this Declaration without the execution, delivery
or filing of any paper or instrument or further act to be done on the part of the parties hereto, except as may be required by applicable
law. 

Section 12.5 Liability . 

(a) The
Delaware Trustee shall be entitled to all of the same rights, protections, indemnities and immunities under this Declaration and with
respect to the Trust and the shareholders as the board of trustees. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Declaration which
adversely affects the Delaware Trustee shall be effective against it without its prior written consent. 

(b) The
Delaware Trustee shall not be liable for supervising or monitoring the performance and the duties and obligations of any other Person,
including, without limitation, the board of trustees or the Adviser or the Trust under this Declaration or any related document. The
Delaware Trustee shall not be personally liable under any circumstances, except for its own willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence.
In particular, but not by way of limitation: 

(i) the Delaware Trustee shall not be personally liable for any error of judgment made in good faith; 

(ii) no provision of this Declaration shall require the Delaware Trustee to expend or risk its personal funds or otherwise incur any
financial liability in the performance of its rights or powers hereunder, if the Delaware Trustee shall have reasonable grounds for believing
that the payment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured or provided to it; 

(iii) under no circumstances shall the Delaware Trustee be personally liable for any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or
indebtedness of the Trust; 

(iv) the Delaware Trustee shall not be personally responsible for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Declaration or
for the due execution hereof by any other party hereto; 

(v) the Delaware Trustee shall incur no liability to anyone in acting upon any signature, instrument, notice, resolution, request,
consent, order, certificate, report, opinion, bond or other document or paper reasonably believed by it to be genuine and reasonably believed
by it to be signed by the proper party or parties. The Delaware Trustee may accept a certified copy of a resolution of the board of directors
or other governing body of any corporate party as conclusive evidence that such resolution has been duly adopted by such body and that
the same is in full force and effect. As to any fact or matter the manner of ascertainment of which is not specifically prescribed herein,
the Delaware Trustee may for all purposes hereof rely on a certificate or resolution, signed by the board of trustees or an officer of
the Trust as to such fact or matter, and such certificate shall constitute full protection to the Delaware Trustee for any action taken
or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in reliance thereon; 

18 

(vi) in the exercise or administration of the Trust hereunder, the Delaware Trustee (A) may act directly or through agents or attorneys
pursuant to agreements entered into with any of them, and the Delaware Trustee shall not be liable for the default or misconduct of such
agents or attorneys if such agents or attorneys shall have been selected by the Delaware Trustee in good faith and (B) may consult with
counsel, accountants and other skilled persons to be selected by it in good faith and employed by it, and it shall not be liable for anything
done, suffered or omitted in good faith by it in accordance with the advice or opinion of any such counsel, accountants or other skilled
persons; 

(vii) in accepting and performing its express duties hereunder the Delaware Trustee acts solely as Delaware Trustee hereunder and not
in its individual capacity, and all persons having any claim against the Delaware Trustee by reason of the transactions contemplated by
this Declaration shall look only to the Trust for payment or satisfaction thereof; and 

(viii) the Delaware Trustee shall incur no liability if, by reason of any provision of any present or future law or regulation thereunder,
or by any force majeure event, including but not limited to natural disaster, act of war or terrorism, or other circumstances beyond its
reasonable control, the Delaware Trustee shall be prevented or forbidden from doing or performing any act or thing which the terms of
this Declaration provide shall or may be done or performed, or by reason of any exercise of, or failure to exercise, any discretion provided
for in this Declaration. 

Section 12.6 Successors .
In the event of the appointment of a successor Delaware Trustee, such successor shall cause an amendment to the certificate of trust of
the Trust to be filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware in accordance with Section 3810 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute,
indicating the change of the Delaware Trustee s identity. 

Section 12.7 Compensation and
Reimbursement of Expenses . The Trust hereby agrees to (i) compensate the Delaware Trustee in accordance with a separate fee agreement
with the Delaware Trustee, (ii) reimburse the Delaware Trustee for all reasonable expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of
counsel and other experts) and (iii) indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Delaware Trustee and any of the officers, directors, employees
and agents of the Delaware Trustee (the Indemnified Persons from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities,
claims, actions, suits, costs, expenses, disbursements (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), taxes and penalties of
any kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, Expenses ), to the extent that such Expenses arise out of or are imposed
upon or asserted at any time against such Indemnified Persons with respect to the performance of any duties contemplated by this Declaration,
the creation, operation or termination of the Trust or the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that the Trust shall not
be required to indemnify any Indemnified Person for any Expenses which are a result of the willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence
of such Indemnified Person. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Expenses to be incurred by an Indemnified Person shall, from time
to time, be advanced by, or on behalf of, the Trust prior to the final disposition of any matter upon receipt by the Trust of an undertaking
by, or on behalf of, such Indemnified Person to repay such amount if it shall be determined that the Indemnified Person is not entitled
to be indemnified under this Declaration. 

ARTICLE XIII 

Miscellaneous 

Section 13.1 Filing . 

(a) This
Declaration and any amendment or supplement hereto shall be filed in such places as may be required or as the Trustees deem appropriate.
Each amendment or supplement shall be accompanied by a certificate signed and acknowledged by a Trustee stating that such action was
duly taken in a manner provided herein, and shall, upon insertion in the Trust s minute book, be conclusive evidence of all amendments
contained therein. A restated Declaration, containing the original Declaration and all amendments and supplements theretofore made, may
be executed from time to time by a majority of the Trustees and shall, upon insertion in the Trust s minute book, be conclusive
evidence of all amendments and supplements contained therein and may thereafter be referred to in lieu of the original Declaration and
the various amendments and supplements thereto. 

19 

(b) The
Trustees hereby ratify the previous filing of the Certificate of Trust with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
in accordance with the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute. 

Section 13.2 Governing Law .
The trust set forth in this instrument is made in the State of Delaware, and the Trust and this Declaration, and the rights and obligations
of the Trustees and Shareholders hereunder, are to be governed by and construed and administered according to the Delaware Statutory Trust
Statute and the laws of said State; provided, however, that there shall not be applicable to the Trust, the Trustees or this Declaration
(a) the provisions of Sections 3540 and 3561 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code or (b) any provisions of the laws (statutory or common)
of the State of Delaware (other than the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute) pertaining to trusts which relate to or regulate: (i) the filing
with any court or governmental body or agency of trustee accounts or schedules of trustee fees and charges, (ii) affirmative requirements
to post bonds for trustees, officers, agents or employees of a trust, (iii) the necessity for obtaining court or other governmental approval
concerning the acquisition, holding or disposition of real or personal property, (iv) fees or other sums payable to trustees, officers,
agents or employees of a trust, (v) the allocation of receipts and expenditures to income or principal, (vi) restrictions or limitations
on the permissible nature, amount or concentration of trust investments or requirements relating to the titling, storage or other manner
of holding of trust assets, or (vii) the establishment of fiduciary or other standards or responsibilities or limitations on the acts
or powers of trustees, which are inconsistent with the limitations or liabilities or authorities and powers of the Trustees set forth
or referenced in this Declaration. The Trust shall be of the type commonly called a statutory trust , and without limiting
the provisions hereof, the Trust may exercise all powers which are ordinarily exercised by such a trust under Delaware law. The Trust
specifically reserves the right to exercise any of the powers or privileges afforded to trusts or actions that may be engaged in by trusts
under the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, and the absence of a specific reference herein to any such power, privilege or action shall
not imply that the Trust may not exercise such power or privilege or take such actions. 

Section 13.3 Exclusive Delaware
Jurisdiction . Each Trustee, each officer and each Person legally or beneficially owning a Share or an interest in a Share of the Trust
(whether through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation or an agent of any of the foregoing or otherwise), to the
fullest extent permitted by law, including Section 3804(e) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, (i) irrevocably agrees that any claims,
suits, actions or proceedings asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs (or similar) doctrine or arising out of or relating in
any way to the Trust, the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, this Declaration or the Bylaws (including, without limitation, any claims,
suits, actions or proceedings to interpret, apply or enforce (A) the provisions of this Declaration or the Bylaws, or (B) the duties (including
fiduciary duties), obligations or liabilities of the Trust to the Shareholders or the Trustees, or of officers or the Trustees to the
Trust, to the Shareholders or each other, or (C) the rights or powers of, or restrictions on, the Trust, the officers, the Trustees or
the Shareholders, or (D) any provision of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute or other laws of the State of Delaware pertaining to trusts
made applicable to the Trust pursuant to Section 3809 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, or (E) any other instrument, document,
agreement or certificate contemplated by any provision of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, the Declaration or the Bylaws relating
in any way to the Trust (regardless, in each case, of whether such claims, suits, actions or proceedings (x) sound in contract, tort,
fraud or otherwise, (y) are based on common law, statutory, equitable, legal or other grounds, or (z) are derivative or direct claims)),
shall be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction
thereof, any other court in the State of Delaware with subject matter jurisdiction, (ii) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of such courts in connection with any such claim, suit, action or proceeding, (iii) irrevocably agrees not to, and waives any right to,
assert in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding that (A) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such courts or any other
court to which proceedings in such courts may be appealed, (B) such claim, suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum,
or (C) the venue of such claim, suit, action or proceeding is improper, (iv) consents to process being served in any such claim, suit,
action or proceeding by mailing, certified mail, return receipt requested, a copy thereof to such party at the address in effect for notices
hereunder, and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof; provided, nothing
in clause (iv) hereof shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law, and (v) irrevocably waives
any and all right to trial by jury in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding. This Section 13.3 shall not apply to any claims brought
under federal securities law, or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Section 13.4 Counterparts . This Declaration may be simultaneously executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original,
and such counterparts, together, shall constitute one and the same instrument, which shall be sufficiently evidenced by any such original
counterpart. 

20 

Section 13.5 Reliance by Third
Parties . Any certificate executed by an individual who, according to the records of the Trust, or of any recording office in which
this Declaration may be recorded, appears to be a Trustee hereunder, certifying to: (a) the number or identity of Trustees or Shareholders,
(b) the name of the Trust, 

 (c) 
 the due authorization of the execution of any instrument or writing, (d) the form of any vote passed at a meeting of Trustees or
Shareholders, (e) the fact that the number of Trustees or Shareholders present at any meeting or executing any written instrument satisfies
the requirements of this Declaration, (f) the form of any By-Laws adopted by or the identity of any officers elected by the Trustees,
or (g) the existence of any fact or facts which in any manner relate to the affairs of the Trust, shall be conclusive evidence as to the
matters so certified in favor of any person dealing with the Trustees and their successors. 

Section 13.6 Provisions in Conflict
with Law or Regulation . (a) The provisions of this Declaration are severable, and if the Trustees shall determine, with the advice
of counsel, that any of such provisions is in conflict with the 1940 Act, the regulated investment company provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code or with other applicable laws and regulations, the conflicting provision shall be deemed never to have constituted a part
of this Declaration; provided, however, that such determination shall not affect any of the remaining provisions of this Declaration or
render invalid or improper any action taken or omitted prior to such determination. 

(b) If
any provision of this Declaration shall be held invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall
attach only to such provision in such jurisdiction and shall not in any manner affect such provision in any other jurisdiction or any
other provision of this Declaration in any jurisdiction. 

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Declaration, nothing herein modifying, restricting or eliminating the duties or liabilities of the Trustees,
Officers, and the Delaware Trustee shall apply to, or in any way limit, the duties (including state law fiduciary duties of loyalty and
care) or liabilities of such persons with respect to matters arising under the federal securities laws. 

Section 13.7 Amendment and
Restatement . This Declaration is intended to amend and restate in its entirety the Initial Declaration. This Declaration shall not
constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities existing under the Initial Declaration or evidence fulfillment or termination
of any such obligations and liabilities. 

Article XIV 

Tax Matters 

Section 14.1 Partnership Classification .
The Trust is intended to be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal tax purposes; provided, however, that the Trustee may cause the
Trust to file with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service an election to be classified as an association taxable as a corporation if it deems
such classification to be in the best interest of the Shareholders. Until any such election is made, the Trustee shall not permit transfers
or redemptions of Shares if the Trustee believes that such transfer or redemption could cause the Trust to be treated as a publicly traded
partnership under Section 7704 of the Code that is taxed as a corporation. 

Section 14.2 Capital Accounts . There shall be established on the books and records of capital account (a Capital Account for
each Shareholder. In the event of any transfer of Shares in accordance with the terms of this Declaration of Trust, the transferee shall
succeed to the Capital Account of the transferor to the extent it relates to the transferred Shares. Each Shareholder s Capital
Account will be (i) increased by the amount of any capital contributed to the Trust (net of any associated liabilities) by such Shareholder;
(ii) increased or decreased by income, gain, loss or deduction allocated to that Partner pursuant to Sections 14.2 and 14.3 of this Declaration
of Trust; and (iii) decreased by the amount of any distributions from the Trust to such Shareholder pursuant to this Declaration of Trust.
The foregoing provisions and the other provisions of this Declaration of Trust relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended
to comply with Treasury Regulations Sections 1.7041(b) and 1.704-2 and will be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent therewith. 

21 

Section 14.3 Allocations of Profits and Losses . 

(b) After
making any special allocations required under Section 14.2 hereof, profits and losses as determined for purposes of maintaining capital
accounts under Treasury Regulations section 1.704(b)-1 shall be allocated to the Shareholders in proportion to their Shares. 

(c) Notwithstanding
any other provision in this Declaration of Trust, the Trust shall comply with the regulatory allocations provided in Section 704 of the
Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, including the minimum gain and the qualified income offset 
provisions. If any special allocations are made under this Section 14.3(b) (the Tax Regulatory Allocations ), the
Trustee may take such Tax Regulatory Allocations into account in making subsequent allocations of income, gain, loss or deduction to
the Shareholders, and may make such further special allocations as may be necessary or appropriate to prevent the Tax Regulatory Allocations
from distorting the manner in which the distributions in respect will be divided among the Shareholders pursuant to this Declaration
of Trust. 

(d) If
any property is distributed in kind by the Trust to Shareholders, immediately before such distribution, such property shall be deemed
to be sold for its fair market value as determined by the Advisor, and any resulting deemed gain or loss shall be allocated amongst the
Shareholders pursuant to Section 14.3(a). 

(e) Notwithstanding
any provision of this Declaration of Trust, each item of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit as determined for U.S. federal income
tax purposes shall be allocated in the same manner as the related items are allocated under Sections 14.3(a) (c); provided that
the Trustee may adjust such allocations as may be necessary or desirable to ensure that such allocations are in accordance with the interests
of the Shareholders or otherwise comply with the applicable provisions of the Code and Treasury Regulations (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, Section 704(c) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder). To the extent any property of the Trust is
credited to the Capital Account of a Shareholder at a value other than its tax basis (whether as a result of a contribution of such property
or a revaluation of such property), then allocations of taxable income, gain, loss and deductions with respect to such property shall
be made in a manner which will comply with Code Sections 704(b) and 704(c) and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. 

Section
14.4 . Partnership Representative . The Advisor (or such other eligible person as designated by the Trustee) is designated
to act as the Partnership Representative (as that term is defined in Section 6223(a) of the Code) and the Trustee
shall appoint any required designated individual. In such capacity, the Partnership Representative (and any designated individual)
shall have sole discretion to make or refrain from making any election or otherwise act on behalf of the Trust in any audit
proceeding involving the Trust. Each Shareholder expressly consents to such designation and agrees that, upon the reasonable request
of the Trustee, it will execute, acknowledge, deliver, file and record at the appropriate public offices such documents as may be
necessary or appropriate to effect such consent. Each Shareholder agrees not to treat, without the prior consent of the Trustee
(which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld), on its U.S. federal income tax return or in any claim for a refund, any income,
gain, loss, deduction or credit in a manner inconsistent with the treatment of such item by the Trust as reflected in any
information furnished to such Shareholder. The Partnership Representative shall have all of the powers and authority of a
 partnership representative under the Code and analogous U.S. state and local laws or non-U.S. laws. The Partnership
Representative (and any designated individual) shall represent the Trust (at the Trust s expense) in connection with all
administrative and/or judicial proceedings by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or any U.S. taxing authority involving any U.S. tax
return of the Trust and may expend the Trust s funds for professional services and costs associated therewith. Each
Shareholder (or former Shareholder) agrees to indemnify the Trust for any taxes (and related interest, penalties or other charges or
expenses) payable by the Trust and attributable to such Shareholder s (or former Shareholder s) interest in the Trust,
as reasonably determined by the Partnership Representative. The foregoing obligation shall survive the withdrawal of any Shareholder
and/or the dissolution and liquidation of the Trust. Any taxes (and related interest, penalties or other charges or expenses) that
are payable by the Trust shall, to the extent attributable to a Shareholder s (or former Shareholder s) interest in the
Trust, be treated as distributed to such Shareholder. To the maximum extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Partnership Representative
(and any designated individual) shall be entitled to indemnification from the Trust for any act performed by it within the scope of its
duties as such except to the extent such act constitutes gross negligence or willful misconduct.

Section 14.5 
 Tax
Elections . The Trustee shall be entitled to make or revoke or refrain from making any tax election available to the Trust, including
the election provided under Section 754 of the Code. Each Shareholder agrees to furnish to the Trustee such information as may be reasonably
required for the Trust to comply with any tax accounting, withholding and reporting obligations.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

22 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
undersigned have caused this Declaration to be executed as of the day and year first above written. 

By: 
 /s/ Paul Moore 

Name: 
 Paul Moore 

Title: 
 Chairman of the Board 

The Corporation Trust Company , as 
Delaware Trustee 

By: 
 /s/ Jennifer A. Schwartz 

Name: 
 Jennifer A. Schwartz 

Title: 

Assistant Vice President 

23 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-14.1>
 3
 ea156485_ex14-1.htm
 CODE OF ETHICS

Exhibit 14.1 

WELLINGS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC 

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

June 8, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

I. 
 INTRODUCTION 
 1 

II. 
 PURPOSE OF THE CODE 
 1 

III. 
 APPLICATION OF THE CODE 
 2 

Section 3.1 Scope of the Code of Ethics 
 2 

Section 3.2 Definitions 
 2 

Section 3.3 Standards of Conduct 
 4 

IV. 
 PRINCIPLES OF BUSINESS CONDUCT 
 5 

Section 4.1 Conflicts of Interest 
 5 

Section 4.2 Corporate Opportunities 
 5 

Section 4.3 Confidentiality 
 5 

Section 4.4 Fair Dealing 
 5 

Section 4.5 Protection and Proper Use of Company Assets 
 6 

Section 4.6 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 6 

Section 4.7 Compliance with Applicable Laws, Rules and Regulations 
 6 

Section 4.8 Equal Opportunity, Harassment 
 6 

Section 4.9 Gifts 
 6 

Section 4.10 Accuracy of Company Records 
 7 

Section 4.11 Retaining Business Communications 
 7 

Section 4.12 Outside Employment 
 7 

Section 4.13 Service as a Director 
 8 

Section 4.14 Political Contributions 
 8 

Section 4.15 Media Relations 
 8 

Section 4.16 Intellectual Property Information 
 8 

Section 4.17 Internet and Email Policy 
 8 

Section 4.18 Reporting Violations and Complaint Handling 
 8 

V. 
 IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CODE 
 9 

Section 5.1 Prohibited Transactions 
 9 

Section 5.2 Management of the Restricted List 
 10 

Section 5.3 Procedures to Implement this Code 
 10 

Section 5.4 Reporting Requirements 
 10 

Section 5.5 Pre-Clearance Reports 
 10 

Section 5.6 Initial Holdings Reports 
 10 

Section 5.7 Quarterly Transaction Reports 
 11 

Section 5.8 Annual Holdings Reports 
 11 

Section 5.9 Annual Certification of Compliance 
 11 

VI. 
 STATEMENT ON THE PROHIBITION OF INSIDER TRADING 
 12 

VII. 
 ADMINISTRATION OF THE CODE 
 16 

VIII. 
 SANCTIONS FOR CODE VIOLATIONS 
 17 

IX. 
 APPLICATION/WAIVERS 
 17 

X. 
 RECORDS 
 17 

XI. 
 REVISIONS AND AMENDMENTS 
 18 

Appendix A 
 A-1 

Appendix B 
 B-1 

Appendix C 
 C-1 

Appendix D 
 D-1 

Appendix E 
 E-1 

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

I. INTRODUCTION 

Wellings Capital
Management, LLC, (the Firm or us 
or we ), is a Delaware limited liability company
that is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers
Act ). Wellings Capital Management, LLC currently serves as the investment adviser to Wellings Real Estate Income
Fund Wellings BDC ), an externally managed,
non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ).
Unless otherwise noted, all references herein to the BDC Clients 
apply equally to Wellings BDC and any other future BDC client the Firm may serve as investment adviser to. The Firm also provides investment
advisory and administrative services to six real estate investment funds and a statutory trust fund. 

Ethics are important
to the Firm and to its management. The Firm is committed to the highest ethical standards and to conducting its business with the highest
level of integrity. 

All officers,
directors and employees of the Firm are responsible for maintaining this level of integrity and for complying with the policies contained
in this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Statement on the Prohibition of Insider Trading (this Code ). If you
have any questions or concerns about what is proper conduct for you or anyone else, please raise these concerns with the Firm s
Chief Compliance Officer, who is responsible for administering and monitoring this Code (the Chief Compliance Officer ),
and follow the procedures outlined in applicable sections of this Code. 

This Code has
been adopted by Senior management of Directors of the Company (the Board in accordance with Rule 17j-l(c) under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), Item 406 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and the May 9, 1994 Report of the Advisory Group on Personal
Investing by the Investment Company Institute (the Report ). Rule 17j-l of the 1940 Act generally describes fraudulent
or manipulative practices with respect to purchases or sales of securities held or to be acquired by business development companies if
effected by access persons of such companies. 

II. PURPOSE OF THE CODE 

This Code is intended to: 

help you recognize ethical issues and take the appropriate steps to resolve these issues; 

deter ethical violations to avoid any abuse of position of trust and responsibility; 

maintain confidentiality of our business activities; 

assist you in complying with applicable securities laws; 

assist you in reporting any unethical or illegal conduct; and 

reaffirm and promote our commitment to a corporate culture that values honesty, integrity, and accountability. 

Further, it is
the policy of the Company that no affiliated person of our organization shall, in connection with the purchase or sale, directly or indirectly,
by such person of any security held or to be acquired by the Company: 

1 

employ any device, scheme, or artifice to defraud us; 

make any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
to us a material fact in order to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which it is made, not misleading; 

engage in any act, practice, or course of business which
operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon us; or 

engage in any manipulative practices with respect to our
business activities. 

All officers,
directors, and employees, as a condition of employment or continued employment or service to the Company and the Advisor, as applicable,
will acknowledge annually, in writing, in the form attached hereto as Appendix A , that they have received a copy of this Code,
read it, and understand that this Code contains our expectations regarding their conduct. 

III. APPLICATION OF THE CODE 

The employees specified in the following discussion will be subject
to the provisions of this Code. 

Section 3.1
 Scope of the Code of Ethics . In order to prevent the Company s Access Persons, as defined below, from engaging in any of
these prohibited acts, practices or courses of business, Senior management has adopted this Code of Ethics. 

Section 3.2 Definitions . In
addition to terms expressly defined elsewhere herein, the following words shall have the following meanings as used in this Code: 

Access Person 
means any director, officer, partner, employee, or Advisory Person (as defined below) of the Company; provided, however, that the term
 Access Person will not include a Disinterested Director (as defined below). 

Advisory
Person means: (i) any director, officer or employee of the Company or of any company in a control relationship to the Company, who,
in connection with his or her regular duties, makes, participates in or obtains information regarding the purchase or sale of a Covered
Security (as defined below) by the Company, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendations with respect to such purchases
or sales; and (ii) any natural person in a control relationship to the Company who obtains information concerning recommendations made
to the Company with regard to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security. An Advisory Person shall not include a Disinterested Director. 

Automatic
Investment Plan refers to any program in which regular periodic purchases (or withdrawals) are made automatically in (or from) investment
accounts in accordance with a predetermined schedule and allocation, including a distribution reinvestment plan. 

Beneficial
Interest includes any entity, person, trust, or account with respect to which an Access Person exercises investment discretion or
provides investment advice. A beneficial interest shall be presumed to include all accounts in the name of or for the benefit of the Access
Person, his or her spouse, dependent children or any person living with him or her or to whom he or she contributed economic support. 

Beneficial
Ownership shall be determined in accordance with Rule 16a-1(a)(2) under the Exchange Act, except that the determination of direct
or indirect Beneficial Ownership shall apply to all securities, and not just equity securities, that an Access Person has or acquires.
Rule 16a-1(a)(2) provides that the term beneficial owner means any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract,
arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares a direct or indirect pecuniary interest in any equity security. Therefore,
an Access Person may be deemed to have Beneficial Ownership of securities held by members of his or her immediate family sharing the same
household, or by certain partnerships, trusts, corporations, or other arrangements. 

2 

Blackout
Period means that timeframe in which the Company or an Access Person, or Disinterested Director with knowledge of the Company s
trading activity, may not engage in trading in an issue, or its related securities, appearing on the Company s Restricted List as
described below. 

Control shall have the same meaning as that set forth
in Section 2(a)(9) of the 1940 Act. 

Covered Security means
any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, bond, debenture, evidence of indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation
in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, preorganization certificate or subscription, transferable share, investment
contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of deposit for a security, fractional undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral
rights, any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege on any security or on any group or index of securities, or any put, call, straddle,
option, or privilege entered into on a national securities exchange relating to foreign currency, or in general, any interest or instrument
commonly known as a security, or any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificate for,
receipt for, guaranty of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase any of the foregoing, except that a Covered Security does not
include: 

1. Direct obligations of the Government of the United States; 

2. Bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper, and high quality short-term
debt instruments, including repurchase agreements; 

3. Shares issued by money market funds; 

4. Shares issued by open-end funds; and 

5. Shares issued by unit investment trusts that are invested exclusively in one or more open-end funds. 

Disinterested
Director means a director of the Company who is not an interested person of the Company within the meaning of Section
2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 

Initial Public
Offering means an offering of securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
the issuer of which, immediately before the registration, was not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act. 

Limited Offering 
means an offering that is exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) or Section 4(6) or pursuant to
Rule 504, Rule 505, or Rule 506 of the Securities Act. 

3 

Purchase
or Sale of a Covered Security includes, among other things, the writing of an option to purchase or sell a Covered Security, or the
use of a derivative product to take a position in a Covered Security. 

Restricted
List means the list that identifies those securities which the Company or its Access Persons may not trade due to some restriction
under the securities laws whereby the Company or its Access Persons may be deemed to possess material nonpublic information (as it is
described within the Insider Trading Policy Statement) about the issuer of such securities. 

Supervised
Person means any partner, officer, director (or other person occupying a similar status or performing similar functions) or employee
of any entity that provides investment advice on behalf of the Company and is subject to the supervision and control of the Company; provided,
however, that Supervised Person shall not include Disinterested Directors. 

Section 3.3 Standards of Conduct . 

3.3.1. No
Access Person, Supervised Person or Disinterested Director shall engage, directly or indirectly, in any business transaction or arrangement
for personal profit that is not in the best interests of the Company or its stockholders; nor shall he or she make use of any confidential
information gained by reason of his or her employment by or affiliation with the Company, or any of its affiliates, in order to derive
a personal profit for himself or herself or for any Beneficial Interest, in violation of the fiduciary duty owed to the Company and its
stockholders. 

3.3.2. Any
Access Person recommending or authorizing the purchase or sale of a Covered Security by the Company shall, at the time of such recommendation
or authorization, disclose any Beneficial Interest in, or Beneficial Ownership of, such Covered Security or the issuer thereof. 

3.3.3. No
Access Person, Supervised Person or Disinterested Director shall dispense any information concerning securities holdings or securities
transactions of the Company to anyone outside the Company without obtaining prior written approval from the Chief Compliance Officer,
or such person or persons as these individuals may designate to act on their behalf. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, such Access
Person may dispense such information without obtaining prior written approval: 

when there is a public report containing the same information; 

when such information is dispensed in accordance with compliance procedures established to prevent conflicts
of interest between the Company and its affiliates; 

when such information is reported to directors of the Company; or 

in the ordinary course of his or her duties on behalf of the Company. 

3.3.4. All
personal securities transactions should be conducted consistent with this Code and the Insider Trading Policy Statement and in such manner
as to avoid actual or potential conflicts of interest, the appearance of a conflict of interest, or any abuse of an individual s
position of trust and responsibility within the Company. 

4 

IV. PRINCIPLES OF BUSINESS CONDUCT 

All officers,
directors, and employees of the Company and the Advisor will be subject to the following guidelines covering business conduct, except
as noted below: 

Section 4.1
 Conflicts of Interest . You must avoid any conflict, or the appearance of a conflict, between your personal interests and our interests.
A conflict exists when your personal interests in any way interfere with our interests, or when you take any action or have any interests
that may make it difficult for you to perform your job objectively and effectively. For example, a conflict of interest probably exists
if: 

you cause us or the Advisor to enter into business relationships with you or a member of your family,
or invest in companies affiliated with you or a member of your family; 

you use any nonpublic information about us or the Advisor, our customers or our other business partners
for your personal gain, or the gain of a member of your family; or 

you use or communicate confidential information obtained in the course of your work for your or another s
personal benefit. 

Section 4.2
 Corporate Opportunities . Each of us has a duty to advance the legitimate interests of the Company when the opportunity to do so
presents itself. Therefore, you may not: 

take for yourself personally opportunities, including investment opportunities,
discovered through the use of your position with us or the Advisor, or through the use of either s property or information; 

use our or the Advisor s property, information or position for your personal
gain or the gain of a family member; or 

compete, or prepare to compete, with us or the Advisor. 

Section 4.3 Confidentiality .
You must not disclose confidential information regarding us, the Advisor, our affiliates, our lenders, our clients, or our other business
partners, unless disclosure is authorized or required by law. Confidential information includes all nonpublic information that might be
harmful to, or useful to the competitors of, the Company, our affiliates, our lenders, our clients, or our other business partners. This
obligation continues even after you leave the Company, until the information becomes publicly available. 

Section 4.4 Fair
Dealing . You must endeavor to deal fairly with our customers, suppliers and business partners, or any other companies or individuals
with whom we do business or come into contact with, including fellow employees and our competitors. You must not take unfair advantage
of these or other parties by means of: 

manipulation; 

concealment; 

abuse of privileged information; 

misrepresentation of material facts; or 

any other unfair-dealing practice. 

5 

Section 4.5 Protection
and Proper Use of Company Assets . Our assets are to be used only for legitimate business purposes. You should protect our assets and
ensure that they are used efficiently. 

Incidental personal
use of telephones, fax machines, copy machines, personal computers and similar equipment is generally allowed if there is no significant
added cost to us, it does not interfere with your work duties, and is not related to an illegal activity or to any outside business. 

Section 4.6
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act . The United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act prohibits giving anything of value, directly or
indirectly, to foreign government officials or foreign political candidates in order to obtain, retain or direct business. Accordingly,
corporate funds, property or anything of value may not be, directly or indirectly, offered or given by a person to whom this Code is applicable
or an agent acting on such person s behalf, to a foreign official, foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate
for a foreign political office for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of such foreign person or inducing such person to use
his or her influence, or in order to assist in obtaining or retaining business for, or directing business to, any person. 

All persons to
whom this Code is applicable are also prohibited from offering or paying anything of value to any foreign person if it is known or it
should have been known that all or part of such payment will be used for the above-described prohibited actions. This provision includes
situations when intermediaries, such as affiliates or agents, are used to channel payoffs to foreign officials. 

Section 4.7 Compliance
with Applicable Laws, Rules and Regulations . Each of us has a duty to comply with all laws, rules and regulations that apply to our
business. Please talk to the Chief Compliance Officer if you have any questions about how to comply with the above regulations and other
laws, rules, and regulations. 

In addition,
we expect you to comply with all our policies and procedures that apply to you. We may modify or update our policies and procedures in
the future, and may adopt new company policies and procedures from time to time. You are also expected to observe the terms of any confidentiality
agreement, employment agreement or other similar agreement that applies to you. 

Section 4.8
 Equal Opportunity; Harassment . We are committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment practices including selection,
hiring, promotion, transfer and compensation of all qualified applicants and employees without regard to race, color, sex or gender, sexual
orientation, religion, age, national origin, handicap, disability, citizenship status or any other status protected by law. With this
in mind, there are certain behaviors that will not be tolerated. These include harassment, violence, intimidation, and discrimination
of any kind involving race, color, gender, sexual orientation, religion, age, national origin, handicap, disability, citizenship status,
marital status or any other status protected by law. 

Section 4.9 Gifts .
Gifts can appear to compromise the integrity and honesty of our personnel. On the other hand, business colleagues often wish to provide
small gifts to others as a way of demonstrating appreciation or interest. We have attempted to balance these considerations in the policy
which follows. 

No person employed
by the Company or the Advisor shall accept a gift or other thing of more than de minimis value 500 or less) from any person or entity
that does business with, or is soliciting business from, the Company. Gifts exceeding that amount per person must be returned and the
gift, its approximate value and its disposition reported to the Chief Compliance Officer. Such persons of the Company and the Advisor
may accept gifts in the form of customary business entertainment (such as meals or tickets to sporting or other entertainment events)
so long as the giver will be present at the entertainment. Gifts to the Company as a whole or to an entire department (for example, accounting,
analysts, etc.) may exceed the 500 limitation, but such gifts must be approved by the Chief Compliance Officer. 

6 

All gifts shall
be reflected in a gift log, containing a basic description of the gift, a good faith estimate of the value of the gift and a description
of its disposition (that is, accepted, rejected, returned to sender, etc.). 

Solicitation of gifts is strictly prohibited. 

Standards for
giving gifts are identical to those governing the acceptance of gifts (that is they should be restricted to items worth 500 or less).
On the whole, good taste and judgment must be exercised in both the receipt and giving of gifts. Every person subject to this Code must
avoid gifts or entertainment that would compromise the Company s standing or reputation. If you are offered or receive any gift
which is either prohibited or questionable, you must inform the Chief Compliance Officer immediately. Disinterested Directors are not
subject to these requirements. 

Section 4.10
 Accuracy of Company Records . We require honest and accurate recording and reporting of information in order to make responsible
business decisions. This includes such data as quality, safety, and personnel records, as well as financial records. All financial books,
records and accounts must accurately reflect transactions and events, and conform both to required accounting principles and to our system
of internal controls. 

Section 4.11
 Retaining Business Communications . The law requires us to maintain certain types of corporate records, usually for specified periods
of time. Failure to retain those records for those minimum periods could subject us to penalties and fines, cause the loss of rights,
obstruct justice, place us in contempt of court or seriously disadvantage us in litigation. 

From time to
time we establish retention or destruction policies in order to ensure legal compliance. We expect you to fully comply with any published
records retention or destruction policies, provided that you should note the following exception: If you believe, or we inform you, that
our records are relevant to any litigation or governmental action, or any potential litigation or action, then you must preserve those
records until we determine the records are no longer needed. This exception supersedes any previously or subsequently established destruction
policies for those records. If you believe that this exception may apply, or have any questions regarding the possible applicability of
this exception, please contact the Chief Compliance Officer. The personal records of Disinterested Directors are not subject to these
requirements. 

Section 4.12
 Outside Employment . Without the written consent of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the Chief Executive Officer ),
no person employed by the Company or the Advisor is permitted to: 

engage in any other financial services business for profit; 

be employed or compensated by any other business for work performed; or 

have a significant (more than 5 equity) interest in any other financial services
business including, but not limited to, banks, brokerages, investment advisors, insurance companies or any other similar business. 

Requests for
outside employment waivers should be made in writing to the Chief Executive Officer with a copy to the Chief Compliance Officer. 

7 

Section 4.13
 Service as a Director . No person employed by the Company or the Advisor shall serve as a director or officer of any organization,
other than a charitable organization, without prior written authorization from the Chief Compliance Officer. Any request to serve on the
board of such an organization must include the name of the entity and its business, the names of the other board members, and a general
reason for the request. The Chief Compliance Officer shall consult with the Chief Executive Officer in connection with such request. Disinterested
Directors are not subject to these requirements, but should give notice to the Chief Compliance Officer prior to serving as a director
or officer of any such organization. 

Section 4.14
 Political Contributions . Persons associated with the Company or any of its affiliated organizations may direct personal funds as
contributions to political action committees or political candidates; however, any amount contributed in excess of 150 (regardless of
whether one may vote for the candidate) must be pre-approved by the Chief Compliance Officer, or their designee. Persons associated with
the Company or the Advisor will be required to disclose any political contributions made no less frequently than annually. Disinterested
Directors are not subject to the pre-clearance or annual disclosure requirements. 

Section 4.15
 Media Relations . We must speak with a unified voice in all dealings with the press and other media. As a result, the Chief Executive
Officer, or his or her designee, is the sole contact for media seeking information about the Company. Any requests from the media must
be referred to the Chief Executive Officer, or his or her designee. 

Section 4.16
 Intellectual Property Information . Information generated in our business is a valuable asset. Protecting this information plays
an important role in our growth and ability to compete. Such information includes business and research plans, objectives and strategies,
trade secrets, unpublished financial information, salary and benefits data and lender and other business partner lists. Employees who
have access to our intellectual property information are obligated to safeguard it from unauthorized access and must: 

Not disclose this information to persons outside of the Company; 

Not use this information for personal benefit or the benefit
of persons outside of the Company; and 

Not share this information with other employees except on
a legitimate need to know basis. 

Section 4.17
 Internet and Email Policy . We provide an email system and Internet access to certain of our employees to help them do their work.
You may use the email system and the Internet only for legitimate business purposes in the course of your duties. Incidental and occasional
personal use is permitted, but never for personal gain or any improper or illegal use. Further, you are prohibited from discussing or
posting information regarding the Company in any external electronic forum, including Internet chat rooms, electronic bulletin boards
or social media sites. 

Section 4.18
 Reporting Violations and Complaint Handling . You are responsible for compliance with the rules, standards and principles described
in this Code. In addition, you should be alert to possible violations of the Code by the Company s or the Advisor s employees,
officers, and directors, and you are expected to report a violation promptly. All reports of possible violations should be made in accordance
with the Company s Whistleblower Policy, as adopted in March, 2022. 

8 

V. IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CODE 

Section 5.1 Prohibited Transactions . 

5.1.1. General
Prohibition . No Access Person shall purchase or sell, directly or indirectly, any Covered Security (including any security issued
by the issuer of such Covered Security) in which he or she has, or by reason of such transaction acquires, any direct or indirect Beneficial
Ownership and which such Access Person knows or should have known at the time of such purchase or sale is being considered for purchase
or sale by the Company, or is held in the Company portfolio unless such Access Person shall have obtained prior written approval for
such purpose from the Chief Compliance Officer. 

An Access Person who becomes aware that the Company is considering the purchase
or sale of any Covered Security must immediately notify the Chief Compliance Officer of any interest that such Access Person may have
in any outstanding Covered Security (including any security issued by the issuer of such Covered Security). 

An Access Person shall similarly notify the Chief Compliance Officer of any other
interest or connection that such Access Person might have in or with such issuer. 

Once an Access Person becomes aware that the Company is considering the purchase
or sale of a Covered Security, such Access Person may not engage in any transaction in such Covered Security (including any security issued
by the issuer of such Covered Security). 

The foregoing notifications or permission may be provided verbally, but should
be confirmed in writing as soon and with as much detail as possible. 

5.1.2. Initial
Public Offerings and Limited Offerings . Access Persons of the Company must obtain approval from the Company before directly or indirectly
acquiring Beneficial Ownership in any securities in an Initial Public Offering or in a Limited Offering where such securities are issued
by (i) an issuer or entity whose outstanding securities are held or being considered for purchase by the Company, or any control affiliate
thereof; or (ii) an entity that is currently providing or is proposing to provide advisory, administrative, custodial, transfer agency,
brokerage or other material services to the Company, including firms that are seeking to sell or in the past two years have sold securities
to the Company. 

5.1.3. Securities
under Review; Blackout Period . No Access Persons shall execute a securities transaction in any security issued by an entity that
the Company owns in its portfolio or is considering for purchase or sale unless such Access Person shall have obtained prior written
approval for such purpose from the Chief Compliance Officer. No Access Person may trade in the securities of any issuer appearing on
the Restricted List until notified that the entity name no longer appears on the Restricted List. 

5.1.4. Company
Acquisition of Shares in Companies that Access Persons Hold Through Limited Offerings . Access Persons who have been authorized to
acquire securities in a Limited Offering must disclose that investment to the Chief Compliance Officer when they are involved in the
Company s subsequent consideration of an investment in the issuer, and the Company s decision to purchase such securities
must be independently reviewed by investment personnel with no personal interest in that issuer. 

9 

Section 5.2 Management of the Restricted
List . The Chief Compliance Officer will manage placing and removing names from the Restricted List. Should an Access Person learn
of material nonpublic information concerning the issuer of any security that information must be provided to the Chief Compliance Officer
so that the issuer can be included on the Restricted List. The Chief Compliance Officer will note the nature of the information learned,
the time the information was learned and the other persons in possession of this information. The Chief Compliance Officer will maintain
this information in a log. Upon the receipt of such information, the Chief Compliance Officer will revise and circulate the Restricted
List to all Access Persons. The Advisor is directed to advise the Company when it has obtained information causing the Advisor to be restricted
from trading in the securities of any entities being considered for investment in the Company s portfolio. The contents of the Restricted
List are highly confidential and must not be disclosed to any person or entity outside of the Company absent approval of the Chief Compliance
Officer. 

Section 5.3 Procedures
to Implement this Code . The following reporting procedures have been established to assist Access Persons in avoiding a violation
of this Code, and to assist the Company in preventing, detecting, and imposing sanctions for violations of this Code. Every Access Person
must follow these procedures. Questions regarding these procedures should be directed to the Chief Compliance Officer. 

All Access Persons are subject to the
reporting requirements set forth in Section 5.4 except: 

with respect to transactions effected for, and Covered Securities (including any
security issued by the issuer of such Covered Security) held in, any account over which the Access Person has no direct or indirect influence
or control; or 

Those transactions effected pursuant to an Automatic Investment Plan. 

Section 5.4 Reporting
Requirements . The Chief Compliance Officer shall furnish each employee with a copy of this Code along with the other sections of this
Code, and any amendments, upon commencement of employment and annually thereafter. 

Each Supervised
Person is required to certify, through a written acknowledgment, within 10 days of commencement of employment, that he or she has received,
read, and understands all aspects of the Code and recognizes that he or she is subject to the provisions and principles detailed therein.
In addition, the Chief Compliance Officer shall notify each Access Person of his or her obligation to file an initial holdings report,
quarterly transaction reports, and annual holdings reports in the forms attached hereto as Appendices B, C and D , respectively. 

Section 5.5 Pre-Clearance
Reports . Access Persons must obtain approval from the Chief Compliance Officer prior to entering into a transaction in a Limited Offering
and Initial Public Offering. 

Section 5.6
 Initial Holdings Reports . Each Access Person must, no later than 10 days after the person becomes an Access Person, submit to the
Chief Compliance Officer or other designated person a report of the Access Person s current securities holdings. The information
provided must be current as of a date no more than 45 days prior to the date the person becomes an Access Person. The report must include
the following: 

the title and type of the security and, as applicable, the exchange ticker symbol
or CUSIP number, the number of shares held for each security and the principal amount; 

the name of any broker, dealer, or bank with which the Access Person maintains
an account in which any securities are held for the Access Person s direct or indirect benefit; and 

the date the Access Person submits the report. 

10 

Section 5.7 Quarterly
Transaction Reports . Each Access Person must, no later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, submit to the Chief Compliance
Officer or other designated person a report of the Access Person s transactions involving a Covered Security (including any security
issued by the issuer of such Covered Security) in which the Access Person had, or as a result of the transaction acquired, any direct
or indirect Beneficial Ownership. The report must cover all transactions occurring during the calendar quarter most recently ending. Disinterested
Directors must file such a report if such director knew or, in the ordinary course of fulfilling his or her official duties as a director
of the Company, should have known, that during the 15-day period immediately preceding or after the date of the transaction involving
a Covered Security by the director such Covered Security is or was purchased or sold by the Company or the Company s Advisor considered
purchasing or selling such Covered Security. The report must contain the following information: 

the date of the transaction; 

the title and, as applicable, the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, of each
reportable security involved, the interest rate and maturity date of each reportable security involved, the number of shares of each reportable
security involved and the principal amount of each reportable security involved; 

the nature of the transaction (i.e., purchase, sale or other type of acquisition
or disposition); 

the price of the security at which the transaction was effected; 

the name of the broker, dealer, or bank with or through which the transaction was
effected, and the date the account(s) were established; and 

the date the Access Person submits the report. 

Section 5.8
 Annual Holdings Reports . Each Access Person must submit, to the Chief Compliance Officer or other designated person, an annual
holdings report reflecting holdings as of a date no more than 45 days before the report is submitted. The annual holdings report must
be submitted at least once every 12-month period, on a date to be designated by the Company. The Chief Compliance Officer will notify
every Access Person of the date. Each report must include: 

the title and, as applicable, the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, of each
reportable security involved, the interest rate and maturity date of each reportable security involved, the number of shares of each reportable
security involved and the principal amount of each reportable security involved; 

the name of any broker, dealer, or bank with which the Access Person maintains
an account in which any securities are held for the Access Person s direct or indirect benefit; and 

the date the Access Person submits the report. 

Section 5.9 Annual
Certification of Compliance . All Access Persons must annually certify, through a written acknowledgment, to the Chief Compliance Officer
that (1) they have read, understood, and agree to abide by this Code; (2) they have complied with all applicable requirements of this
Code; and (3) they have reported all transactions and holdings that they are required to report under this Code. 

11 

VI. STATEMENT ON THE PROHIBITION OF INSIDER TRADING 

Failure by you to recognize the importance
of safeguarding information and using information appropriately is greatly detrimental both to your future and to the Company s.
The information provided below should provide a useful guide about what constitutes insider trading and material inside information. 

Summary of the Company s
Business Activities 

The Company is a business development
company established under the 1940 Act and registered with the SEC. The Company offers individual investors access to private debt with
a focus in senior secured loans and second lien secured loans and, to a lesser extent, subordinated loans. Generally, these loans are
held with private companies that do not have any publicly-traded securities. In certain instances, however, there may be publicly-traded
securities available in the marketplace for issuers in which the Company holds a position. 

It is not expected that, in the course
of its trading activities, the Company will receive access to information that is not already in the public domain. However, certain data
sources may make information available to the Company that has not been fully disseminated in the marketplace. If this situation arises
and the Company has an opportunity to opt to receive the information, the Access Person that encounters this situation will raise the
situation with his or her supervisors and our Chief Compliance Officer to decide whether to opt to receive the information or decline
to receive the information. If the decision is made to receive the information, our Chief Compliance Officer will update the Restricted
List as it is discussed in the Code of Ethics. 

In the unlikely event that you come
into possession of information that is not publicly available, either through your work with us or outside of the workplace, you will
be required to adhere to this Statement on the Prohibition of Insider Trading (this Statement as described in the
following pages. You will also be subject to certain reporting requirements in connection with complying with the Code of Ethics beginning
with the requirement to notify our Chief Compliance Officer. 

Background 

The securities laws and the rules
and regulations of the self-regulatory organizations are designed to ensure that the securities markets are fair and honest, that material
information regarding a company is publicly available, and that a security s price and volume are determined by the free interplay
of economic forces. The anti-fraud rules of the federal securities laws prohibit, in connection with the purchase or sale of a security: 

making an untrue statement of a material fact; 

omitting to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made not misleading; and 

engaging in acts, practices or courses of business which would be fraudulent or deceptive. 

Violation of these provisions is a
crime that may result in imprisonment and can have other very serious repercussions for both the Company and the employee. Violators may
be censured by the government or self-regulatory organizations, suspended, barred from the securities business, or fined. In addition,
violations may result in liability under the federal securities laws, including the Insider Trading Sanctions Act of 1984 and the Insider
Trading and Securities Fraud Enforcement Act of 1988. The Company s actions with respect to any violations will be swift and forceful
since it is the victim of any such abuse. 

12 

A
violation of the Company s policies and procedures regarding confidential information or the use thereof and disclosure may result
in dismissal, suspension without pay, loss of pay or bonus, loss of severance benefits, demotion, or other sanctions, whether or not
the violation of the Company s policy or procedure also constituted a violation of law. Trading while in possession of or tipping
on the basis of non-public information could also result in civil or criminal liability which could lead to imprisonment, fines and/or
a requirement of disgorgement of any profits realized and, as a result of the violation, to an injunction prohibiting the violator from
being employed in the securities industry. The Company may initiate or cooperate in proceedings resulting in such penalties. 

Policy 

No
person to whom this Statement applies, including officers, directors or employees of the Company and the Advisor, may trade, either personally
or on behalf of others, while in possession of material non-public information, nor may any officer, director or employee communicate
material non- public information to others in violation of the law. This conduct is referred to as insider trading. Any
questions regarding this policy and procedure should be directed to our Chief Compliance Officer. 

While
the law concerning insider trading is not rigid, it generally is understood to prohibit: 

trading
 by an insider while in possession of material non-public information; 

trading
 by a non-insider while in possession of material non-public information where the information
 either was disclosed to the non-insider in violation of an insider s duty to keep it
 confidential or was misappropriated; and 

communicating
 material non-public information to others. 

The
elements of a claim for insider trading and the penalties for unlawful conduct are described below. 

Who
is an Insider? 

The
concept of an insider is broad and includes officers, directors, and employees of a company. In addition, a person can
be a temporary insider if he or she enters into a special confidential relationship in the conduct of a company s
affairs and, as a result, is given access to information solely for the company s purposes. A temporary insider can include, by
way of example, attorneys, accountants, consultants, bank lending officers and employees of such organizations. According to the U.S.
Supreme Court, a company must expect the outsider to keep the disclosed non-public information confidential and the relationship must
at least imply such a duty before the outsider will be considered an insider. 

What
is Material Information? 

Trading
on non-public information is not a basis for liability unless the non-public information is material. Information generally is
considered material if (i) there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider the non-public
information important in making an investment decision, or (ii) the non-public information is reasonably certain to have a
substantial effect on the price of a company s securities. Non-public information that should be considered material includes,
but is not limited to: dividend changes; earnings estimates not previously disseminated; material changes in previously released
earnings estimates; significant merger or acquisition proposals or agreements; major litigation; liquidation problems; and
extraordinary management developments. 

13 

Material
information does not have to relate to a company s business. For example, in Carpenter v. United States 108 S. Ct. 316
(1987), the U.S. Supreme Court considered as material certain information about the contents of a forthcoming newspaper column that
was expected to affect the market price of a security. In that case, a Wall Street Journal reporter was found criminally liable for
disclosing to others the dates that reports on various companies would appear in the Wall Street Journal and whether or not those
reports would be favorable. 

Any
questions that you may have as to whether information is material must be addressed with our Chief Compliance Officer before acting in
any way on such information. 

What
is Non-public Information? 

Information
is non-public until it has been effectively communicated to the marketplace. One must be able to point to some fact to show that the
information is public. For example, information found in a report filed with the SEC, or appearing in Reuters, Bloomberg, or a Dow Jones
publication or in any other publication of general circulation would generally be considered public. In certain instances,
information disseminated to certain segments of the investment community may be deemed public (e.g., research communicated
through institutional information dissemination services such as First Call). The fact that information has been disclosed to a few members
of the public does not make it public for insider trading purposes. To be public, the information must have been disseminated
in a manner designed to reach investors generally, and the investors must be given the opportunity to absorb the information. Even after
public disclosure of information, you must wait until the close of business on the second trading day after the information was publicly
disclosed before you can treat the information as public. 

Basis
for Liability 

Described
below are circumstances under which a person or entity may be deemed to have traded on inside information. 

1. Fiduciary
Duty Theory . In 1980, the U.S. Supreme Court found that there is no general duty to disclose before trading on material
non-public information, but that such a duty arises where there is a fiduciary relationship between the parties to the transaction.
In such case, one party has a right to expect that the other party will not disclose any material non-public information and will
refrain from trading. Chiarella v. U.S. , 445 U.S. 22 (1980). 

Insiders
such as employees of an issuer are ordinarily considered to have a fiduciary duty to the issuer and its shareholders. In Dirks v.
SEC , 463 U.S. 646 (1983), the U.S. Supreme Court stated alternative theories by which such fiduciary duties are imposed on non-insiders:
(1) they can enter into a confidential relationship with the company (e.g. attorneys and accountants, etc.) temporary insiders );
or (2) they can acquire a fiduciary duty to the company s shareholders as tippees if they are aware or should have
been aware that they have been given confidential information by an insider or temporary insider who has violated his or her fiduciary
duty to the company s shareholders. 

14 

In
the tippee situation, a breach of duty occurs only if the insider or temporary insider personally benefits, directly or
indirectly, from the disclosure. The benefit does not have to be of a financial nature, but can be a gift, a reputational benefit that
will translate into future earnings, or even evidence of a relationship that suggests a quid pro quo. 

2. Misappropriation
Theory . Another basis for insider trading liability is the misappropriation theory, where liability is established
when trading occurs on material non-public information that was stolen or misappropriated from another person. In Carpenter v.
United States , the U.S. Supreme Court found that a columnist defrauded The Wall Street Journal by communicating information
prior to its publication to another person who used the information to trade in the securities markets. It should be noted that the
misappropriation theory can be used to reach a variety of individuals not previously thought to be encompassed under the fiduciary
duty theory. 

Penalties
for Insider Trading 

Penalties
for trading on or communicating material non-public information are severe, both for individuals involved in such conduct and their employers.
A person can be subject to some or all of the penalties below even if he or she does not personally benefit from the violation. Penalties
include the following: 

jail
 sentences; 

civil
 injunction; 

treble
 damages; 

disgorgement
 of profits; 

fines
 for the person who committed the violation of up to three times the profit gained or loss
 avoided, whether or not the person actually benefited; and 

fines
 for the employer or other controlling person of up to the greater of 1,000,000 or three
 times the amount of the profit gained or loss avoided. 

Controlling
the Flow of Sensitive Information 

The
following procedures have been established to assist the officers, directors, and employees of the Company in controlling the flow of
sensitive information so as to avoid the possibility of trading on material non-public information either on behalf of the Company or
for themselves and to assist the Company and its supervisory personnel in surveilling for, and otherwise preventing and detecting, insider
trading. Every officer, director and employee of the Company must follow these procedures or risk serious sanctions by one or more regulatory
authorities and/or the Company, including dismissal, substantial personal liability, and criminal penalties. If you have any questions
about these procedures you should consult our Chief Compliance Officer. 

1. Identifying
Inside Information . Before trading for yourself or others in the securities of a company about which you have what you believe
to be inside information, ask yourself the following questions: 

Is
 the information non-public? To whom has this information been provided? Has the information
 been effectively communicated to the marketplace? To what extent, for how long,
and by what means has the information been disseminated? If information is non- public, it normally may not be used in connection with
effecting securities transactions; however, if you have any doubts whatsoever as to whether the information is non-public, you must ask
our Chief Compliance Officer prior to trading on, or communicating (except in accordance with the procedures and requirements herein)
such information. 

Is
 the information material? Is this information that an investor would consider important in
 making his or her investment decision? Is this information that would substantially affect
 the market price of the securities if generally disclosed? 

15 

If,
after consideration of the above, you believe that the information may be material and non-public, or if you have questions in that regard,
you should take the following steps: 

Report
 the matter immediately to our Chief Compliance Officer. 

Do
 not purchase or sell the securities on behalf of yourself or others. 

Do
 not communicate the information inside or outside of the Company, other than to our Chief
 Compliance Officer. 

After
 our Chief Compliance Officer has reviewed the issue, you will be instructed to continue the
 prohibitions against trading and communication, or you will be allowed to communicate the
 information and then trade. 

2. Restricting
Access to Material Non-public Information . Information in your possession that you identify as material and non-public may not
be communicated to anyone, except as provided in paragraph 1 above. In addition, care should be taken so that such information is
secure. For example, files containing material non-public information should be sealed and access to computer files containing
material non-public information should be restricted. 

3. Personal
Security Trading . All officers, directors and employees must trade in accordance with the provisions of the Code of Ethics as
well as this Statement in order to assist the Company with monitoring for violations of the law. 

4. Restricted
List . As defined in the Code of Ethics, our Chief Compliance Officer will maintain a Restricted List. Disclosure outside of the
Company as to what issuers and/or securities are on the Restricted List could therefore constitute tipping and is strictly
prohibited. 

5. Supervision/Investigation .
Should our Chief Compliance Officer learn, through regular review of personal trading documents, or from any other source, that a
violation of this Statement is suspected, our Chief Compliance Officer shall alert the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
Together, these parties will determine who should conduct further investigation, if they determine an investigation is
necessary. 

VII.
ADMINISTRATION OF THE CODE 

The
Chief Compliance Officer has overall responsibility for administering this Code and reporting on the administration of and compliance
with this Code and related matters to Senior management. 

16 

The
Chief Compliance Officer shall review all reports to determine whether any transactions recorded therein constitute violations of this
Code. Before making any determination that a violation has been committed by a person subject to this Code, such person shall be given
an opportunity to supply additional explanatory material. The Chief Compliance Officer shall maintain copies of the reports as required
by Rule 17j-1(f) under the 1940 Act. 

No
less frequently than annually the Chief Compliance Officer must furnish to Senior management, and Senior management must consider, a
written report that describes any issues arising under the Code or its procedures since the last report to Senior management, including
but not limited to, information about material violations of this Code or its procedures and any sanctions imposed in response to material
violations. This report should also certify that the Company has adopted procedures reasonably designed to prevent persons subject to
this Code from violating this Code. 

VIII.
SANCTIONS FOR CODE VIOLATIONS 

All
violations of this Code will result in appropriate corrective action, up to and including dismissal. If the violation involves potentially
criminal activity, the individual or individuals in question will be reported, as warranted, to the appropriate authorities. 

IX.
APPLICATION/WAIVERS 

All
the directors, officers and employees of the Company and its Advisor are subject to this Code. 

Insofar
as other policies or procedures of the Company or its affiliates govern or purport to govern the behavior or activities of persons who
are subject to this Code, they are superseded by this Code to the extent that they overlap or conflict with the provisions of this Code. 

Any
amendment or waiver of this Code for an executive officer or member of the Board must be made by Senior management and disclosed on a
Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within four business days following such amendment or waiver. 

X.
RECORDS 

The
Company shall maintain records with respect to this Code in the manner and to the extent set forth below, which records may be maintained
on microfilm or electronic storage media under the conditions described in Rule 31a-2(f) under the 1940 Act and shall be available for
examination by representatives of the Securities and Exchange Commission: 

1.
 A copy of this Code that is, or at any time within the past five years has been, in effect shall be maintained in an easily
accessible place; 

2.
 A record of any violation of this Code and of any action taken as a result of such violation shall be maintained in an easily
accessible place for a period of not less than five years following the end of the fiscal year in which the violation
occurs; 

3.
 A copy of each report made by an Access Person or duplicate account statement received pursuant to the Code, shall be maintained for
a period of not less than five years from the end of the fiscal year in which it is made or the information is provided, the first
two years in an easily accessible place; 

17 

4.
 A record of all persons who are, or within the past five years have been, required to make reports pursuant to this Code, or who are
or were responsible for reviewing these reports, shall be maintained in an easily accessible place; 

5.
 A copy of each report made to Senior management shall be maintained for at least five years after the end of the fiscal year in
which it is made, the first two years in an easily accessible place; and 

6.
 A record of any decision, and the reasons supporting the decision, to approve the direct or indirect acquisition by an Access Person
of Beneficial Ownership in any securities in an Initial Public Offering or a Limited Offering shall be maintained for at least five
years after the end of the fiscal year in which the approval is granted. 

XI.
REVISIONS AND AMENDMENTS 

This
Code may be revised, changed, or amended at any time by Senior management. Following any material revisions or updates, an updated version
of this Code will be distributed to you, and will supersede the prior version of this Code effective upon distribution. We may ask you
to sign an acknowledgement confirming that you have read and understood the revised version of this Code, and that you agree to comply
with the provisions. 

18 

APPENDIX
A 

Acknowledgment
Regarding 
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

This acknowledgment
is to be signed and returned to the Chief Compliance Officer and will be retained as part of your permanent personnel file. 

I
have received a copy of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, including section on Political Contributions and the
Statement on the Prohibition of Insider Trading, (the Code ), read it, and understand that the Code contains the
expectations of the Company regarding employee conduct and ethical behavior. I agree to observe the policies and procedures contained
in the Code and have been advised that, if I have any questions or concerns relating to such policies or procedures, I have an obligation
to report to the Chief Compliance Officer any suspected violations of the Code of which I am aware. I also understand that the Code is
issued for informational purposes and that it is not intended to create, nor does it represent, a contract of employment. 

Name (please print) 

Signature 

Date 

The failure to read and/or
sign this acknowledgment in no way relieves you of your responsibility to comply with the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

A -1 

APPENDIX
B 

INITIAL
HOLDINGS REPORT 

 As
of 

To:
 Chief Compliance Officer 

A. Securities
Holdings . I have listed below (or attached hereto a listing) all of my Securities Holdings held by me or Beneficial Owners as
defined by the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

Broker/ 

Interest 

Dealer or 

Rate and Maturity 
 
 Number of Shares or 
 Dollar 
 Nature of Transaction 
 
 Bank Through
 
 Title of 
 
 CUSIP 
 Date (If 
 Date of 
 Principal 
 Amount of 
 (Purchase, 
 
 Whom 
 
 Security 
 
 Number 
 Applicable) 
 Transaction 
 Amount 
 Transaction 
 Sale, Other) 
 Price 
 Effected 

B. Brokerage
Accounts . I, or a Beneficial Owner, have established the following accounts in which securities for my direct or indirect
benefit: 

Name of Broker, Dealer or Bank : 

Date: 

Signature: 

Name (please print): 

B -1 

APPENDIX
C 

QUARTERLY TRANSACTION REPORT 

For
the Calendar Quarter Ended: 

To:
 Chief Compliance Officer 

A. Securities
Holdings . During the quarter referred to above, the following transactions were effected in securities of which I had, or by
reason of such transactions acquired, direct or indirect beneficial ownership, and which are required to be reported pursuant to the
Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics: 

Broker/ 

Interest 

Dealer or 

Rate and Maturity 
 
 Number of Shares or 
 Dollar 
 Nature of Transaction 
 
 Bank Through
 
 Title of 
 
 CUSIP 
 Date (If 
 Date of 
 Principal 
 Amount of 
 (Purchase, 
 
 Whom 
 
 Security 
 
 Number 
 Applicable) 
 Transaction 
 Amount 
 Transaction 
 Sale, Other) 
 Price 
 Effected 

B. New
Brokerage Accounts . During the quarter referred to above, I established the following accounts in which securities were held
during the quarter for my direct or indirect benefit: 

Name of Broker, Dealer or Bank 
 
 Date Account Was Established 

C. Other
Matters . This report (i) excludes transactions with respect to which I had no direct or indirect influence or control, (ii)
excludes other transactions not required to be reported and (iii) is not an admission that I have or had any direct or indirect
beneficial ownership in the securities listed above. 

Date: 

Signature: 

Name (please print): 

C -1 

APPENDIX
D 

ANNUAL
HOLDINGS REPORT 

 As
of December 31, 20 

To:
Chief Compliance Officer 

As
of December 31, 20 , I had direct or beneficial ownership interest in the securities listed below which are required to be reported pursuant
to Rule 17j-l under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended: 

A. Securities
Holdings . I have listed below (or attached hereto a listing) all of my securities holdings held by me or Beneficial Owners as
defined by the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

Title of Security 
 
 CUSIP Number 
 
 Number of Shares or 
Principal Amount 

B.
As of December 31, 20, I maintained accounts with brokers, dealers, banks listed below in which securities were held for my direct
or indirect benefit: 

Brokerage
Accounts . I, or a Beneficial Owner, have established the following accounts in which securities for my direct or indirect benefit: 

Name of Broker, Dealer or Bank 
 
 Date Account Was Established 

This
report (i) excludes securities and accounts over which I had no direct or indirect influence or control, (ii) excludes securities
not required to be reported (for example, direct obligations of the U.S. Government, shares of registered investment companies etc.)
and (iii) is not an admission that I have or had any direct or indirect beneficial ownership in the securities accounts listed
above. 

Date: 

Signature: 

Name (please print): 

D -1 

WELLINGS
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC 

 Pre-clearance
for Personal Securities Transactions 

IMPORTANT
NOTES: (1) All Access Persons must obtain pre-clearance from the Advisor s CCO for proposed purchases of any of the following securities
prior to executing on a trade. The purchase or sale of any requested investments by Access Persons which require pre-clearance include: 

a) All
 Initial Public Offerings (IPOs) 

b) All
 Private Placements 

(2) Relevant
 transactions by family members or other covered accounts must also be pre-cleared and; 

(3) Pre-clearance
 approval is good for the day of pre-clearance only . 

Section
One: To Be Completed by Employee Requesting Pre-clearance 

Employee Name: 

Date: 

Time: 

Name of Security that Employee is 
Requesting Preclearance to Trade: 

Ticker Symbol or CUSIP: 

Brokerage Account for Trade (last four digits): 

Employee Signature : 

If sending a Word Version, your typed name constitutes as your signature. 

E -1 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ea156485_ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 

 PROMULGATED UNDER 

 SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Paul T. Moore, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Wellings Real Estate Income Fund; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present, in all material respects,
the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors: 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting 

Date: June 29, 2023 
 /s/ Paul T. Moore 

Paul T. Moore 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ea156485_ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 

 PROMULGATED UNDER 

 SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Benjamin P. Kahle, certify that: 

6. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Wellings Real Estate Income Fund; 

7. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

8. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present, in all material respects,
the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

9. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

10. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors: 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting 

Date: June 29, 2023 
 /s/ Benjamin P. Kahle 

Benjamin P. Kahle 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ea156485_ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Wellings Real Estate Income
Fund (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul T. Moore, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To
my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: June 29, 2023 
 /s/ Paul T. Moore 

Paul T. Moore 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ea156485_ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Wellings Real Estate Income
Fund (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Benjamin P. Kahle, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To
my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: June 29, 2023 
 /s/ Benjamin P. Kahle 

Benjamin P. Kahle 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 wreif-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 wreif-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 wreif-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 wreif-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 wreif-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

