<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_897078_0001493152-23-012539.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4653676</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>181504</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1087422</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1208624</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>960007</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1127916</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012539.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417161055
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012539
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Resonate Blends, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000897078
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				581588291
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21202
		FILM NUMBER:		23824064

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		26565 AGOURA RD.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200,
		CITY:			CALABASAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		571-888-0009

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		26565 AGOURA RD.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200,
		CITY:			CALABASAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91302

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Textmunication Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140610

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Textmunications Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140610

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Textmunication Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012539.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________ to ________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number: - 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
of each class 

 Common
Stock, par value of 0.0001 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
common shares as of March 31, 2023. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 9 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 19 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 19 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 19 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 19 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 20 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 25 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 27 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 30 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 32 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 32 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 33 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 35 

2 

PART
I 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. Certain statements, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business
plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believes, project, 
 expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, strategy, plan, 
 may, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, 
and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties
which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual
effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and
future prospects on a consolidated basis include but are not limited to: changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes,
availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should
also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

On
October 25, 2019, the Company announced its entry into the cannabis industry by acquiring Resonate Blends LLC Resonate Blends ),
a California-based cannabis wellness lifestyle product company built on a proprietary system of experiential targets. Resonate Blends
is building a value-added, brand-focused cannabis organization offering premium brands of consistent quality. The Company also acquired
Entourage Labs LLC Entourage Labs ), a sister company of Resonate Blends. Entourage Labs is the Intellectual Property (IP)
subsidiary of Resonate Blends. 

Based
in Calabasas, California, the Company is a cannabis holding company centered on value-added holistic Wellness and Lifestyle brands. The
Company s strategy is to ignite future growth by building a purpose-driven portfolio of innovative, trusted national brands, emerging
brands, research organizations, and a variety of retail channels. The Company s focus is finding mutual value between product and
consumer by optimizing quality, supply chain resources and financial performance. The Company offers a family of premium cannabis-based
products of consistent quality based on unique formations calibrated to Resonate Blends effects system in what the Company believes is
the industry gold standard in user experience. 

Resonate
believes the greatest long-term value creation in the cannabis industry will be in the establishment of high quality and consistent consumer
brands. Resonate hopes to become a national leader through its vision in creating a family of brands designed specifically to deliver
reliable, effective and beneficial experiences. 

Resonate
is committed to helping people live the life they love, but they do not make the medicinal vs. recreational distinction. This is a temporary
legal separation in some states that should soon cease to exist. The Company believes in wellness for the whole person, especially people
with insomnia, pain or anxiety who also want to enjoy friends, concerts and have satisfying intimate experiences. Resonate is designing
experiences which should improve all areas of ones life. 

To
accomplish this, Resonate is Mastering the Art of Experience . This is the Company s mission. By integrating science, technology,
education, branding, marketing, sales and delivery - with every customer interaction they aim to provide exceptional experiences. Cannabis
has a broad range of unique characteristics, and they are dedicated to harnessing and amplifying those characteristics to support healthy
empowered and engaged lifestyles. From product development through customer communication, they prefect and demystify cannabis bringing
innovative products to an increasingly sophisticated market. Resonate Blends has a strong social mission and the Resonate team is building
a successful business by focusing its knowledge, skill and energy on creating wellness-lifestyle products which will improve community
by helping individuals live more satisfying, meaningful and connected lives. The need for these products currently is crucial. 

3 

To
communicate the breadth of wellness products that Resonate is developing, the Company created The Resonate System. The Resonate System
graphically represents a spectrum of wellness products based on cannabis scaffolding. This system helps users easily select which product
they want. Products based on The Resonate System deliver relaxation, freedom from pain and anxiety, boosts in focus and creativity, sensuality,
human connection and joy. Koan products are formulated around a system of interconnected experience targets that will allow you to know
exactly what to expect when using them. 

While
respecting and honoring the natural power of plant medicine, Resonate also employs advanced science, leading technology and a deep understanding
of how various cannabis compounds, when working in the body, simultaneously can create unique effects and benefits (referred to as the
 Entourage Effect ). Product developers blend cannabinoids and terpenes to formulate products with specific, controllable
and repeatable beneficial effects. Through innovation, experimentation, testing and an iterative product development strategy, the Koan
team has unlocked new plant constituent combinations resulting in unique, enjoyable and extremely effective wellness products unlike
anything else in the marketplace. Resonate has filed a provisional patent for protection of these formulations and products in the future. 

Koan,
the Resonate Blends product family, is based around a comprehensive system of interconnected experience targets that allow people to
select the products that best fit their lifestyle and health objectives. Koan products are dedicated to the efficacy and precision of
functional experience targets across a broad range of product categories. 

Resonate s
initial products are a completely unique class of products called Cordials. These blends offer a wide range of experiences not currently
available in the cannabis market. Cordials are water-soluble and use nano-emulsification technology to allow for quick onset and a sustained
and nuanced experience. Single dose, healthful, subtle in taste, cordials are an ideal way for people to intentionally improve their
well-being. They can be shipped directly or substituted for alcohol as a cocktail mixer. A significant competitive advantage is that
the Cordials allow users to select both the experience they want and the beverage they choose to enjoy them in. 

Resonate s
Cordials have been developed in partnership with an award-winning advanced infusion technology partner and were launched to the retail
channel in late Q2 of 2021. The company is now offering seven unique formulations including the newly released Sleep Cordial available
as of September 29, 2022. The Sleep Cordial has been thoroughly tested and is now available in Single samples and in cost
effective 100 ml, 10 serving multi-serve bottles. Koan Cordials now come in: Calm, Create, Delight, Love, Play, Wonder and Sleep experience-targeted
blends providing consumers a choice on how they want to feel. 

The
Cordials were awarded the Golden Leaf Award as Best New Brand of 2021 at the Luxury Meets Cannabis Conference 
held in New York City in December. Resonate also won a Cannabis Clio Award for Brand Design in 2021. 

Based
on customer demand, the Company offers a Singles option for the Cordials which are now available. In response to customer
requests, the company is now offering five popular blends in 10-serving bottles, also known as multi-serve bottles, that
provide a lower cost per serving and allow users to customize their servings to their personal preference. In addition, the company is
also offering a 4-pack that also lowers the cost per serving while preserving the convenience and portability of the discrete smaller
bottles. 

The
Company offers market support to select premium California dispensaries both in person and thorough the Leaf.VIP budtender training program.
The Company expects that building its brand online will complement retail sales by increasing customer awareness and creating pull-through 
at brick-and-mortar facilities. The social media strategy was brought in-house during Q1 to both reduce overall costs and control the
messaging to the appropriate audience for the Cordials. 

Resonate
recently hired an internal sales manager to oversee all sales efforts in Southern California and expects to hire a sales manager for
Northern California in the near future. The Company implemented an in-house sales strategy in Q1 2022 to maximize both the dispensary
outreach and budtender education. The Company has added several new retail partners in 2022 to include Atrium, Cornerstone Wellness,
99 High Tide, Artist Tree, Canni Delivery and Rose Mary Jane. The Cordials are now featured at West Hollywood s The Artist Tree
Studio Cannabis Lounge where music performers will be providing the entertainment events throughout the summer. The Studio Cannabis Lounge
in West Hollywood is the only one of its kind in the United States and this partnership should provide users an interactive experience
unavailable elsewhere. Rose Mary Jane Cannabis Lounge in Oakland also added the Cordials to its menu on September 24, 2022. The Company
is placing a major focus on cannabis lounges throughout California to enhance its marketing and sales efforts. 

4 

With
the new in-house sales strategy in place, new wellness dispensaries are expected to grow throughout 2023. Wellness dispensaries are the
main target due to the demographics of the consumer and the thorough educational process these dispensaries offer to buyers in their
stores. Multi-state expansion through licensing arrangements with the Cordials is also being planned. Several retailers and leading brands
in multiple states have reached out to Resonate requesting the Cordials to be stocked in their dispensaries. The Company is currently
evaluating where and when to open new states outside of California. 

We are no longer pursuing the
acquisition of Iron Summit Distribution, Inc. (Kaneh Co.), as was announced on September 20 through a Press Release. 

The
principal executive office is located at 26565 Agoura Road, Suite 200, Calabasas, CA 91302. The executive telephone number is (571) 888-0009. 

Partnerships 

Product
Development: 

The
Company signed a custom development contract with Vertosa in March of 2020, the leading provider of safe, reliable emulsion bases for
infused product developers. This contract was a major milestone for the Company as it selected its strategic partners to develop innovative
products and solutions. 

Vertosa
is an award-winning strategic partner who will assist the Company in the launch of its first unique category of six water soluble products.
These multi-use products deliver specific, predictable, reliable, effects in a format that is completely unique in the industry. The
first product developed collaboratively is the Cordial product line, but both companies expect several other products to be developed
over time utilizing Vertosa s emulsification technology. 

The
Vertosa and Resonate teams share a mission of maximizing the benefits of cannabinoids and plant medicine. Resonate selected Vertosa as
a development partner because the Vertosa systems industry leading emulsification technology makes them highly stable, bioavailable,
and water compatible. All of Vertosa s inactive base materials are FDA approved and are lab tested for quality. Vertosa s
Hemp-derived CBD Emulsion System is now certified organic by CCOF, a United States Department of Agriculture-accredited certifier and
non-profit advocacy group, and the company has also received its Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) certification, confirming that its
offerings follow regulations promulgated by the US Food and Drug Administration and are safe, pure, and effective. In addition, Vertosa
is expanding into other legal states, and this paves the way for Resonate to follow behind moving beyond California while still assuring
strict standards and high production quality for Koan products. 

Manufacturing: 

The
Company partnered with The Galley, a California licensed Type N Infused Products Manufacturer based in Santa Rosa, California.
The Galley produces and packages premium award-winning products and has worked with some of the most popular brands in the industry.
The Galley is built to FDA and CDPH standards and is focused on high demand areas of production Edibles, Topicals, Tinctures,
Chocolate, Hard Candies, Gummies, Pre-Rolls, Flower, Vapes and Beverages. Resonate Blends was granted a Type S: Shared Facility - Adult
and Medicinal Cannabis Manufacturing License on July 23, 2021. The license allows Resonate Blends to manufacture cannabis products at
the licensed facility of The Galley. 

5 

Resonate
and The Galley entered into a Master Services Agreement in which The Galley will manufacture and package Resonate s first family
of products to precise specifications. 

The
Galley and Resonate have been in frequent contact throughout Resonate s development period and are now supporting the production
of the Company s unique family of wellness lifestyle products. Resonate s first of its kind offerings are emulsified through
the advanced infusion technology provided by award-winning Vertosa and collaboratively developed to push the state of the art in its
cannabis products. 

Distribution: 

The
company plans to offer products to select premium dispensaries throughout California. These products will be delivered to retail establishments
by a leading cannabis full-service distributor. The Company contracted with Nabis. The #1 licensed cannabis wholesaling platform in California
with access to more than 300 brands, to provide logistics and statewide distribution for Resonate s Koan Cordials, its product
line of unique experience blends currently available in California. 

Resonate
is also developing relationships with a variety of complementary distribution channels such as subscription box companies and other non-storefront
reseller organizations. 

To
summarize, Resonate has signed and announced definitive agreements with various partners to execute on its overall business strategy.
Vertosa is expected to develop unique formulations through its advanced nano-emulsification process, The Galley is expected to assemble
and package, and Nabis to distribute the products. 

Marketing
and Sales Plan 

The
cannabis industry is changing daily in response to updated regulations, customer product education, new interest from various demographics
and now the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, we are constantly attentive to these changes as they affect the marketing of Koan products.
The marketing strategy is to launch in select dispensaries throughout California and to support the launch with dispensary promotional
material and location-based marketing. A focus on cannabis consumption lounges in California has been a major priority in 2022 and will
continue to be throughout all of 2023 in both California and in other states where consumption lunges are legal. 

Resonate
has implemented a plan to offer market support to select premium California dispensaries both in-person and thorough the Leaf.VIP budtender
training program. The Company expects that building its brand online and through social media will complement retail sales by increasing
customer awareness and creating pull-through at brick-and-mortar facilities. 

The
marketing budget and energy was being channeled into appropriate programmatic advertising, developing informational materials for customers
on the website, and developing professional and effective social media, search engine optimization and direct to consumer marketing campaigns. 

Resonate
is currently recruiting two internal sales managers to oversee all sales efforts in Northern and Southern California. The Company is
planning an in-house sales strategy for early Q1 2022 to maximize both the dispensary outreach and budtender education.. While wellness
dispensaries will be a focus for the Company in the short run, the Company believes strongly in the value of establishing a strong D2C
business and plans to identify partners to implement this strategy in 2023. 

Multi-state
expansion through licensing arrangements with the Cordials is also being planned. Several retailers in multiple states have reached out
to Resonate requesting the Cordials to be stocked in their dispensaries. The Company is working with its emulsification partner, Vertosa,
to target new legal states outside of California. 

6 

Current
Products 

Resonate s
first commercial release was a family of seven (7) precisely targeted effect blends. These products are category-breaking offerings as
they are neither tinctures nor beverages but have the benefits of both. They are emulsified, water soluble, single-serving blends that
can be enjoyed privately or shared socially. Resonate offers these across California in stylish mini bottles, each containing a single
serving. They can be sipped directly from the bottle or poured into beverages. Koan products offer the very high bioavailability of tinctures
not possible to deliver with edibles, take effect generally within minutes and provide benefits for approximately 3 hours. Significantly,
these formulas all provide a pleasant predictable experience, a gentle onset and exit and have no unpleasant sensations or aftereffects
sometimes associated with cannabis products. The current products are as follows: 

Calm 

CBD
rich with a hint of THC, Calm is formulated to quiet your mind and ease you into a gentle sense of wellbeing. 

Wonder 

Our
highest THC offering, Wonder is carefully crafted to bring back that youthful sense of wonder and awe we feel when we are fully engaged
with our senses and environment. 

Love 

Crafted
to reduce barriers to intimacy, stimulate personal connections and increase tactile sensation. 

Create 

Create
is formulated to stimulate your senses, spark your imagination and channel your inner muse. Led by a stimulative blend of terpenes and
just the right amount of THC to inspire and facilitate the artist in you. 

Play 

We
formulated Play to help you become fully immersed in the moment and the people around you. From the park to the beach to the dance floor,
Play helps you find your groove and keep it going. 

Delight 

Put
on your rose-colored glasses and give everything some extra sparkle with Delight. Designed to open up your senses, raise your spirits
and brighten your day. 

Sleep 

Precision
calibrated to help you fall asleep quickly, stay asleep longer and wake up refreshed. 

Future
Products - Resonate Growth Plans 

For
the first 12-18 months, Resonate concentrated on releasing product and brand building in California, and possibly new state
expansion if the proper opportunities exist. Resonate followed the launch of its first six Koan products with others based on The
Resonate System at regular intervals, and they released their Love in Q1 2022 and Sleep Cordials in Q2.
The formulas, combined with the proprietary Vertosa technology, will allow the Company to quickly deliver controlled, predictable,
enjoyable effects in beverages, teas, and gummies. Vertosa is the leading provider of emulsification technology for cannabis
manufacturers. Emulsification allows cannabinoids to become water-soluble so that they can be added to Cordials, beverages, gummies,
etc. Vertosa and Resonate are engaged in joint research focusing on effects of various emulsification methods on cannabinoids.
Resonate is working on methods that improve user experience by refining effects and managing bioavailability. Vertosa will also be
providing the emulsification required for formulas in Resonate s product line. The Company is in development stage of a new
edible line that it expects to have available to the market in 2023 if favorable market conditions exist. 

A
major initiative for the Cordials in late 2022 was the cannabis consumption lounge business throughout California. Guests to the lounges
can now select the cocktail of their choice and one of the six precisely crafted Koan Cordials experience options: Calm, Create, Delight
Love, Play and Wonder. Resonate mixologists have developed a number of creative cocktail recipes that complement the Koan Cordials which
have been very popular at events. The precisely targeted Koan Cordials allow users to choose both the drink they prefer and how they
want to feel. The Company is looking to expand its lounge business in 2023 both in California and in other legal states. 

7 

If
Resonate is successful in acquiring new brands, they expect product collaboration, to include improving the current brands with
improved branding and product enhancements. New product development would also be expected with joint product development initiatives. 

The
cannabis industry is in its infancy. Resonate s growth strategy is to create an innovative ecosystem of companies, investments
and research that all support The Resonate System and its mission of empowering the wellness market. In addition to creating house 
brands, the Company is also looking for other quality brands which could be incubated or targeted as either strategic partners or as
acquisitions. Integrating these companies should provide consistent product quality that yields expected results and that also allows
scalability to make a successful company overall. The Company is actively seeking potential acquisition roll-ups into the holding company
that could offer product synergies, new product development and shared resources in critical areas of the Company. 

Intellectual
Property 

Intellectual
Property IP development and protection continues as a core area of value creation for Resonate. The Company has developed
the world s first Cannabis Cordial. The Koan Cordials combine THC (psychoactive), CBD (non-psychoactive) with botanical terpenes
to deliver an all-natural, plant-derived, single-dosed experience that can be enjoyed straight out of the bottle or poured into any beverage.
These multi-use products deliver specific, predictable, reliable, effects in a format that is completely unique in the industry. 

The
Company believes the greatest long-term value creation in the Cannabis industry will be in the establishment of high-quality consumer
brands that deliver the expected experience. As cultivation, supplies and services become quickly commoditized, value-added brands represent
the best opportunity for Resonate and its shareholders to support and benefit from the growth expected in the Cannabis industry. It is
therefore critical for Resonate to protect its methods, formulations and packaging. 

On
June 14, 2021, the Company successfully filed a Provisional Patent Application with the US Patent Trademark Office (USPTO) entitled
 Cannabis Nano-Emulsions for Achieving a Reliable, Targeted, Specific and Repeatable User Experience. The invention relates
to methods and formulations including a combination of cannabinoids and terpenes calculated and specifically formulated to achieve a
targeted, specific and repeatable user experience. The Company is also filing for patent protection on its unique product packaging and
anticipates filing for other protections on new product development. 

Competitive
Landscape 

The
cannabis market still primarily consists of products of varying quality and poor branding. Much of the branding is heavy stoner 
or hospital medicinal, and differentiation between products is difficult. As a result, finding a product with controllable, consistent
effects is difficult. Even products of high and reliable quality all look alike and have no shelf appeal. In addition, there is a mismatch
between the fastest growing demographic and many current product offerings, which are designed to be inhaled. This is exactly why Resonate
has developed Koan Cordials, tasty, single dose, healthy cannabis products with timeless, exceptional branding. As the market matures,
some companies are recognizing the importance of branding. Branded category leaders represent the 10 spots among best-selling products
and sales data supports the desire among consumers for branded products. This is further supported by Headset, data (the leading industry
provider of retail buying patterns), which shows that brands are leading every category in cannabis. Further, branded products command
higher prices. Some branded products generate pricing as high as 150 , over industry average. The Resonate team excels in product branding. 

There
is no product in the marketplace exactly like Koan products at this time. Other companies offer tinctures (which are concentrated herbal
extracts made by soaking the bark, berries, leaves (dried or fresh), or roots from one or more plants in alcohol or vinegar), tea, salves,
patches and cosmetics and vapes, and some of them provide effects which may be similar to those the Koan products will provide, but none
are equal to Koan with respect to quality, efficacy, consistency and scope. Koan products are water soluble and can be enjoyed privately
or poured in beverages and shared socially. Resonate believes the total experience offered by Koan products cannot be found elsewhere
in the industry. 

8 

While
there are a number of very fine products in the premium cannabis space, there is not yet a dominant brand in any category. Some are leading
but no brand dominates. Data indicates that Resonate s targeted demographic seeks out trusted brands when making product selections.
Resonate is bringing to market custom, reliable, experience-targeted products which can be sipped or shared; and offered under a well-crafted
brand supported by an accessible information system. The Company provides The Resonate System so customers can understand what to expect
and can make informed confident selections. 

Employees 

Currently,
there are six employees, comprised of 3 C-level executives and managers of brand, marketing and sales. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Risk
Factors Associated with COVID-19 

The
extent to which the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition
will depend on future developments, which cannot be predicted. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation
of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities
or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers and business partners. There is no certainty that such measures
will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus or otherwise be satisfactory to government authorities. 

The
extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which
are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to: 

the
 duration and scope of the pandemic; 

governmental,
 business and individual actions taken in response to the pandemic and the impact of those actions on global economic activity; 

the
 actions taken in response to economic disruption; 

the
 impact of business disruptions; 

the
 increase in business failures that we may utilize as industry partners and the customers we serve; 

uncertainty
 as to the impact or staff availability during and post the pandemic; and 

our
 ability to provide our services, including as a result of our employees or our customers and suppliers working remotely and/or closures
 of offices and facilities. 

Even
after the coronavirus outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of
its global economic impact, including any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. 

Risk
Factors Associated with the Cannabis Industry 

Marijuana
remains illegal under United States federal law. 

Marijuana
is a Schedule-I controlled substance under the Controlled Substances Act and is illegal under federal law. It remains illegal under United
States federal law to grow, cultivate, sell or possess marijuana for any purpose or to assist or conspire with those who do so. Additionally,
21 U.S.C. 856 makes it illegal to knowingly open, lease, rent, use, or maintain any place, whether permanently or temporarily,
for the purpose of manufacturing, distributing, or using any controlled substance. Even in those states in which the use of marijuana
has been authorized, its use remains a violation of federal law. Since federal law criminalizing the use of marijuana is not pre-empted
by state laws that legalize its use, strict enforcement of federal law regarding marijuana would likely result in the Company s
clients inability to proceed with their operations, which would adversely affect demands for the Company s products. 

9 

The
Company s operations are subject to various laws, regulations and guidelines relating to the manufacture, management, transportation,
storage and disposal of cannabis but also including laws and regulations relating to health and safety, the conduct of operations and
the protection of the environment. 

The
Company both directly and indirectly engages in the medical and adult-use cannabis industry in the United States where local state law
permits such activities. Investors are cautioned that in the United States, cannabis is largely regulated at the state level. To the
Company s knowledge, there are to date a total of 33 states, and the District of Columbia, that have now legalized cannabis in
some form, including California, Nevada, New York, Florida, Illinois and Arizona. Notwithstanding the permissive regulatory environment
of cannabis at the state level, cannabis continues to be categorized as a controlled substance under the CSA and as such, cultivation,
distribution, sale and possession of cannabis violates federal law in the United States. The inconsistency between federal and state
laws and regulations is a major risk factor and there can be no assurance that the federal government will not seek to prosecute cases
involving cannabis businesses that are otherwise compliant with state law. Violations of any federal laws and regulations could result
in significant fines, penalties, administrative sanctions, convictions or settlements arising from civil proceedings conducted by either
the federal government or private citizens, or criminal charges, including, but not limited to, disgorgement of profits, cessation of
business activities or divestiture. This could have a material adverse effect on the Company, including its reputation and ability to
conduct business, its holding (directly or indirectly) of medical and adult-use cannabis licenses in the United States, the listing of
its securities on applicable exchanges, its financial position, operating results, profitability or liquidity or the market price of
our Common Stock. 

The
Company believes the cannabis industry is highly dependent upon consumer perception regarding the safety, efficacy and quality of the
cannabis produced. Consumer perception of the Company s products can be significantly influenced by scientific research or findings,
regulatory investigations, litigation, media attention and other publicity regarding the consumption of cannabis products. There can
be no assurance that future scientific research, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or other research findings
or publicity will be favorable to the medical cannabis market or any product, or consistent with earlier publicity The Company and its
wholly-owned subsidiaries face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, regulatory action and litigation if its products
are alleged to have caused significant loss or injury. Greater access to medical cannabis, through home and designated growing and illegal
dispensaries, may decrease the number of patients registering with the Company and may cause registered patients to leave the Company
and grow for themselves. Any significant interruption or negative change in the availability or economics of the supply chain for key
inputs could materially impact the business, financial condition and operating results of the Company and if the Company is unable to
continually innovate and increase efficiencies, its ability to attract new customers may be adversely affected. The Company may become
party to litigation, mediation and/or arbitration from time to time in the ordinary course of business which could adversely affect its
business 

The
Company expects to derive a substantial portion of its revenues from the cannabis industry in certain states of the United States, which
industry is illegal under United States federal law. 

The
Company is directly involved (through its subsidiaries) in the cannabis industry in the United States where local state laws permit such
activities. The United States federal government regulates drugs through the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 811), which
places controlled substances, including cannabis, in a schedule. Cannabis is classified as a Schedule I drug. Under United States federal
law, a Schedule I drug or substance has a high potential for abuse, no accepted medical use in the United States, and a lack of accepted
safety for the use of the drug under medical supervision. The United States Food and Drug Administration has not approved marijuana as
a safe and effective drug for any indication. 

In
the United States marijuana is largely regulated at the state level. State laws regulating cannabis are in direct conflict with the federal
Controlled Substances Act, which makes cannabis use and possession federally illegal. Although certain states authorize medical or recreational
cannabis production and distribution by licensed or registered entities, under U.S. federal law, the possession, use, cultivation, and
transfer of cannabis and any related drug paraphernalia is illegal and any such acts are criminal acts under federal law. The Supremacy
Clause of the United States Constitution establishes that the United States Constitution and federal laws made pursuant to it are paramount
and in case of conflict between federal and state law, the federal law shall apply. 

10 

On
January 4, 2018, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a memorandum to U.S. district attorneys which rescinded previous guidance
from the U.S. Department of Justice specific to cannabis enforcement in the United States. U.S. federal prosecutors have been given discretion
in determining whether to prosecute cannabis related violations of U.S. federal law. If the Department of Justice policy was to aggressively
pursue financiers or equity owners of cannabis-related business, and United States Attorneys followed such Department of Justice policies
through pursuing prosecutions, then the Company could face (i) seizure of its cash and other assets used to support or derived from its
cannabis subsidiaries, (ii) the arrest of its employees, directors, officers, managers and investors, and charges of ancillary criminal
violations of the CSA for aiding and abetting and conspiring to violate the CSA by virtue of providing financial support to cannabis
companies that service or provide goods to state-licensed or permitted cultivators, processors, distributors, and/or retailers of cannabis,
and/or (iii) barring employees, directors, officers, managers and investors who are not U.S. citizens from entry into the United States
for life. There is no guarantee that state laws legalizing and regulating the sale and use of cannabis will not be repealed or overturned,
or that local governmental authorities will not limit the applicability of state laws within their respective jurisdictions. Unless and
until the United States Congress amends the Controlled Substances Act with respect to medical and/or adult-use cannabis (and as to the
timing or scope of any such potential amendments there can be no assurance), there is a risk that federal authorities may enforce current
federal law. If the federal government begins to enforce federal laws relating to cannabis in states where the sale and use of cannabis
is currently legal, or if existing applicable state laws are repealed or curtailed, the Company s business, results of operations,
financial condition and prospects would be materially adversely affected. 

Possible
yet unanticipated changes in federal and state law could cause any products that we intend to launch, containing hemp-derived CBD oil
to be illegal, or could otherwise prohibit, limit or restrict any of our products containing CBD. 

Until
2014, when 7 U.S. Code 5940 became federal law as part of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Farm Act ), products
containing oils derived from hemp, notwithstanding a minimal or non-existing THC content, were classified as Schedule I illegal drugs.
The 2014 Farm Act expired on September 30, 2018, and was thereafter replaced by the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018 on December
20, 2018 (the 2018 Farm Act ), which amended various sections of the U.S. Code, thereby removing hemp, defined as cannabis
with less than 0.3 of THC, from Schedule 1 status under the Controlled Substances Act CSA ), and legalizing the cultivation
and sale of hemp at the federal level, subject to compliance with certain federal requirements and state law, amongst other things. THC
is the psychoactive component of plants in the cannabis family generally identified as marihuana or marijuana. 

The
2018 Farm Bill also shifted regulatory authority from the Drug Enforcement Administration to the Department of Agriculture. The 2018
Farm Bill did not change the United States Food and Drug Administration s FDA oversight authority over CBD products.
The 2018 Farm Act delegated the authority to the states to regulate and limit the production of hemp and hemp derived products within
their territories. Although many states have adopted laws and regulations that allow for the production and sale of hemp and hemp derived
products under certain circumstances, no assurance can be given that such state laws may not be repealed or amended such that our intended
products containing hemp-derived CBD would once again be deemed illegal under the laws of one or more states now permitting such products,
which in turn would render such intended products illegal in those states under federal law even if the federal law is unchanged. In
the event of either repeal of federal or of state laws and regulations, or of amendments thereto that are adverse to our intended medical
CBD products, we may be restricted or limited with respect to those products that we may sell or distribute, which could adversely impact
our intended business plan with respect to such intended products. 

Additionally,
the FDA has indicated its view that certain types of products containing CBD may not be permissible under the United States Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA ). The FDA s position is related to its approval of Epidiolex, a marijuana-derived prescription
medicine to be available in the United States. The active ingredient in Epidiolex is CBD. On December 20, 2018, after the passage of
the 2018 Farm Bill, FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb issued a statement in which he reiterated the FDA s position that, among other
things, the FDA requires a cannabis product (hemp-derived or otherwise) that is marketed with a claim of therapeutic benefit, or with
any other disease claim, to be approved by the FDA for its intended use before it may be introduced into interstate commerce and that
the FDCA prohibits introducing into interstate commerce food products containing added CBD, and marketing products containing CBD as
a dietary supplement, regardless of whether the substances are hemp-derived. Although we believe our existing and planned CBD product
offerings comply with applicable federal and state laws and regulations, legal proceedings alleging violations of such laws could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

11 

FDA
regulation could negatively affect the hemp industry, which would directly affect our financial condition. 

The
FDA may seek expanded regulation of hemp under the FDCA. Additionally, the FDA may issue rules and regulations, including certified good
manufacturing practices, or cGMPs, related to the growth, cultivation, harvesting and processing of hemp. Clinical trials may be needed
to verify efficacy and safety. It is also possible that the FDA would require that facilities where hemp is grown register with the FDA
and comply with certain federally prescribed regulations. In the event that some or all of these regulations are imposed, we do not know
what the impact would be on the hemp industry, including what costs, requirements and possible prohibitions may be enforced. If we or
our partners are unable to comply with the regulations or registration as prescribed by the FDA, we and or our partners (including C2M)
may be unable to continue to operate their and our business in its current or planned form or at all. 

Sources
of hemp-derived CBD depend upon legality of cultivation, processing, marketing and sales of products derived from those plants under
state law of the United States. 

Hemp-derived
CBD can only be legally produced in states that have laws and regulations that allow for such production and that comply with the 2018
Farm Act, apart from state laws legalizing and regulating medical and recreational cannabis or marijuana, which remains illegal under
federal law and regulations. In addition, as described in the preceding risk factor, in the event of repeal or amendment of laws and
regulations which are now favorable to the cannabis/hemp industry in such states, we would be required to locate new suppliers in states
with laws and regulations that qualify under the 2018 Farm Act. If we were to be unsuccessful in arranging new sources of supply of our
raw ingredients, or if our raw ingredients were to become legally unavailable, our intended business plan with respect to such products
could be adversely impacted. 

Because
our distributors may only sell and ship our products containing hemp-derived CBD in states that have adopted laws and regulations qualifying
under the 2018 Farm Act, a reduction in the number of states having such qualifying laws and regulations could limit, restrict or otherwise
preclude the sale of intended products containing hemp-derived CBD. 

The
interstate shipment of hemp-derived CBD from one state to another is legal only where both states have laws and regulations that allow
for the production and sale of such products and that qualify under the 2018 Farm Act. Therefore, the marketing and sale of our intended
products containing hemp-derived CBD is limited by such factors and is restricted to such states. Although we believe we may lawfully
sell any of our finished products, including those containing CBD, in a majority of states, a repeal or adverse amendment of laws and
regulations that are now favorable to the distribution, marketing and sale of finished products we intend to sell could significantly
limit, restrict or prevent us from generating revenue related to our products that contain hemp-derived CBD. Any such repeal or adverse
amendment of now favorable laws and regulations could have an adverse impact on our business plan with respect to such products. 

Due
to recent expansion into the Cannabis industry, we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate
our business, which may expose us to additional risk and financial liability . 

Insurance
that is otherwise readily available, such as general liability, and directors and officer s insurance, may become more difficult
for us to find, and more expensive, due to our intended launch of certain products containing Cannabis. There are no guarantees that
we will be able to find such insurances in the future, or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are forced to go without such
insurances, it may prevent us from entering into certain business sectors, may inhibit our growth, and may expose us to additional risk
and financial liabilities. 

Our
products may not meet health and safety standards or could become contaminated. 

We
have adopted various quality, environmental, health and safety standards. We do not have control over all of the third parties involved
in the manufacturing of our products and their compliance with government health and safety standards. Even if our products meet these
standards, they could otherwise become contaminated. A failure to meet these standards or contamination could occur in our operations
or those of our manufacturers, distributors or suppliers. This could result in expensive production interruptions, recalls and liability
claims. Moreover, negative publicity could be generated from false, unfounded or nominal liability claims or limited recalls. Any of
these failures or occurrences could negatively affect our business and financial performance. 

12 

The
sale of our products involves product liability and related risks that could expose us to significant insurance and loss expenses. 

We
face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims if the use of our products results in, or is believed to have resulted
in, illness or injury. Our products contain combinations of ingredients, and there is little long-term experience with the effect of
these combinations. In addition, interactions of these products with other products, prescription medicines and over-the-counter drugs
have not been fully explored or understood and may have unintended consequences. While our third-party manufacturers perform tests in
connection with the formulations of our products, these tests are not designed to evaluate the inherent safety of our products. 

Any
product liability claim may increase our costs and adversely affect our revenue and operating income. Moreover, liability claims arising
from a serious adverse event may increase our costs through higher insurance premiums and deductibles and may make it more difficult
to secure adequate insurance coverage in the future. In addition, our product liability insurance may fail to cover future product liability
claims, which, if adversely determined, could subject us to substantial monetary damages. 

Confusion
between legal Cannabis and illegal Cannabis. 

There
is risk that confusion or uncertainty surrounding our products with regulated cannabis could occur on the state or federal level and
impact us. We may have difficulty with establishing banking relationships, working with investment banks and brokers who would be willing
to offer and sell our securities or accept deposits from shareholders, and auditors willing to certify our financial statements if we
are confused with businesses that are in the cannabis business. Any of these additional factors, should they occur, could also affect
our business, prospects, assets or results of operation could have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations
or financial condition of the Company. 

There
exists U.S. state regulatory uncertainty. 

The
rulemaking process for cannabis operators at the state level in any state will be ongoing and result in frequent changes. As a result,
a compliance program is essential to manage regulatory risk. All operating policies and procedures implemented in the operation will
be compliance-based and derived from the state regulatory structure governing ancillary cannabis businesses and their relationships to
state-licensed or permitted cannabis operators, if any. Notwithstanding the Company s efforts, regulatory compliance and the process
of obtaining regulatory approvals can be costly and time-consuming. No assurance can be given that the Company will receive the requisite
licenses, permits or cards to operate its businesses. 

In
addition, local laws and ordinances could restrict the Company s business activity. Although legal under the laws of the states
in which the Company s business will operate, local governments have the ability to limit, restrict, and ban cannabis businesses
from operating within their jurisdiction. Land use, zoning, local ordinances, and similar laws could be adopted or changed, and have
a material adverse effect on the Company s business. 

The
Company is aware that multiple states are considering special taxes or fees on businesses in the marijuana industry. It is a potential
yet unknown risk at this time that other states are in the process of reviewing such additional fees and taxation. This could have a
material adverse effect upon the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 

13 

There
is no assurance that the Company will obtain and retain any relevant licenses. 

State
licenses in the U.S. are subject to ongoing compliance and reporting requirements. Failure by the Company to comply with the requirements
of licenses or any failure to maintain licenses would have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition and operating
results of the Company. Should any state in which the Company considers a license important not grant, extend or renew such license or
should it renew such license on different terms, or should it decide to grant more than the anticipated number of licenses, the business,
financial condition and results of the operation of the Company could be materially adversely affected. The cannabis laws and regulations
of states in which we operate limit the granting and number of licenses granted for dispensaries and cultivation and production facilities.
The number of licenses by category, and issuance of individual licenses, may be limited, delayed, denied or otherwise unissued. This
separate treatment of individual licenses as well as license categories, along with limits set on the number of licenses granted in each
of these operating categories, can result in market and supply chain risks including, for example, mismatch between cultivation and production
facilities and dispensaries relating to availability and production of cannabis products. This can result in, among other things, market,
pricing and supply risks, which may have a material effect on the Company s business, financial condition and operations. 

The
Company is subject to restricted access to banking. 

Because
the manufacture, distribution, and dispensation of cannabis remains illegal under the CSA, banks and other financial institutions providing
services to cannabis-related businesses risk violation of federal anti-money laundering statutes (18 U.S.C. 1956 and 1957),
the unlicensed money-remitter statute (18 U.S.C. 1960) and the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act. These statutes can impose criminal liability
for engaging in certain financial and monetary transactions with the proceeds of a specified unlawful activity such as
distributing controlled substances which are illegal under federal law, including cannabis, and for failing to identify or report financial
transactions that involve the proceeds of cannabis-related violations of the CSA. 

In
February 2014, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department issued guidance
(which is not law) with respect to financial institutions providing banking services to cannabis business, including burdensome due diligence
expectations and reporting requirements. This guidance does not provide any safe harbors or legal defenses from examination or regulatory
or criminal enforcement actions by the Department of Justice, FinCEN or other federal regulators. Thus, most banks and other financial
institutions in the United States do not appear to be comfortable providing banking services to cannabis-related businesses, or relying
on this guidance, which can be amended or revoked at any time by the Trump Administration. In addition to the foregoing, banks may refuse
to process debit card payments and credit card companies generally refuse to process credit card payments for cannabis-related businesses.
As a result, the Company may have limited or no access to banking or other financial services in the United States. In addition, federal
money laundering statutes and Bank Secrecy Act regulations discourage financial institutions from working with any organization that
sells a controlled substance, regardless of whether the state it resides in permits cannabis sales. The inability or limitation in the
Company s ability to open or maintain bank accounts, obtain other banking services and/or accept credit card and debit card payments
may make it difficult for the Company to operate and conduct its business as planned or to operate efficiently. 

On
March 18, 2021, the Secure and Fair Enforcement Banking Act (the SAFE Banking Act was reintroduced in the House of Representatives.
On March 23, 2021, the bill was reintroduced in the Senate as well. The House previously passed the SAFE Banking Act in September 2019,
but the measure stalled in the Senate. Most recently, on February 4, 2022, the House approved the America COMPETES Act of 2022, which
includes the provisions of the SAFE Banking Act. The America COMPETES Act advanced to the Senate for consideration, but again stalled.
As written, the SAFE Banking Act would allow financial institutions to provide their services to state-legal cannabis clients and ancillary
businesses serving state-legal cannabis businesses without fear of federal sanctions. There is no guarantee the SAFE Banking Act will
become law in its current form, if at all. 

The
Company is subject to constraints on marketing products. 

The
development of the Company s business and operating results may be hindered by applicable restrictions on sales and marketing activities
imposed by government regulatory bodies. The regulatory environment in the United States limits the Company s ability to compete
for market share in a manner similar to other industries. If the Company is unable to effectively market its products and compete for
market share, or if the costs of compliance with government legislation and regulation cannot be absorbed through increased selling prices
for its products, the Company s sales and operating results could be adversely affected. 

14 

The
Company is subject to unfavorable tax treatment of cannabis businesses. 

Under
Section 280E Section 280E of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the U.S. Tax Code ),
 no deduction or credit shall be allowed for any amount paid or incurred during the taxable year in carrying on any trade or business
if such trade or business (or the activities which comprise such trade or business) consists of trafficking in controlled substances
(within the meaning of schedule I and II of the Controlled Substances Act) which is prohibited by Federal law or the law of any State
in which such trade or business is conducted. This provision has been applied by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service to cannabis
operations, prohibiting them from deducting expenses directly associated with the sale of cannabis. Section 280E therefore has a significant
impact on the retail side of cannabis, but a lesser impact on cultivation and manufacturing operations. A result of Section 280E is that
an otherwise profitable business may, in fact, operate at a loss, after taking into account its U.S. income tax expenses. 

The
Company is subject to a risk of civil asset forfeiture. 

Because
the cannabis industry remains illegal under U.S. federal law, any property owned by participants in the cannabis industry which are either
used in the course of conducting such business, or are the proceeds of such business, could be subject to seizure by law enforcement
and subsequent civil asset forfeiture. Even if the owner of the property were never charged with a crime, the property in question could
still be seized and subject to an administrative proceeding by which, with minimal due process, it could be subject to forfeiture. 

The
Company is subject to proceeds of crime statutes. 

The
Company will be subject to a variety of laws and regulations domestically and in the United States that involve money laundering, financial
recordkeeping and proceeds of crime, including the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 (commonly known as the Bank
Secrecy Act), as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and
Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), as amended and the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules,
regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by governmental authorities in the United States 

In
the event that any of the Company s license agreements, or any proceeds thereof, in the United States were found to be in violation
of money laundering legislation or otherwise, such transactions may be viewed as proceeds of crime under one or more of the statutes
noted above or any other applicable legislation. This could be materially adverse to the Company and, among other things, could restrict
or otherwise jeopardize the ability of the Company to declare or pay dividends. 

The
Company is subject to product liability. 

The
Company faces an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, regulatory action and litigation if its products are alleged
to have caused significant loss or injury. In addition, the sale of the Company s products would involve the risk of injury to
consumers due to tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from
human consumption of the Company s products alone or in combination with other medications or substances could occur. The Company
may be subject to various product liability claims, including, among others, that the Company s products caused injury or illness
or death, include inadequate instructions for use or include inadequate warnings concerning possible side effects or interactions with
other substances. A product liability claim or regulatory action against the Company could result in increased costs, could adversely
affect the Company s reputation with its clients and consumers generally, and could have a material adverse effect on the business,
results of operations and financial condition of the Company. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to obtain or maintain
product liability insurance on acceptable terms or with adequate coverage against potential liabilities. Such insurance is expensive
and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage on reasonable
terms or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of the Company s
potential products. 

15 

The
Company is subject to product recalls. 

Manufacturers
and distributors of products are sometimes subject to the recall or return of their products for a variety of reasons, including product
defects, such as contamination, unintended harmful side effects or interactions with other substances, packaging safety and inadequate
or inaccurate labeling disclosure. If any of the Company s products are recalled due to an alleged product defect or for any other
reason, the Company could be required to incur the unexpected expense of the recall and any legal proceedings that might arise in connection
with the recall. The Company may lose a significant amount of sales and may not be able to replace those sales at an acceptable margin
or at all. In addition, a product recall may require significant management attention. Although the Company has detailed procedures in
place for testing its products, there can be no assurance that any quality, potency or contamination problems will be detected in time
to avoid unforeseen product recalls, regulatory action or lawsuits. Additionally, if one of the Company s significant brands were
subject to recall, the image of that brand and the Company could be harmed. A recall for any of the foregoing reasons could lead to decreased
demand for the Company s products and could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition
of the Company. Additionally, product recalls may lead to increased scrutiny of the Company s operations by the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration, or other regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention and potential legal fees and other expenses. 

Controlled
substance legislation differs between countries and legislation in certain countries may restrict or limit our ability to sell hemp-based
consumer products. 

Most
countries are parties to the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs 1961, which governs international trade and domestic control of narcotic
substances, including cannabis extracts. Countries may interpret and implement their treaty obligations in a way that creates a legal
obstacle to our obtaining regulatory approval for our hemp-based consumer products in those countries. These countries may not be willing
or able to amend or otherwise modify their laws and regulations to permit our hemp-based consumer products to be marketed or achieving
such amendments to the laws and regulations may take a prolonged period of time. In the case of countries with similar obstacles, we
would be unable to market our hemp-based consumer products in countries in the near future or perhaps at all if the laws and regulations
in those countries do not change. 

Owners
of properties located in close proximity to our properties may assert claims against us regarding the use of the property as a marijuana
dispensary or marijuana cultivation and processing facility, which if successful, could materially and adversely affect our business. 

Owners
of properties located in close proximity to our properties may assert claims against us regarding the use of our properties, including
assertions that the use of the property constitutes a nuisance that diminishes the market value of such owner s nearby property.
Such property owners may also attempt to assert such a claim in federal court as a civil matter under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act. If a property owner were to assert such a claim against us, we may be required to devote significant resources and
costs to defending ourselves against such a claim, and if a property owner were to be successful on such a claim, our tenants may be
unable to continue to operate their business in its current form at the property, which could materially adversely impact the tenant s
business and the value of our property, our business and financial results and the trading price of our securities. 

Laws
and regulations affecting the regulated cannabis and marijuana industry are constantly changing, which could materially adversely affect
our operations, and we cannot predict the impact that future regulations may have on us. 

Local,
state and federal marijuana laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could require us to
incur substantial costs associated with compliance or alter our business plan. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations
of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on its operations. In addition, it is possible
that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our proposed business. We cannot predict the nature
of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations
or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. 

16 

Risks
Relating to Our Securities 

If
a market for our common stock does not develop, shareholders may be unable to sell their shares. 

Our
common stock is quoted under the symbol KOAN on the OTCQB. We do not currently have a consistent active trading market.
There can be no assurance that a consistent active and liquid trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will be sustained. 

Our
securities are thinly traded. Accordingly, it may be difficult to sell shares of our common stock without significantly depressing the
value of the stock. Unless we are successful in developing continued investor interest in our stock, sales of our stock could continue
to result in major fluctuations in the price of the stock. 

The
price of our common stock is volatile, which may cause investment losses for our stockholders. 

The
market price of our common stock has been and is likely in the future to be volatile. Our common stock price may fluctuate in response
to factors such as: 

Announcements
 by us regarding liquidity, significant acquisitions, equity investments and divestitures, strategic relationships, addition or loss
 of significant customers and contracts, capital expenditure commitments and litigation; 

Issuance
 of convertible or equity securities and related warrants for general or merger and acquisition purposes; 

Issuance
 or repayment of debt, accounts payable or convertible debt for general or merger and acquisition purposes; 

Sale
 of a significant number of shares of our common stock by stockholders; 

General
 market and economic conditions; 

Quarterly
 variations in our operating results; 

Investor
 and public relation activities; 

Announcements
 of technological innovations; 

New
 product introductions by us or our competitors; 

Competitive
 activities; and 

Additions
 or departures of key personnel. 

These
broad market and industry factors may have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual
operating performance. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Transfers
of our securities may be restricted by virtue of state securities blue sky laws, which prohibit trading absent compliance
with individual state laws. These restrictions may make it difficult or impossible to sell shares in those states. Without cannabis banking
laws in place, the ability to clear restricted stock is difficult. 

Transfers
of our common stock may be restricted under the securities or securities regulations laws promulgated by various states and foreign jurisdictions,
commonly referred to as blue sky laws. Absent compliance with such individual state laws, our common stock may not be traded
in such jurisdictions. Because the securities held by many of our stockholders have not been registered for resale under the blue sky
laws of any state, the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them should be aware that there may be significant state
blue sky law restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities. These restrictions
may prohibit the secondary trading of our common stock. Investors should consider the secondary market for our securities to be a limited
one. The restricted access to cannabis banking makes it more difficult for cannabis investors to clear their stock from a Transfer Agent TA to their brokerage of choice. We can provide no assurances to investors of our stock that they will have the ability
to move their restricted stock from the TA to their brokerage until federal banking laws are enacted. 

17 

The
sale of a significant number of our shares of common stock could depress the price of our common stock. 

Sales
or issuances of a large number of shares of common stock in the public market or the perception that sales may occur could cause the
market price of our common stock to decline. Significant shares of common stock are held by our principal stockholders, other company
insiders and other large stockholders. As affiliates of Resonate, as defined under Securities and Exchange Commission Rule
144 under the Securities Act of 1933, our principal stockholders, other of our insiders and other large stockholders may only sell their
shares of common stock in the public market pursuant to an effective registration statement or in compliance with Rule 144. 

Future
issuance of additional shares of common stock and/or preferred stock could dilute existing stockholders. We have and may issue preferred
stock that could have rights that are preferential to the rights of common stock that could discourage potentially beneficially transactions
to our common stockholders. 

Pursuant
to our Articles of Incorporation, we currently have authorized 200,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock. To the extent that common shares are available for issuance, subject to compliance with applicable stock exchange listing rules,
our board of directors has the ability to issue additional shares of common stock in the future for such consideration as the board of
directors may consider sufficient. The issuance of any additional securities could, among other things, result in substantial dilution
of the percentage ownership of our stockholders at the time of issuance, result in substantial dilution of our earnings per share and
adversely affect the prevailing market price for our common stock. 

An
issuance of additional shares of preferred stock could result in a class of outstanding securities that would have preferences with respect
to voting rights and dividends and in liquidation over our common stock and could, upon conversion or otherwise, have all of the rights
of our common stock. Our Board of Directors authority to issue preferred stock could discourage potential takeover attempts or
could delay or prevent a change in control through merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise by making these attempts more difficult
or costly to achieve. The issuance of preferred stock could impair the voting, dividend and liquidation rights of common stockholders
without their approval. 

Future
capital raises may dilute our existing stockholders ownership and/or have other adverse effects on our operations. 

If
we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our existing stockholders percentage ownership will be reduced, and
these stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may also issue equity securities that provide for rights, preferences and
privileges senior to those of our common stock. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt securities, these debt securities would
have rights senior to those of our common stock and the terms of the debt securities issued could impose significant restrictions on
our operations, including liens on our assets. If we raise additional funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we may
be required to relinquish some rights to our technologies or candidate products, or to grant licenses on terms that are not favorable
to us. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to
finance the growth and development of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable
future. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation,
if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

Anti-takeover
provisions may limit the ability of another party to acquire our company, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation, as amended, our bylaws and Nevada law contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a third party
from acquiring our company, even if doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders. In addition, these provisions could limit the price
investors would be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. 

18 

Our
Articles of Incorporation allow for our board to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders, which
could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock; our outstanding Preferred Stock contains provisions that restrict
our ability to take certain actions without the consent of a certain percentage of Preferred Stock then outstanding. 

Our
Board of Directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our Board of Directors
also has the authority to issue preferred stock without further stockholder approval. As a result, our Board of Directors could authorize
the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right
to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the shares,
together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our common stock. In addition, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance
of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which
could decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders. 

Provisions
in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws could make it very difficult for an investor to bring any legal actions against our directors
or officers for violations of their fiduciary duties or could require us to pay any amounts incurred by our directors or officers in
any such actions. 

Members
of our board of directors and our officers will have no liability for breaches of their fiduciary duty of care as a director or officer,
except in limited circumstances, pursuant to provisions in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws as authorized by the Nevada Revised
Statutes. Specifically, Section 78.138 of the Nevada Revised Statutes provides that a director or officer is not individually liable
to the company or its shareholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a
director or officer unless it is proven that (1) the director s or officer s act or failure to act constituted a breach of
his or her fiduciary duties as a director or officer and (2) his or her breach of those duties involved intentional misconduct, fraud
or a knowing violation of law. This provision is intended to afford directors and officers protection against and to limit their potential
liability for monetary damages resulting from suits alleging a breach of the duty of care by a director or officer. Accordingly, you
may be unable to prevail in a legal action against our directors or officers even if they have breached their fiduciary duty of care.
In addition, our Bylaws allow us to indemnify our directors and officers from and against any and all costs, charges and expenses resulting
from their acting in such capacities with us. This means that if you were able to enforce an action against our directors or officers,
in all likelihood, we would be required to pay any expenses they incurred in defending the lawsuit and any judgment or settlement they
otherwise would be required to pay. Accordingly, our indemnification obligations could divert needed financial resources and may adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and adversely affect prevailing market prices for our
common stock. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff comments 

None 

Item
2. Properties 

Currently,
we do not own any real estate. Our principal executive offices are located at 26565 Agoura Road, Suite 200, Calabasas, CA 91302. We pay
rent of 99.00 per month at this location. We believe that our properties are adequate for our current needs, but growth potential may
require larger facilities due to anticipated addition of personnel. We do not have any policies regarding investments in real estate,
securities or other forms of property. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
have no current legal proceedings. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

19 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted under the symbol KOAN on the OTCQB. Only a limited market exists for our securities. There is no
assurance that a regular trading market will develop, or if developed, that it will be sustained. Therefore, a shareholder may be unable
to resell his securities in our company. 

The
following table lists the high and low closing sale prices for our stock for each quarter for the last two fiscal years as reported on
the OTCQB. Because our stock is traded on the OTCQB, these quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail markup, markdown or
commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

Closing Price 
 
 Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 .93 
 .11 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 .67 
 .23 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 .49 
 .34 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 .42 
 .20 

Closing Price 
 
 Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 .3050 
 .0851 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 .1392 
 .0682 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 .093 
 .025 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 .0699 
 .0152 

The
ability of individual stockholders to trade their shares in a particular state may be subject to various rules and regulations of that
state. A number of states require that an issuer s securities be registered in their state or appropriately exempted from registration
before the securities are permitted to trade in that state. Presently, we have no plans to register our securities in any particular
state. Further, our shares may be subject to the provisions of Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act, commonly referred to
as the penny stock rule. Section 15(g) sets forth certain requirements for transactions in penny stocks and Rule 15g-9(d)(1)
incorporates the definition of penny stock as that used in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act. 

Holders
of Our Common Stock 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 75,437,604 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, held by approximately 175 shareholders of record
at our transfer agent, with approximately 47 additional shareholders holding our shares in street name. 

Dividends 

We
currently intend to retain future earnings for the operation of our business. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common
stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

In
the event that a dividend is declared, common stockholders on the record date are entitled to share ratably in any dividends that may
be declared from time to time on the common stock by our board of directors from funds legally available. 

There
are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that restrict us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes,
however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: 

1. 
 We
 would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or 

2. 
 Our
 total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities, plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders
 who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. 

20 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

On
March 19, 2019, our Board of Directors adopted the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The purpose of the Plan is to
attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility with us, to provide additional incentive
to employees, directors and consultants, and to promote our success. Under the Plan, we are currently able to issue up to an aggregate
total of 10,000,000 incentive or non-qualified options to purchase our common stock, stock awards and other offerings. 

Equity
Compensation Plans as of December 31, 2022 

Equity Compensation 
 Plans Approved by 
 the Shareholders 
 Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options 
 Number of Securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 2019 Equity Compensation Plan 
 - 
 - 
 10,000,000 
 
 Other Equity Compensation (restricted stock awards) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 - 
 - 
 10,000,000 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the fourth quarter of 2022, we issued a total of 25,000 shares of common stock to vendors for services rendered. 

During
the third quarter of 2022, we issued a total of 27,565,745 shares of common stock to vendors for compensation, services rendered, private placement note conversions into equity and
commitment shares. 

On
July 15, 2022, we issued a total of 21,993,806 shares of common stock to certain note holders as a result of voluntary conversions of
their 8 convertible notes issued in early 2021. The aggregate dollar amount of debt reduced by the conversions was 1,917,382. 

During
the second quarter of 2022, the Company issued a total of 50,000 shares of common stock to vendors for compensation and services rendered. 

During
the first quarter of 2022, the company issued a total of 904,666 shares of common stock to vendors for compensation and services rendered. 

These
securities were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. The holders represented
their intention to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view towards distribution. The investors were given adequate
information about us to make an informed investment decision. We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. We directed
our transfer agent to issue the stock certificates with the appropriate restrictive legend affixed to the restricted stock. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

Not
required under Regulation S-K for smaller reporting companies. 

21 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Results
of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

We
have generated 49,501 in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with sales of 27,031 for the year ended December
31, 2021 on our current product line. We have launched our first line of six Cordial products in California, with a seventh introduced
at the end of September 2022, and we have started to generate revenues from the sale of these products. 

We anticipate increased revenues on our seven Cordials
including our newly launched Sleep Cordial, for the rest of 2023. In Q3 2022, we rolled out a new packaging configuration for our Cordials:
to include a one-pack, a 4-pack to replace the 3-pack and a multi-dose bottle which is expected to bring the cost per dose down considerably.
Our family of Cordial products are now fully in the market; however, it may take some time for the markets to react, gain traction and
result in brand awareness among our customers. There can be no assurances, however, that customers will positively react to our products. 

Gross
Profit 

We
accrued 33,068 in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in a gross profit of 16,433 for the year ended December
31, 2022. We have had little historical data to compare our margins for the sale of our new products, which were introduced into the
retail channel in late Q2 of 2021. We accrued 19,148 in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting in a gross
profit of 7,883 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our gross margin, which is the difference between our revenues and our cost of
revenues, is expected to increase in future quarters as we work to increase our efficiency and lessen costs. In addition, our gross margin
percentage, which was 33.20 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and we hope will stabilize in the 35 to 43 range as we implement
cost saving measures and roll out new products to increase sales for the balance of 2023. We are also implementing new packaging configurations
which we expect to stabilize our overall gross margin. 

Operating
Expenses 

Our operating expenses were 1,405,828 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as compared with 2,539,288 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The main drivers for the
overall decrease in operating expenses in 2022 were the reduction of legal, professional fees and salaries as well as a significant decrease
in non-cash management fees. 

Our continued focus on sales,
advertising, marketing and new product development costs to support our planned growth is expected to increase throughout 2023. 

We spent 233,208 less on
advertising for year ended December 31, 2022, than for the year ended 2021. We spent more on advertising for the year ended December 31,
2021 particularly the first quarter to introduce our Koan Cordials to the California retail channel, perform Search Engine Optimization
(SEO), conduct Programmatic advertising, hire a professional agency to promote our Cordials on social media channels and other general
advertising methods. We believe our advertising efforts will pay dividends for the rest of 2023 as the awareness groundwork has been established
to educate the market on our family of Cordial formulations. 

Professional fees decreased
by 390,547 for the year ended December 31, 2022, over the year ended 2021. Our professional fees were less for this year compared to
last year, but we expect that professional fees will increase in 2023 as we continue to ramp up operations. 

22 

General
and administrative expenses increased by 32,793 for the year ended December 31, 2022, over the year ended 2021. The increased expenses
resulted from establishing our internal sales team, attending strategic trade shows and bringing on consultants and financial analysts
to assist in analyzing our acquisition strategy. We expect general and administrative expenses to remain fairly constant throughout 2023,
but expenses could increase significantly if we acquire new companies as part of our overall corporate strategy. 

We
also expect that our operating expenses will increase in 2023 over 2022 as we roll out new products along with our existing products,
and the increased expenses associated with operations, and in connection with any acquisitions. 

Other
Income/Expenses 

We had other income of 2,043,022 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 compared with other expenses of 2,341,651 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our other income for the year ended
December 31, 2022 was mainly attributable to the gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities. Our other expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2021 was mainly attributable to a loss on revaluation of derivative liabilities. 

Net Income/Loss 

We had net income of 653,627 for the year ended December
31, 2022, as compared with a net loss of 4,873,056 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had total assets
of 399,121 consisting of 64,419 in cash, 0 in advances to suppliers, 150,000 in other receivable and 160,492 in inventories.
Our total current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were 1,545,851. We had a working capital deficit of 1,170,940 as of December 31,
2022 compared with a working capital deficit of 4,133,368 as of December 31, 2021. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Operating activities used 1,428,467 in cash year
ended December 31, 2022, compared with cash used of 2,782,102 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our negative operating cash flow
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was largely the result of our unrealized gain on derivative liability of 2,213,527, offset by our
net income of 653,627. Our negative operating cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2021 was largely the result of our net loss of
 4,873,056, offset mainly by the loss on derivative liabilities of 2,011,881. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Investing activities used 0 in cash for year ended
December 31, 2022, as compared with 36,048 to purchase computer equipment for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Cash flows provided by financing activities during
the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 1,479,973, compared with cash flows provided by financing activities of 2,716,738 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. Our positive cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisted of proceeds from issuance of common
stock of 91,173 and proceeds from Convertible notes payable of 1,388,800. Our positive cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021,
consisted of proceeds from issuance of common stock of 1,367,115, proceeds from Convertible notes payable of 1,865,000, offset by payments
of notes payable of 515,377. 

The features of the debt instruments and payables
concerning our financing activities are detailed in the footnotes to our financial statements. 

23 

We
are dependent on investment capital to continue our survival. We have raised money through convertible debt, almost always on unfavorable
terms. There is no guarantee that these small convertible loans will be available to us in the future or on terms acceptable to us. 

We
also plan to raise money in the sale of our equity and debt securities. There can be no assurance of funds from these efforts or that
any other type of additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Going
Concern 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have an accumulated deficit of 25,320,424. Our ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon the
successful completion of additional financing arrangements and our ability to achieve and maintain profitable operations. While we are
expanding our best efforts to achieve the above plans, there is no assurance that any such activity will generate funds that will be
available for operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. These financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might arise from this uncertainty. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

In
December 2001, the SEC requested that all registrants list their most critical accounting polices in the Management Discussion
and Analysis. The SEC indicated that a critical accounting policy is one which is both important to the portrayal of a
company s financial condition and results, and requires management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often
as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. There have been no material changes
to our critical accounting policies as described in the footnotes to our financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022; however, we consider our critical accounting policies to be those related to determining the amount
of revenue to be billed, the timing of revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, capitalization and related amortization of intangible
assets, impairment of assets, and the fair value of liabilities. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

No
new accounting pronouncements issued or effective during the fiscal year has had or is expected to have a material impact on the financial
statements. 

24 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index
to Financial Statements Required by Article 8 of Regulation S-X: 

Audited
Financial Statements: 

F-1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm; 
 
 F-4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 
 F-6 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022; 
 
 F-6 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the year ended December 31, 2021; 
 
 F-7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; and 
 
 F-8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

25 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Resonate Blends Inc. 

 26565
Agoura Road, Suite 200 

 Calabasas,
CA 91302 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Resonate Blends, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and the related
consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of year ended December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s continuing operating losses and accumulated deficit raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note
1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 1 

Critical
Audit Matters 

A
critical audit matter is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee or the Company s governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
a critical audit, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We
have determined there are critical matters related to the Company s convertible debentures. 

As
described in Notes 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had convertible debentures that required accounting
considerations and significant estimates. 

The
Company determined that variable conversion features issued in connection with certain convertible debentures required derivative liability
classification. These variable conversion features were initially measured at fair value and subsequently have been remeasured to fair
value at each reporting period. The Company determined the fair value of the embedded derivatives using the Black-Scholes-Merton option
pricing model. The value of the embedded derivative liabilities related to the convertible debentures was 72,487 and gain recognized
from the change of derivative liability was 2,213,527 at December 31, 2022. 

We
identified the accounting considerations and related valuations, including the related fair value determinations of the embedded derivative
liabilities of such as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination were: (1) the accounting consideration
in determining the nature of the various features (2) the evaluation of the potential derivatives and potential bifurcation in the instruments,
and (3) considerations related to the determination of the fair value of the various debt and equity instruments and the conversion features
that include valuation models and assumptions utilized by management. An audit of these elements is especially challenging and requires
auditor judgement due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized
skill or knowledge needed. 

Our
audit procedures related to management s conclusion on the evaluation and related valuation of embedded derivatives, included the
following, among others: (1) evaluating the relevant terms and conditions of the various financings, (2) assessing the appropriateness
of conclusions reached by the Company with respect to the accounting for the convertible debt, and the assessment and accounting for
potential derivatives and (3) independently recomputing the valuations determined by Management. 

Other
Matters 

The
accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Resonate Blends, Inc. as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in stockholders (deficit), and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes were audited by
another Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Boyle CPA, LLC. 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

April
 17, 2023 
 PCAOB
 ID: 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Resonate
Blends, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Resonate Blends, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021,
the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Substantial
Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

As
discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s continuing operating losses and accumulated deficit
raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of the financial
statements. Management s plans are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
of Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
served as the Company s auditor from 2018 to 2022. 

April
19, 2022 

 (PCAOB
ID: 

331
 Newman Springs Road 

Building
 1, 4 th Floor, Suite 143 
 P
 (732) 784-1582 
 
 Red
 Bank, NJ 07701 
 F
 (732) 510-0665 

F- 3 

RESONATE
BLENDS, INC. 

 (FORMERLY
TEXTMUNICATION HOLDINGS, INC.) 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEET 

December 31,2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Advances to Suppliers 
 - 

Other receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Inventories 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Derivative Valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Investment in equity method investee 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Due to related parties 

Convertible notes payable, net of discount 

Derivative liability 

Settlement liability 
 
 - 
 
 Current liabilities of discontinued operations 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders deficit 

Preferred stock, 
 shares authorized, 
 par value, 
 shares issued. 

Series B - Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value, issued. 
 
 - 
 
 Series C - Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value, issued and outstanding 

Series D Preferred stock shares authorized, par value and issued and outstanding, respectively 

Preferred Stock Value 
 - 

Common stock; 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. 

Stock subscription receivable 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

RESONATE
BLENDS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF OPERATION 

December 31 2022 
 December 31 2021 

The Year ended 

December 31 2022 
 December 31 2021 

REVENUES 

COST OF REVENUES 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Advertising 

General and administrative expenses 

Legal and Professional fees 

Officer Compensation 

Salaries and Related 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 

Office Rent 

Impairment of in house software 
 - 
 - 

Non cash management fees 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other Income (expense) 

Other Income 

Interest expense 

Gain (Loss) on change of derivative liability 

Amortization of debt discount 
 - 

Amortization of issuance costs 

Gain (loss) on settlement of derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Legal settlement 
 - 
 - 

(Loss) Gain on settlement of notes payable 

Total other Income (expense) 

Income (loss) from investment in equity method investee 
 - 
 - 

NET INCOME (LOSS) from continuing operations 

NET INCOME (LOSS) from discontinued operations 
 
 - 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Net Income (loss) per common share: basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

RESONATE
BLENDS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 APIC 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Preferred Stock Series A 
 Preferred stock - Series C 
 Common Stock 
 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 APIC 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock in private placement 

Issuance of common stock for debt conversions 

Stock issuance for services 

Net Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 APIC 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Preferred Stock Series A 
 Preferred stock - Series C 
 Common Stock 
 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 APIC 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock in private placement 

Issuance of common stock for debt conversions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Non-cash compensation 

Exercise of warrant 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net Loss 

Net Income (Loss) 

Balance December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

RESONATE
BLENDS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

31-Dec-22 
 31-Dec-21 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net Income (loss) 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

Adjustments to reconcile 

Amortization and depreciation 

(Gain) Loss on derivative liability 

Non cash interest expense 

Stock subscription receivable 

Share professional fees/ compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 - 

Gain on settlement of Derivative liabilities 
 - 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Inventories 

Prepaids 

Advances to suppliers 
 
 - 
 
 Other receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Due to Related party 

Net cash used by operating activities 

Net cash provided by discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from investing activities 

Purchase of fixed assets 
 - 

Net cash used by investing activities 
 - 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from subscription 

Proceeds from convertible notes (net) 

Payments on convertible notes payable 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 

Non-Cash investing and financing transactions 

Conversion of debt for common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

RESONATE
BLENDS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

On
November 16, 2013, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (SEA) with Textmunication, Inc. a California corporation, whereby
the sole shareholder of the Company received new shares of common stock of the Company in exchange for of the Textmunication s
issued and outstanding shares. 

Textmunication
is an online mobile marketing platform service that will connect merchants with their customers and allow them to drive loyalty and repeat
business in a non-intrusive, value added medium. For merchants we provide a mobile marketing platform where they can always send the
most up-to-date offers/discounts/alerts/events schedule, such as happy hours, trivia night, and other campaigns. The consumer can also
access specials and promotions that merchants choose to distribute through Textmunication by opting into keywords designated to the merchant s
keywords. 

On
July 9, 2018, the 

On
June 25, 2019, the Company issued a press release announcing it plans to change its business direction from its current SMS technology
business to focus on the emerging national cannabis market. The Company planned on using its mobile texting platform to enhance communication
efforts with the potential acquisitions. 

On
October 25, 2019, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the Resonate Purchase Agreement with
Resonate Blends, LLC, a California limited liability company Resonate ), and the members of Resonate. As a result of the
transaction, Resonate became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement, at the
closing an aggregate of of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock for a total of shares were issued to the
holders of Resonate in exchange for their membership interests of Resonate. These shares have anti-dilution protection. 

Also,
on October 25, 2019, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the Entourage Labs Purchase Agreement with Entourage Labs, LLC, a California limited liability company Entourage Labs ), and the members of Entourage Labs. As
a result of the transaction, Entourage Labs became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In accordance with the terms of the Purchase
Agreement, at the closing an aggregate of of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock for a total of shares
were issued to the holders of Entourage Labs in exchange for their membership interests of Entourage Labs. These shares have anti-dilution
protection. 

In
addition, the Company entered into an Agreement of Conveyance, Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations (the Conveyance
Agreement with Mark S. Johnson and the Company s owned subsidiary, Aspire Consulting Group, LLC, a Virginia limited
liability company. Pursuant to the Conveyance Agreement, the Company transferred all assets and business operations associated with its
IT consulting solutions, including all of the capital stock of Aspire Consulting, to Mr. Johnson. In exchange, Mr. Johnson agreed to
cancel shares of common stock in the Company and to assume and cancel all liabilities relating to the Company s former business. 

Finally,
the Company entered into Employment Agreements with the following persons: (i) Geoffrey Selzer as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the
Company with an annual salary of ; and (ii) Pamela Kerwin as Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the Company with an annual salary
of . Both are eligible for salary increases upon milestone achievements and other benefits. 

On
December 16, 2019 the Company filed Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of Nevada in order to effectuate a merger with its
wholly owned subsidiary; Resonate Blends, Inc. Shareholder approval was not required under Section 92A.180 of the Nevada Revised Statutes.
As part of the merger, the Company s board of directors authorized a change in our name to Resonate Blends, Inc. 
and the Company s Articles of Incorporation have been amended to reflect this name change. 

In
connection with the name change, the Company s symbol was changed to KOAN that more resembles the Company s
new business focus. 

On
January 20, 2020, Wais Asefi resigned as Chairman and as a member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Asefi s resignation is in support
of Resonate Blends strategic direction of becoming a pure play cannabis company. The Company does not believe that Mr. Asefi has any
disagreements on matters relating to our operations, policies or practices. Also, on January 20, 2020, our Board of Directors appointed
Geoffrey Selzer as our Chairman. 

On
May 22, 2020, Resonate Blends, Inc. (the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA with
Wais Asefi, Nick Miniello, Juleon Asefi, and Curt Byers (collectively, the Asefi Group to sell to the Asefi Group its
subsidiary, Textmunication, Inc., a California corporation Textmunication ). Textmunication operates the Company s
SMS business activities. The Company will retain its cannabis operations based in Calabasas, California. 

The
consideration for the sale of Textmunication consists of the cancellation by the Asefi Group of shares of common stock (the
 Shares of the Company. The Shares have a market value of , based on our last sales price of per share as
of May 26, 2020. Upon the cancellation of the Shares, the Company agreed to execute a general release in favor of Mr. Asefi. 

Also
on May 22, 2020, the Company entered into a Separation and Release Agreement (the Separation Agreement with Wais Asefi.
Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, Mr. Asefi agreed to separate from all officer positions and as a director of the Company and to
further accept the payment of from the Company s future fundraising as consideration of all debts outstanding under Mr.
Asefi s employment agreement with the Company. Mr. Asefi further agreed to cancel his shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and to transfer his shares of Series C Preferred Stock to Geoffrey Selzer, the Company s current CEO and Director. Mr.
Asefi further released the Company of all claims. 

Also
on May 22, 2020, Mr. Selzer signed a Voting Agreement and agreed to vote his newly acquired shares of Series C Preferred Stock
in favor of the sale of Textmunication to the Asefi Group. 

On
May 22, 2020, Resonate Blends, Inc. (the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA with
Wais Asefi, Nick Miniello, Juleon Asefi, and Curt Byers (collectively, the Asefi Group to sell to the Asefi Group its
subsidiary, Textmunication, Inc., a California corporation Textmunication ). Textmunication operates the Company s
SMS business activities. 

On
July 20, 2020, the parties closed on the transactions contained in the SPA. The Asefi Group cancelled shares of common stock
(the Shares of the Company. The Shares have a market value of , based on our last sales price of per share
as of May 26, 2020. The Company also executed a general release in favor of Mr. Asefi. 

Basis
of Presentation 

Our
financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, as reported
on our fiscal years ending on December 31, 2022 and 2021. We have summarized our most significant accounting policies. 

Going
concern 

These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going
concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business.
As of December 31, 2022 the Company has an accumulated deficit of .
The company s ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon the successful completion of additional financing arrangements
and its ability to achieve and maintain profitable operations. While the Company is expanding its best efforts to achieve the above plans,
there is no assurance that any such activity will generate funds that will be available for operations. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial
statements. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might arise from this uncertainty. 

cash balances exceeded the federally insured
limit. 

allowance for doubtful accounts
and bad debts. 

The
three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below: 

Level
1: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities, 

Level
2: Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs that is observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full
term of the asset or liability, 

Level
3: Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (supported
by little or no market activity). 

The
fair value of the accounts receivable, accounts payable, notes payable are considered short term in nature and therefore their value
is considered fair value. 

As of December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Liabilities 

Derivative Liabilities 
 - 
 - 

. Expenditures for renewals or betterments are capitalized, and repairs and maintenance
are charged to expense as incurred the cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise disposed of are removed from the
accounts, and any gain or loss thereon is reflected in operations. Company policy capitalizes property and equipment for cost over ,
asset acquired under are charge to operations. 

and in advertising expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-06, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments, which
aims to reduce the diversity of practice in identifying embedded derivatives in debt instruments. ASU 2016-06 clarifies that the nature
of an exercise contingency is not subject to the clearly and closely criteria for purposes of assessing whether the call
or put option must be separated from the debt instrument and accounted for separately as a derivative. ASU 2016-06 is effective for the
Company beginning on January 1, 2017. Management evaluated ASU 2016-06 and determined that the adoption of this new accounting standard
did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.
 ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting and presentation of share-based payment transactions, including the accounting
for related income taxes consequences and certain classifications within the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for the
Company beginning on January 1, 2017. Management evaluated the impact of adopting ASU 2016-09 and determined that the new accounting
standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash
Payments ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are
presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017.
The new standard will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply, in which case it would be required
to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. 

In
November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) , requiring that the statement of cash flows
explain the change in the total cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents.
This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption
permitted. The provisions of this guidance are to be applied using a retrospective approach which requires application of the guidance
for all periods presented. Management has reviewed this pronouncement and has determined that it would not have a material impact to
the consolidated financial statements. 

In
May 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-09, Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Scope of Modification Accounting. The amendments
in this Update provide guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply
modification accounting in Topic 718. The amendments in this Update are effective for all entities for annual periods, and interim periods
within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in any interim period,
for (1) public business entities for reporting periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued and (2) all other entities
for reporting periods for which financial statements have not yet been made available for issuance. Management has reviewed this pronouncement
and has determined that it would not have a material impact to the consolidated financial statements. 

In
July 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2017-11,
Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480), Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815). The amendments
in Part I of this Update change the classification analysis of certain equity-linked financial instruments (or embedded features) with
down round features. When determining whether certain financial instruments should be classified as liabilities or equity instruments,
a down round feature no longer precludes equity classification when assessing whether the instrument is indexed to an entity s
own stock. The amendments also clarify existing disclosure requirements for equity-classified instruments. As a result, a freestanding
equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded conversion option) no longer would be accounted for as a derivative liability at fair
value as a result of the existence of a down round feature. For freestanding equity classified financial instruments, the amendments
require entities that present earnings per share (EPS) in accordance with Topic 260 to recognize the effect of the down round feature
when it is triggered. That effect is treated as a dividend and as a reduction of income available to common shareholders in basic EPS.
Convertible instruments with embedded conversion options that have down round features are now subject to the specialized guidance for
contingent beneficial conversion features (in Subtopic 470-20, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options), including related
EPS guidance (in Topic 260). The amendments in Part II of this Update recharacterize the indefinite deferral of certain provisions of
Topic 480 that now are presented as pending content in the Codification, to a scope exception. Those amendments do not have an accounting
effect. For public business entities, the amendments in Part I of this Update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. For all other entities, the amendments in Part I of this Update are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. Early
adoption is permitted for all entities, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim
period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. 

from the Company s
future fundraising as consideration of all debts outstanding under Mr. Asefi s employment agreement with the Company. Mr. Asefi
further agreed to cancel his shares of Series A Preferred Stock and to transfer his shares of Series C Preferred
Stock to Geoffrey Selzer, the Company s current CEO and Director. Mr. Asefi further released the Company of all claims. 

On
May 22, 2020, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the Company s transfer agent and cancelled and
on May 22, 2020 the shares of Series C Preferred Stock were transferred to Mr. Selzer. The parties to the Separation Agreement
agreed to a payment schedule of based on future monies raised by the Company - and not on a specific date as follows: 

when the initial is raised by the
 Company; 

when a total of is raised by the Company; 

when a total of is raised by the Company; 

when a total of is raised by the
 Company; 

when a total of is raised by the
 Company; 

when a total of is raised by the
 Company; 

when a total of is raised by the
 Company; and 

when a total of is raised by the
 Company. 

On
May 13, 2021, we amended the Separation Agreement to state the parties desire to reduce the total amount payable to Wais Asefi from 
USD to USD. In addition to the earlier payments made to Mr. Asefi, a payment of was made on May 14, 2021 and another
payment on June 27, 2021 for . The final payment due on August 11, 2021 was for . The final payment was made on August
11, 2021 and settled this agreement in full. Further under the amendment, Mr. Asefi nominated Textmunication, Inc., our prior subsidiary,
as the recipient of the funds due under the Separation Agreement. 

The
outstanding balances as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are 
 and 
 respectively. The remaining balance as of December
31, 2022 is due to Mr. Selzer, CEO of Resonate, as he has provided several loans to the Company. 

Less: Discounts 
 - 
 - 
 
 Less: Debt issuance cost 

Net convertible notes 

The
convertible notes as of December 31, 2022 are 
Unsecured Convertible Promissory Notes Notes from various accredited investors issued from January 1, 2021 to March 16,
2021. ,
or if a Qualified Financing (QF) of 
 is
achieved, whichever occurs first. The maturity date pricing is 0.10. A QF converts into equity at the lesser of 1.00 or 75 of the
average selling price of the aggregate offering. The
outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022 for this Unsecured Convertible Promissory Notes amounts to .
The remaining noteholder has expressed to the Company not to convert his Note into shares in the near term. Consequently, we have mutually
agreed not to accrue interest on the this Note going forward. 

On
January 28, 2022, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements (the Purchase Agreements with two accredited investors,
pursuant to which we issued and sold to the investors two convertible promissory notes, dated January 28, 2022, each in the principal
amount of for an aggregate principal amount of . We received from the Notes after applying the original issue
discount to the Notes. 

The
Purchase Agreements allow for additional notes to be issued to investors up to . On February 4, 2022, we issued and sold to two
accredited investors (the Investors convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of under a Securities
Purchase Agreement of the same date. We received from the Notes after applying the original issue discount to the Notes. 

On
March 3, 2022, we issued and sold to an accredited investor a convertible promissory note the principal amount of under a Securities
Purchase Agreement of the same date. We received from the Note after applying the original issue discount to the Note. 

The
maturity date for repayment of the Notes is nine months from issuance and the Notes bear interest at per annum. 

All
principal and accrued interest on the Notes are convertible into shares of our common stock. The conversion price shall equal a fixed
price of per share or, at the option of the Investor in the event that we fail to complete a Qualified Offering before the five
(5) month anniversary of the issue date, the Registration Conversion Price. gross proceeds are received by the Company. 

In
connection with the investment, we issued Commitment Shares to the Investors in the amount of shares collectively and we also
issued a warrant (the Warrant to the Investors to purchase shares collectively of our common stock at an exercise
price of per share. 

The
Securities Purchase Agreement contain a most favored nation provision that allows the Investor to claim any lower price from any future
securities six months after this closing and a blocker on issuing variable rate investments. 

On
June 27, 2022, we issued and sold to an accredited investor a convertible promissory note the principal amount of under a Securities
Purchase Agreement of the same date. We received from the Note after applying the original issue discount to the Note. 

The
Notes are convertible into shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Company upon the terms and subject to the limitations
and conditions set forth in such Note. On the Closing Date (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price for the Note to be issued and sold
to it at the Closing (as defined below) (the Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company,
in accordance with the Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note in the principal amount equal to the
Purchase Price as is set forth immediately below the Buyer s name on the signature pages hereto, and (ii) the Company shall deliver
such duly executed Note on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price . 

Finally,
on September 8, 2022, we issued and sold a senior secured convertible promissory note to AJB Capital Investments LLC for a principal
amount of ,
together with guaranteed interest of 
per year calendar from the date hereof. All Principal and Interest owing hereunder, along with any and all other amounts, shall be
due and owing on the Maturity Date . 

We
received from the Note after applying the original issue discount to the Note. 

In
connection with the investment, we issued Commitment Shares to the Investors in the amount of shares collectively. A total
of of those shares can be returned to treasury if the Note is paid off within six (6) months. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 accrued interest payable on notes payable were and respectively. 

The
Company accounts for the fair value of the conversion features of its convertible debt in accordance with ASC Topic No. 815-15 Derivatives
and Hedging; Embedded Derivatives Topic No. 815-15 ). Topic No. 815-15 requires the Company to bifurcate and separately
account for the conversion features as an embedded derivative contained in the Company s convertible debt. The Company is required
to carry the embedded derivative on its balance sheet at fair value and account for any unrealized change in fair value as a component
of results of operations. The Company values the embedded derivatives using the Black-Scholes pricing model. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 

Executive
Employment Agreement 

On
October 25, 2019 the Company entered into Employment Agreements with the following persons: (i) Geoffrey Selzer as Chief Executive Officer
(CEO) of the Company with an annual salary of ; (ii) Pamela Kerwin as Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the Company with an annual
salary of ; (iii) David Thielen as Chief Investment Officer (CIO) of the Company with an annual salary of . All are eligible
for salary increases upon milestone achievements and other benefits. 

and will . 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

Due
to the enactment of the Tax Reform Act of 2017, the corporate tax rate for those tax years beginning with 2018 has been reduced to . 

shares of common stock with a par value of . The Company is also authorized
to issue shares of blank check preferred stock with a par value of . 

Preferred
Stock 

The
board of directors of the Company has designated, out of the shares of preferred stock authorized, the following series of
preferred stock: shares of Series A Preferred Stock, shares of Series B Preferred Stock, shares of Series
C Preferred Stock, shares of Series D Preferred Stock and shares of Series E Preferred Stock. 

On
October 25, 2019, outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock was returned to the Company s transfer agent and cancelled. 

On
December 9, 2019, the Company exercised its right to redeem the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock by paying the holders
 or of the amount paid for the shares, as called for under the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

On
May 22, 2020, outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the Company s transfer agent and cancelled, 

There
were shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

There were shares of Series E Preferred Stock
authorized and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. There are no other series of preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Common
Stock 

During
the year ended December 31, 2018, 

the Company s Board
 of Directors approved a one to one thousand , which became effective July 9, 2018. The Company consolidated
 financial statements have been retroactively restated to the reflect the effect of the stock split 

the Company entered into
 a subscription agreement for of the company common shares outstanding for . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of for the conversion
of convertible notes payable. The converted portion of the notes also had associated derivative liabilities with fair values on the date
of conversion of . The conversion of the derivative liabilities has been recorded through additional paid-in capital 

During
the first quarter of 2019 the company issued a total of shares to employees and vendors for compensation and services rendered.
The fair market value of the share issues accounted as expenses as follows: 

Professional Fees 

Payment to obtain loan 

Payment to management staff 

Payment to subcontractor 

Total 

During
the second quarter of 2019 the company issued shares of preferred stock warrants for cash. 

During
the third quarter of 2019 the company issued common stocks in settlement of liabilities. The fair market value of the liabilities
accounted as additional paid in capital of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2019, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with
the purchasers identified therein (collectively, the Purchasers providing for the issuance and sale to the Purchasers
of an aggregate of up to shares of our Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Shares and related warrants
for gross proceeds to the Company of . On December 9, 2019, 

During
the last quarter year end December 31, 2019, the company issued shares of common stocks to acquire Resonate Blends, LLC, and
Entourage LLC, both California limited liability companies. As a result of the transaction, both companies became wholly owned subsidiaries
of the Company. The Company recognized a loss of on the acquisitions. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021 the company issued a total of shares of common stock to management and vendors for compensation
and services rendered. The fair market value of the share issues accounted as expenses as follows: 

Payment to obtain loan 

Payment to management staff 

Total 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the company issued a total shares of common stock to management and vendors for compensation
and services rendered. The fair market value of the share issues accounted as expenses as follows: 

Total 

Cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Loss from operations of discontinued operation 

Gain on disposal of discontinued operations 
 
 - 
 
 Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 

F- 18 

Item
9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

On
November 11, 2022, Boyle CPA, LLC resigned as our independent registered public accounting firm and we engaged 
as our independent registered public accounting firm. The engagement of the Victor Mokuolu was approved by our Board of Directors. 

The
information required by Item 304(b) of Regulation S-K concerning the above change in accounting firm is set forth in the Current Report
on Form 8-K we filed on November 14, 2022 with the SEC. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, being December 31, 2022. This evaluation was carried
out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based
upon that evaluation, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer, we have concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financing Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting, which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective
risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements
and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines. 

26 

We
plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered by this
annual report on Form 10-K, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses,
we hope to implement the following changes during our fiscal year ending December 31, 2023: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel
to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures
for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out in (i) and (ii) are largely dependent upon our securing additional
financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts
may be adversely affected in a material manner. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption
for non-accelerated filers set forth in Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that was enacted in 2010. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following table sets forth the name and positions of our executive officer and director as of the date hereof. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Geoffrey Selzer 
 
 66 
 
 Chairman and CEO 
 
 Pamela Kerwin 
 
 74 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 David Thielen 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Investment Officer and Director 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officer and director: 

Geoffrey
Selzer Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Mr.
Selzer has built his career through over two decades of hands-on corporate finance, management, creative and production experience. Former
roles include CEO of Emergent Game Technologies, a video game software company, and the Creative Head of Disney Interactive s edutainment
studio. Geoffrey is the founder of Resonate Blends and has a passion for building organizations and delivering results. 

Mr.
Selzer does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered
pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Pamela
Kerwin Chief Operating Officer 

Ms.
Kerwin has extensive senior management experience with both start-up and Fortune 500 companies. As the Vice President and General Manager
of Pixar Animation Studios, Pamela played a critical role in the company s successful IPO and transition from a tech company to
a blockbuster studio. Pam is a company builder who specializes in identifying competitive advantages and executing successful marketing
strategies. 

27 

Ms.
Kerwin does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered
pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

David
Thielen Chief Investment Officer and Board Member 

Mr.
Thielen s career includes roles in Management, Sales, Business Development, Start-ups and Strategy Management as Vice President,
COO and CEO. Prior to joining Textmunication Holdings, Inc. in 2017 as COO, he served as Area Vice President of DeRoyal, a global healthcare
manufacture. In 2014, he founded Aspire Consulting Group based in Washington, D.C., an IT Services
government system integrator that continues to operate as Veteran Owned company. 

Mr.
Thielen does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered
pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Term
of Office 

Our
directors are elected to hold office until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and until their respective successors have been
elected and qualified. Our executive officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by our board of directors
or until their successors are appointed. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between or among the directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors
or executive officers. 

Significant
Employees 

We
have no significant employees. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During
the past 10 years, none of our current directors, nominees for directors or current executive officers has been involved in any legal
proceeding identified in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K, including: 

1.
Any petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner
at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive
officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

2.
Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being named a subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
minor offenses); 

3.
Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining him or her from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

i.
Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing,
or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment
company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection
with such activity; 

28 

ii.
Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

iii.
Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of
Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

4.
Being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring,
suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any type of business regulated by the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission, securities, investment, insurance or banking activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any
such activity; 

5.
Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any Federal or State securities law,
and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

6.
Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any
Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated; 

7.
Being subject to, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i.
Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

ii.
Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or
prohibition order; or 

iii.
Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

8.
Being subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
(as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of
the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Audit
Committee 

We
do not have a separately designated standing audit committee. The entire board of directors performs the functions of an audit committee,
but no written charter governs the actions of the board of directors when performing the functions of that would generally be performed
by an audit committee. The board of directors approves the selection of our independent accountants and meets and interacts with the
independent accountants to discuss issues related to financial reporting. In addition, the board of directors reviews the scope and results
of the audit with the independent accountants, reviews with management and the independent accountants our annual operating results,
considers the adequacy of our internal accounting procedures and considers other auditing and accounting matters including fees to be
paid to the independent auditor and the performance of the independent auditor. 

We
do not have an audit committee financial expert because of the size of our company and our board of directors at this time. We believe
that we do not require an audit committee financial expert at this time because we retain outside consultants who possess these attributes
as needed. 

29 

For
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, the board of directors: 

1. 
 Reviewed and discussed
 the audited financial statements with management, and 

2. 
 Reviewed and discussed
 the written disclosures and the letter from our independent auditors on the matters relating to the auditor s independence. 

Based
upon the board of directors review and discussion of the matters above, the board of directors authorized inclusion of the audited
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 to be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered
class of the Company s equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
of common stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial shareholders
are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To the best of our knowledge based solely
on a review of Forms 3, 4, and 5 (and any amendments thereof) received by us, no persons have failed to file, on a timely basis, the
identified reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Code
of Ethics 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had not adopted a Code of Ethics. We feel that the small size of our board and management did not warrant the
adoption of a Code of Ethics. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our former or current executive officers for the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Summary Compensation Table 
 
 Name and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) (1)(2) 
 Total ) 

Geoffrey Selzer 
 2021 
 180,000 

180,000 
 
 CEO and Director 
 2022 
 180,000 

180,000 

David Thielen 
 2021 
 120,000 

120,000 
 
 CIO and Director 
 2022 
 120,000 

120,000 

Pam Kerwin 
 2021 
 120,000 

120,000 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 2022 
 120,000 

120,000 

Narrative
to Summary Compensation Table 

On
March 1, 2017, we appointed David Thielen as of Chief Operating Officer. We did not have an employment agreement with Mr. Thielen at
the time. He was CEO of Aspire in which we used to own a 49 equity interest. We paid Mr. Thielen an annual salary of 60,000 until October
25, 2019, when Mr. Thielen resigned as COO and accepted a new role as Chief Investment Officer (CIO) and Director. Mr. Thielen now has
an employment agreement and is paid 120,000 annually. He can also receive equity shares through assigned revenue and company milestones
set by the Board of Directors. His initial term of employment is for two years. He may request to terminate his employment contract and
forfeit all benefits and equity grants, if provided, with a 30-day notice. Should he terminate his employment before two years, he will
forfeit the right to earn any future milestone achievement benefits entirely regardless of how close the company may be to achieving
them. However, should a change of control occur resulting in the sale of the business anytime within 9 months of termination, all milestone
achievements shall be deemed accomplished and all rights to the shares shall immediately vest prior to the close of such Change of Control
event. 

30 

With
the merger of Resonate Blends LLC and Entourage Labs LLC on October 25, 2019, Mr. Selzer was announced as Chief Executive Officer of
the holding company. His annual salary is 180,000 and his team has 10 non-dilutive stock, with Mr. Selzer controlling 51 of this amount.
Mr. Selzer also has equity milestones in place for meeting preassigned revenue and market valuation goals. 

Mr.
Selzer s term of employment is for two years. He may request to terminate his employment contract and forfeit all benefits and
equity grants, if provided, with a 30-day notice. Should he terminate his employment before two years, he will forfeit the right to earn
any future milestone achievement benefits entirely regardless of how close the company may be to achieving them. However, should a change
of control occur resulting in the sale of the business anytime within 9 months of termination, all milestone achievements shall be deemed
accomplished and all rights to the shares shall immediately vest prior to the close of such Change of Control event. 

At
the end of his employment term, an option to continue employment at an annual contract or at-will employment will be available if agreed
upon by both parties. The Company may not terminate his employment without Cause. 

Ms.
Pamela Kerwin was announced as our Chief Operating Officer on October 25, 2019. Ms. Kerwin s salary is 120,000 annually and she
also participates in the 10 of non-dilutive stock of the holding company. 

Her
term of employment is for two years. She may request to terminate her employment contract and forfeit all benefits and equity grants,
if provided, with a 30-day notice. Should she terminate her employment before two years, she will forfeit the right to earn any future
milestone achievement benefits entirely regardless of how close the company may be to achieving them. However, should a change of control
occur resulting in the sale of the business anytime within 9 months of termination, all milestone achievements shall be deemed accomplished
and all rights to the shares shall immediately vest prior to the close of such Change of Control event. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
table below summarizes all unexercised options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each named executive
officers as of December 31, 2022. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 
 
 OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 
 David Thielen 

Pam Kerwin 

Geoffrey Selzer 

31 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT AND CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 31, 2023, certain information as to shares of our common stock owned by (i) each person known
by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each of our directors, and (iii) all of our executive officers
and directors as a group. Unless otherwise stated, the address for each beneficial owner is at 26565 Agoura Road, Suite 200 Calabasas,
CA 91302. 

Common Stock 
 Series C Preferred Stock 

Number of Shares Owned 
 Percent of Class(1)(2) 
 Number of Shares Owned 
 Percent of Class(1)(2) 
 
 Geoffrey Selzer 
 1,406,112 
 1.9 
 2,000,000 
 100 
 
 David Thielen 
 1,765,667 
 2.3 
 - 
 - 
 
 Pam Kerwin 
 880,895 
 1.2 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (3 persons) 
 4,052,674 
 5.4 
 2,000,000 
 100 
 
 5 Holders 

Richard Hoge 
 5,198,640 
 6.9 

(1) 
 Pursuant to Rules 13d-3
 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which a shareholder has sole or shared voting power
 or investment power, and also any shares which the shareholder has the right to acquire within 60 days, including upon exercise of
 common shares purchase options or warrants. 

(2) 
 The percent of class is
 based on 75,437,604 shares of common stock outstanding and 2,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding as of March 31,
 2023. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Other
than described below or the transactions described under the heading Executive Compensation (or with respect to which such
information is omitted in accordance with SEC regulations), there have not been, and there is not currently proposed, any transaction
or series of similar transactions to which we were or will be a participant in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed the
lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which
any director, executive officer, holder of 5 or more of any class of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any
of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

On
May 22, 2020, the Company entered into a Separation and Release Agreement (the Separation Agreement with Wais Asefi. Pursuant
to the Separation Agreement, Mr. Asefi agreed to separate from all officer positions and as a director of the Company and to further
accept the payment of 200,000 from the Company s future fundraising as consideration of all debts outstanding under Mr. Asefi s
employment agreement with the Company. Mr. Asefi further agreed to cancel his 4,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and to transfer
his 2,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock to Geoffrey Selzer, the Company s current CEO and Director. Mr. Asefi further
released the Company of all claims. 

32 

On
May 22, 2020, the 4,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the Company s transfer agent and cancelled and
on May 22, 2020 the 2,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock were transferred to Mr. Selzer. The parties to the Separation Agreement
agreed to a payment schedule of 200,000 based on future monies raised by the Company - and not on a specific date as follows: 

12,500 when the initial
 250,000 is raised by the Company; 

12,500 when a total of
 500,000 is raised by the Company; 

10,000 when a total of
 750,000 is raised by the Company; 

35,000 when a total of
 1,750,000 is raised by the Company; 

35,000 when a total of
 2,750,000 is raised by the Company; 

35,000 when a total of
 3,750,000 is raised by the Company; 

35,000 when a total of
 4,750,000 is raised by the Company; and 

25,000 when a total of
 5,750,000 is raised by the Company. 

On
May 13, 2021, we amended the Separation Agreement to state the parties desire to reduce the total amount payable to Wais Asefi from 200,000
USD to 142,500 USD. In addition to the earlier payments made to Mr. Asefi, a payment of 40,000 was made on May 14, 2021 and another
payment on June 27, 2021 for 40,000. The final payment was made on August 11, 2021 for 25,000. The final payment on August 11, 2021
settled this agreement in full. Further under the amendment, Mr. Asefi nominated Textmunication, Inc., our prior subsidiary, as the recipient
of the funds due under the Separation Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company made all of its required payments to Mr. Asefi. 

The
outstanding balances as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are 38,500 and 45,000 respectively. The remaining balance as of December 31, 2022 is due to Mr. Selzer, CEO of Resonate, as he has provided several loans
to the Company. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Below
are tables of Audit Fees (amounts in US billed by our auditors in connection with the audit of the Company s annual financial
statements and review of the quarterly financial statements for the years ended: 

Victor
Mokuolu, CPA PLLC 

Financial Statements for the Year Ended December 31 
 Audit Services 
 Audit Related Fees 
 Tax Fees 
 Other Fees 
 
 2022 
 21,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Boyle
CPA, LLC 

Financial Statements for the Year Ended December 31 
 Audit Services 
 Audit Related Fees 
 Tax Fees 
 Other Fees 
 
 2021 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 

33 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 

(a) 
 Financial Statements and Schedules 

The
following financial statements and schedules listed below are included in this Form 10-K. 

Financial
Statements (See Item 8) 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement (1) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (2) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (2) 
 
 2.4 
 
 Agreement of Conveyance (2) 
 
 2.5 
 
 Letter of Intent (11) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (3) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Change (3) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment (4) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation for Series C Preferred Stock (5) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series E Preferred Stock (7) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment (8) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Bylaws, as amended (3) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Secured Convertible Promissory Note (6) 
 
 4.2 
 
 8 Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note (10) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant (10) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant (10) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note (12) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note (12) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (12) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (12) 
 
 4.9 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note (13) 
 
 4.10 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note (13) 
 
 4.11 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (13) 
 
 4.12 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (13) 
 
 4.13 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note (14) 
 
 4.14 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (14) 
 
 4.15 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note (15) 
 
 4.16 
 
 Promissory Note (16) 
 
 4.17 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (16) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Separation Agreement and Release (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Voting Agreement (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement (2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement (2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement (6) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Addendum to Securities Purchase Agreement (9) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement (12) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement (12) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement (16) 

34 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

1 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2020. 

2 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2019. 

3 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement
 on Form S-1 filed on June 6, 2014. 

4 
 Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q filed on November 23, 2020. 

5 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on May 21, 2019. 

6 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on July 23, 2020. 

7 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2020. 

8 
 Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2020. 

9 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2020. 

10 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2021. 

11 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2021. 

12 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2022. 

13 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2022. 

14 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2022. 

15 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2022. 

16 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2022. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

35 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Resonate Blends, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Geoffrey Selzer 

Geoffrey
 Selzer 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting
 Officer and Director 

April 17, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 /s/
 Geoffrey Selzer 

Geoffrey Selzer 

President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive
 Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Director 

April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 David Thielen 

David Thielen 

Chief Investment Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting
Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Director 

April 17, 2023 

36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Geoffrey Selzer, certify that; 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual
 report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Resonate Blends, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date:
April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Geoffrey Selzer 

By: 
 Geoffrey Selzer 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
David Thielen, certify that; 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual
 report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Resonate Blends, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date:
April 17, 2023 

/s/
 David Thielen 

By: 
 David Thielen 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 

 CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual Report of Resonate Blends, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Geoffrey Selzer, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented
 and the consolidated result of operations of the Company for the periods presented. 

By: 
 /s/
 Geoffrey Selzer 

Name: 
 Geoffrey Selzer 

Title: 
 Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer
 and Director 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 

This
certification has been furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 koan-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 koan-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 koan-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 koan-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

