<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1174891_0001493152-23-012482.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6506807</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>144263</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1018979</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2250320</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1416995</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1534268</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012482.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417134521
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012482
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CalEthos, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001174891
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50331
		FILM NUMBER:		23823496

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THREE SUGAR CREEK CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SUGAR LAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77478
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-929-3863

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THREE SUGAR CREEK CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SUGAR LAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77478

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RealSource Residential, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UPSTREAM BIOSCIENCES INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090422

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FORCE ENERGY CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090415

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012482.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

None 
 
 N/A 
 
 Title
 of each class 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, 0.001 par value 

 (Title of class) 

Indicate
by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by checkmark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant has (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by checkmark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the
registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was ,
computed by reference to the closing sales price for the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on The OTC Pink
Market. 

As
of April 13, 2023 there were 
outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

CalEthos,
Inc. 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K 

 For
the Fiscal-Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Cautionary
 Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 ii 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors. 
 4 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 4 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 4 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 
 4 
 
 Item
4. 
 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 4 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information. 
 5 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data. 
 5 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations. 
 5 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 9 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 9 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 In and Disagreements with Accountants On Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 10 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 
 10 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information. 
 11 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons; Compliance With Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act. 
 12 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 15 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 20 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 
 21 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 21 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits 
 22 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The
statements contained in this report with respect to our financial condition, results of operations and business that are not historical
facts are forward-looking statements . Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology,
such as anticipate , believe , expect , plan , intend , seek ,
 estimate , project , could , may or the negative thereof or other variations thereon,
or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. Management wishes to caution the reader of the forward-looking statements
that any such statements that are contained in this report reflect our current beliefs with respect to future events and involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including, but not limited to, economic, competitive, regulatory, technological,
key employees, and general business factors affecting our operations, markets, growth, services, products and other factors, some of
which are described in this report and some of which are discussed in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
These forward-looking statements are only estimates or predictions. No assurances can be given regarding the achievement of future results,
as actual results may differ materially as a result of risks facing our company, and actual events may differ from the assumptions underlying
the statements that have been made regarding anticipated events. 

Important
factors to consider in evaluating any forward-looking statements include: 

our
 ability to finance and complete the design and construction of our proposed data center operation; 

our
 ability to implement our business plan; 

our
 ability to attract key personnel; 

our
 ability to operate profitably; 

our
 ability to efficiently and effectively finance our operations; 

inability
 to achieve future sales levels or other operating results; 

inability
 to raise additional financing for working capital; 

inability
 to efficiently manage our operations; 

the
 inability of management to effectively implement our strategies and business plans; 

the
 unavailability of funds for capital expenditures and/or general working capital; 

the
 fact that our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we report our financial
 condition and results of operations, and they may require management to make estimates about
 matters that are inherently uncertain; 

deterioration
 in general or regional economic conditions; 

changes
 in U.S. GAAP or in the legal, regulatory and legislative environments in the markets in which
 we operate; 

adverse
 state or federal legislation or regulation that increases the costs of compliance, or adverse
 findings by a regulator with respect to existing operations; 

These
risk factors should be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting
on our behalf may issue. All written and oral forward looking statements made in connection with this report that are attributable to
our company or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Given these uncertainties,
we caution investors not to unduly rely on our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to review or confirm analysts 
expectations or estimates or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by applicable law or regulation. 

Notwithstanding
the above, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), expressly state that the safe harbor for forward-looking statements
does not apply to companies that issue penny stock. If, as now, we are considered to be an issuer of penny stock, the safe harbor for
forward-looking statements may not apply to us at certain times. 

Throughout
this report, unless otherwise designated, the terms we, us, our, the Company 
and our company refer to CalEthos, Inc., a Nevada corporation. All amounts are in U.S. Dollars, unless otherwise indicated. 

ii 

Item
1. Business. 

Corporate
History and Recent Developments 

We
were incorporated pursuant to the laws of the State of Nevada on March 20, 2002 under the name Integrated Brand Solutions Inc., and on
February 6, 2006, we changed our name to Upstream Biosciences Inc. From 2006 to December 2009, our company operated as a biotechnology
company, and from 2010 until May 2013, our company had no operating business. 

On
May 24, 2013, our then majority stockholders sold their interests in our company to RealSource Acquisition Group, LLC, a Utah limited
liability company, and Chesterfield Faring Ltd., a New York corporation, and on July 11, 2013, we changed our corporate name to RealSource
Residential, Inc. Our initial business strategy in 2013 was to engage in various real estate related businesses. However, in 2016 we
disposed of all of our real estate and other assets and continued operations as a public shell company. 

On
September 12, 2018, M1 Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company controlled by Michael Campbell, our current Chief Executive
Officer and a director of our company M1 Advisors ), acquired a controlling interest in our company, and on December 20,
2018, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to (i)
change our corporate name from RealSource Residential, Inc. to CalEthos, Inc. and (ii) to increased our authorized
shares of common stock from 4,000,000 shares to 100,000,000 shares. This amendment became effective immediately upon filing on December
20, 2018. 

Our
intention in acquiring the public company was to use it as a financing and acquisition vehicle for building a chain of large-format cannabis
retail superstores to serve the needs of the rapidly-growing Southern California market. Over the subsequent two-year period, management
assembled a number of acquisitions for retail licenses, store leases and display agreements with numerous cannabis brands as part of
executing its business plan. However, once the COVID 19 pandemic lockdowns hit in early 2020 and Federal legalization of cannabis did
not materialize after the 2020 elections, funding for cannabis-related businesses became less available and by the end of 2020, we concluded
it would be better to pursue other business opportunities for our public company. After months of research, we determined there was a
sizable opportunity to develop and manufacture high-performance computer systems for the cryptocurrency mining industry. In March 2021,
we created a new business plan to develop a five nanometer ASIC chip and bitcoin mining computer system in South Korea utilizing Samsung
technology and foundry capacity. 

In
August 2021, we hired an experienced chief technology officer from the chip industry to lead our product development and in September
2021, we closed a convertible debt financing of 3.5 million to fund the initial phase of product development. In connection with such
capital raise, our board of directors determined that we are no longer a shell company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

On
November 5, 2021, we incorporated AIQ System Inc. AIQ ), as a wholly-owned subsidiary in Seoul, Republic of Korea to
support our product development efforts and to manage all of our computer chip and system development teams and activities. During
the subsequent eight months ended June 30, 2022, the bitcoin market went into decline, and we decided to abandon our chip and system
development efforts and to discontinue the operations of AIQ as of July 1, 2022. 

During
the development of our computer chip and system in Korea, we had also developed a plan to build a large-scale, clean-energy powered,
containerized, immersion-cooled data center operation in Southern California to support the use of the systems we were developing for
our company and for others. After the bitcoin market bottomed out in June 2022, we determined that we could develop a profitable business
by offering data center colocation services to a larger customer base of enterprise companies. 

As of July 1, 2022, we commenced
our current operating plan to focus solely on the development and construction of clean-energy powered data centers that will utilize
immersion and liquid-cooled and conventional energy efficient systems and will provide clean-energy-powered colocation services to
large enterprise information technology (IT) customers. 

To this end and to implement our
going-forward plan, on March 28, 2023 we hired Joel Stone. a senior data center executive with 24 years of data center experience, as our
President and Chief Operating Officer, and on March 30, 2023, we completed negotiations and signed an option agreement to acquire 80 acres
of commercially-zoned land in Imperial County, California that is surrounded by nearby geothermal power plants and solar farms. We are
currently in the process of negotiating with various power producers in the area to provide us with clean energy and with communication
companies for access to their close-by long-haul and dark fiber networks. 

With
an experienced data center executive on board and the property under contract, we intend to complete a land use plan that will be submitted
for approval to local authorities and to apply for permits to start construction. We expect, based on all related factors, that a submittable
plan, which will include data center and infrastructure design, will take between four to six months to complete. Once submitted for
approvals and permits, it is expected that it could take another three to six months or more before we receive the required permits for
construction, and that the construction could take another six to eight months or more to complete depending on supply chain issues at
the time for data center, electrical and communication connectivity components of the data center build. The foregoing time estimates
are preliminary and are subject to change. In addition, there can be no assurance that our use plan will receive all required regulatory
approvals or that we will be issued the required approvals or permits necessary to complete construction of the data center we intend
to build. 

As
we move through the development process to build a clean-energy powered data center for enterprise IT customers, we will continue to
refine and finalize the courses of action needed to implement our business plan and operations. As a result, management has not fully
determined our actual short-term or long-term capital requirements, which management expects to be substantial. 

1 

Plan
of Operations 

As
of the filing of this Report, we have hired Joel Stone as our President and Chief Operating Officer and signed an option agreement to
acquire land for our planned large-scale, 100 geothermal/solar-powered, clean energy, data center operation. 

To
complete the initial phase of our planned data center, we are now negotiating agreements for clean energy and fiber connectivity.
Over the next couple of months, we plan to finish negotiations with the local geothermal and solar power producers to deliver the
clean energy we require to power our data center and to complete agreements with multiple communication providers for access to
their close-by long-haul and dark fiber communication networks for data center connectivity. 

We
believe that the significant experience of our new President and Chief Operating Officer in both building and operating data centers
and his industry relationships will be instrumental in helping us acquire the required third-party resources and assets and the management
team and staff necessary to execute our business plan. In addition to acquiring the principal components (experienced personnel, land,
clean energy, and fiber connectivity) for our data center plan, we are also in the process of developing partnerships with leading-edge
containerized and modular designed immersion and liquid cooled data center system providers, whose systems we will offer for rent to
our customers. We believe that, when construction of our data center is complete, the principal differentiators
of our data center operation in the marketplace are expected to be we are powered by 100 certified clean energy, and we provide
leading-edge immersion and liquid cooled data center systems that will support the ever-increasing power and cooling needs of high-performance
enterprise IT computer systems. 

In
the colocation segment of the data center industry, the customer typically leases the building/shell or data hall/suite level
rather than the smaller scale of retail colocation (racks/cages/cabinets). Projects generally involve heavily-customized builds, although
many operators in this segment are moving toward a mix of build-to-suit and turnkey offerings. Customers of colocation are
typically hyperscale content and media/entertainment providers, scale-oriented cloud service providers, hosting and IT managed services
providers, and telecommunications companies. 

Currently,
due to the ever-growing amounts of digital data being created on social media, and from internet streaming, gaming and overall
internet use, and the need for digital data to be readily available for consumption on the internet, and because of the migration of
software and computer applications to the cloud and their use, we believe there is a severe shortage of data center space in the
global market. In some of the principal U.S. markets, there are wait times of up to a five-years for additional capacity. The need
for new data center space is expected to continue growing at a high rate for the foreseeable future based on following recent
industry reports: 

Data
Center Market - The market size is estimated to grow by 615.96 billion from 2021 to 2026, growing at a compound
annual growth rate (CAGR) of 21.98 according to Technavio s February 2022 market report. 

Green
Data Centers - The U.S. Green Data Center Market Size was valued at 13.79 billion in 2022 and is expected to reach 24.20 billion by
2028, growing at a CAGR of 9.82 during 2022 to 2028 according to Arizton s March 2023 industry report. 

Data
Center as a Services (DCaaS) - The global data center as a service market size was valued at 52.7 billion in 2021 and is expected to
expand at a CAGR of 26.2 from 2022 to 2030 according to Grand View Research s January 2022 - Data Center As A Service Market Size
 Growth Report. 

We
believe the Imperial County, California site we have optioned is a unique location in that it will provide us with a rare opportunity
to acquire commercially-zoned land on which we can combine nearby direct clean geothermal/solar energy with a 24/7 data center operation. 

We
also believe 100 clean-energy-powered data centers are an important element in the ability of the U.S. to meet its carbon neutral climate
goals and for enterprise IT companies to meet their shareholder and customer commitments to have an ESG-compliant, clean digital footprint
before 2030. 

We
are developing our business model to compete in the colocation segment of the data center services industry, which is focused on
providing the processing, networking, and storage of data. With the move to treat data as an asset, the data services market is
expected to experience significant growth over the next decade. Industry automation and digital businesses are expanding, and these
businesses are expected to require huge amounts of data for their businesses. North America is the most advanced region globally and
data center services are in high demand. 

2 

Competition 

The
competition in the data center industry is primarily driven by the increasing presence of small and large-scale service
providers globally. The key participants in the data center colocation market are Digital Realty Trust, Equinix, CenturyLink,
CyrusOne and China Telecom Corporation Limited, among many others. Business ventures throughout the world are progressively
competing for market share by providing services to arrange information, store data, and benefit from cloud services. This move,
together with the increasing demand of businesses to store increasing amounts of media and other information, represents gigantic
development in the market for cloud services. 

The
data center services market is segmented by service (infrastructure, cloud and hosting, networks, consulting, and virtualization), data-center
(Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3, and Tier 4), end-user industry (BFSI, Healthcare, Retail, Manufacturing, and IT and Telecom), deployment mode
(On-premise and Cloud), and geography. 

As
a new entrant into the data center marketplace, we will compete against larger, more established and better capitalized companies
that today control the majority of market share. We believe our principal advantages will be our location, which provides us with
access to an abundance of reasonably-priced local geothermal and solar energy to power a 24/7 data center operation, the various
immersion and liquid cooled data center racking systems we will offer as a colocation service and our proximity to the Southern
California market and the multitudes of companies utilizing high- performance computing that want close-by data center space. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
intellectual property will consist of data center designs and systems for supporting containerized, immersion and liquid cooled data
center systems that we will deploy for colocation services to enterprise IT customers. We intend to rely on a combination
of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as contractual
protections, to protect our proprietary service offerings and data center management systems. However, as of the date of this
Report, we do not have any patents or registered trademarks. 

We
cannot provide any assurance that our proprietary rights with respect to our data center designs, systems or services will be viable
or have value in the future since the validity, enforceability and type of protection of proprietary rights in these industries are uncertain
and continuingly evolving. 

Despite
our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our design, systems and services or
to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our designs and services is difficult, and
while we are unable to determine the extent to which piracy of our designs, systems and services will exist, intellectual piracy can
be expected to be a persistent problem. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great
an extent as do the laws of the United States, and effective copyright, trademark, trade secret and patent protection may not be available
in those jurisdictions. Our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate to protect us from the infringement or misappropriation
of such rights by others. 

Further,
in recent years, there has been significant litigation in the United States involving patents and other intellectual property rights
in the data center design, systems and service offerings and Internet-related data management industries. We can become subject to intellectual
property infringement claims as the number of our competitors grows and our services overlap with competitive offerings. These claims,
even if not meritorious, could be expensive to defend and could divert management s attention from operating our business. If we
become liable to third parties for infringing their intellectual property rights, we could be required to pay a substantial award of
damages and to develop non-infringing design, systems and service offerings, obtain a license or cease providing the services that contain
the infringing intellectual property. We may be unable to develop non-infringing data center design, systems and service offerings or
obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

Employees 

We currently have one employee, Joel Stone
our President and Chief Operating Officer and our other officers and directors are serving our company as consultants and independent
contractors. 

3 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
item. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

We
do not own any real property. Our executive office is located at 11753 Willard Avenue, Tustin, California 92782, in the office of Michael
Campbell, our Chief Executive Officer. We are not charged rent for the use of this space. We believe our existing facilities are sufficient
for our current operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

We
know of no material active or pending legal proceeding against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding
or pending litigation. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
Applicable. 

4 

PART
II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
Of Equity Securities. 

Our
common stock is listed for quotation on the OTC Pink Market under the trading symbol BUUZ. . Trading in our common stock
in the over-the-counter market has been limited and the quotations set forth below are not necessarily indicative of actual market values.
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing prices for each quarter within the last two fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 as reported by the quotation service operated by the OTC Markets Group. All quotations for the OTC Pink
Market reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Quarter
 Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 December
 31, 2022 
 2.46 
 1.06 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 2.50 
 1.80 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 2.80 
 1.70 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 2.95 
 1.96 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 4.25 
 1.97 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 2.70 
 1.92 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 3.30 
 0.40 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 1.00 
 0.03 

On
April 13, 2023, the closing price for our common stock on the OTC Pink Market as reported by the quotation service operated by the OTC
Markets Group was 0.74. 

Transfer
Agent 

Nevada
Agency and Transfer Company is the registrar and transfer agent for our common shares. Their address is 50 West Liberty, Suite 880 Reno,
Nevada, 89501 Telephone: 775-322-0626, Facsimile: 775-322-5623. 

Holders
of Our Common Stock 

As of April 13, 2023, there were
56 registered holders of record of our common stock. As of such date, 14,495,621 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding. The
number of our shareholders of record excludes any estimate by us of the number of beneficial owners of shares held in street name, the
accuracy of which cannot be guaranteed. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends since inception. Although there are no restrictions that limit our ability to pay dividends
on our common shares, we do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Regulation S-K and as such, are not required to provide the information contained
in this item pursuant to Regulation S-K. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere
in this Annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our
actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute
to such differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Our
audited financial statements are stated in United States dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles. 

5 

Plan
of Operations 

It is the intention of our
board of directors for our company to pursue the development of the 80 acres of land in Imperial County, California that we recently
put under an exclusive option agreement and develop it for a large-scale, 100 geothermal/solar-powered, certifiable clean energy,
data center operation that will utilize immersion and liquid cooled and conventional energy efficient data center systems and provide colocation services to enterprise IT customers. 

To implement our plan, we have
optioned the land and hired an experienced data center builder and operator and we are now in the process of acquiring the other principal
ingredients needed for our data center operation clean energy and fiber connectivity. To this end, over the next couple of months,
we plan to finish negotiations with local geothermal and solar power producers to deliver clean energy for our operation, and to complete
agreements with multiple communication providers for access to their close-by long-haul and dark fiber communication networks for connectivity. 

We are also in the process of
developing partnerships with leading-edge containerized and modular immersion and liquid cooled data center system providers whose systems
we will offer for rent to our customers. We believe that, when construction of our data center is complete, the principal differentiators
of our data center operations in the marketplace are expected to be that we are powered by 100 certified clean energy and that we provide
leading-edge immersion and liquid cooled energy-efficient data center systems that will support the ever-increasing power and cooling
needs of high-performance enterprise IT computer systems. 

It is anticipated that we will
incur expenses in the implementation of the business plan described herein, and such expenses will require substantial financing to complete
the development of the property for a data center operation and to achieve our goals. The failure to obtain this necessary capital when
needed on acceptable terms, or at all, could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our development plans, any commercialization
efforts or other operations. We may not be able to secure financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs. In
addition, even if we are able to obtain sufficient funding to commence our business operations, we may need to pursue additional financing
in the future to make expenditures and/or investments to support the growth of our business and may require additional capital to pursue
our business objectives and respond to new competitive pressures, pay extraordinary expenses or fund our growth, including through acquisitions.
Additional funds, however, may not be available when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If we are unable to obtain
adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to commence our proposed business operations,
to continue to grow and support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. 

We
currently have only limited capital with which to pay these anticipated expenses. To fund our business plan going forward, we intend
to raise funds from investors by issuing common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities. 

Results
of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following summary should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating Expenses 

Professional fees 
 667,000 
 1,033,000 
 
 Restricted stock grants 
 (4,791,000 
 5,062,000 
 
 Impairment loss 
 154,000 
 - 
 
 General and administrative 
 52,000 
 57,000 
 
 Total operating (income) expenses 
 (3,918,000 
 6,152,000 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 3,918,000 
 (6,152,000 
 
 Financing costs 
 (1,744,000 
 (597,000 
 
 Interest income 
 7,000 
 - 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (2,181,000 
 (6,749,000 

6 

Revenue 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no revenues. 

Operating
Expenses 

Professional
fees 

Our
professional fees decreased from 1,033,000 in the year ended December 31, 2021 to 667,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022, which
represented a decrease of approximately 366,000. The decrease was attributable to a reduction in the use of outside professional services. 

Restricted
stock grant expense (gain 

Our restricted stock grant expense
(gain) decreased from an expense of 5,062,000 in the year ended December 31, 2021 to a gain of (4,791,000) in the year ended December
31, 2022, which represented a decrease of 9,853,000 brought about by the cancellation of the stock grants made in 2021. 

Impairment
loss 

Our
impairment loss increased from nil in the year ended December 31, 2021 to 154,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022, which represented
an increase of approximately 154,000 due to the impairment of intangibles and other assets as a result of the suspension of our South Korean subsidiary s
operations. 

General
and administrative expenses 

Our
general and administrative expenses decreased from 57,000 in the year ended December 31, 2021 to 51,000 in the year ended December 31,
2022, which represented a decrease of approximately 6,000. 

Financing
Costs 

Our
financing cost increased from 597,000 in the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1,744,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022, which represented
an increase of 1,147,000. Financing costs increased due to the amortization of debt issuance costs. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
financial position as of December 31 in each of the years indicated was as follows: 

Working
Capital 

As
 of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Current
 assets 
 2,071,000 
 3,054,000 
 
 Current
 liabilities 
 (5,214,000 
 (3,632,000 
 
 Working
 deficit 
 (3,143,000 
 (578,000 

Our
working capital decreased from a 578,000 deficit as of December 31, 2021 to a deficit of 3,143,000 as of December 31, 2022 for a
total change of 2,565,000. The decline in our working capital was due to (i) an increase in a book basis of our convertible
promissory notes book basis increasing due to the amortization of debt issuance discounts and (ii) the decrease in our cash and cash
equivalents. 

Cash
Flows 

For
 the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 (820,000 
 (565,000 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 (105,000 
 (38,000 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 (50,000 
 3,652,000 
 
 Effect
 of exchange rate changes 
 (5,000 
 (2,000 
 
 Change
 in cash during the period 
 (980,000 
 3,047,000 
 
 Cash, beginning of
 period 
 3,047,000 
 - 
 
 Cash, end of period 
 2,067,000 
 3,047,000 

7 

Cash
flows from operations 

Cash used in operating activities
decreased to approximately 255,000 in 2022 from approximately 382,000 in 2021, which was predominantly related to the reduction in our
expenditures for filing fees, legal fees, transfer agent fees and consulting fees paid during the year. 

Cash
flow from investing 

We made payments of 105,000 in
2022 and 38,000 in 2021 to an engineering and design firm for the design and development work for our planned ASIC chip development. 

Cash
flows from financing 

We made payments of 50,000 to reduce notes payable in 2022 and 2021. Additionally,
in 2021, we received 3,592,000 and 150,000 in proceeds from the issuance of convertible debentures and notes payable, respectively. 

Going
Concern 

The
audited financial statements included in this Report have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies that our company will
continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. We are presently in the
development stage and, apart from our cash balances, have only limited assets. Our company has not generated revenues in the last two
fiscal years, has never paid any dividends and is unlikely to pay dividends or generate earnings in the immediate or foreseeable future.
The continuation of our company as a going concern is dependent upon: (i) continued financial support from our shareholders; (ii) the
ability of our company to continue raising necessary debt or equity financing to achieve its operating objectives; and (iii) our ability
to acquire assets and establish a business or merge or otherwise acquire business opportunities. 

Our
independent auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their report on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022
regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, our financial statements contain further note disclosures
in this regard. The implementation of our business plan is dependent upon our ability to continue raising sufficient new capital from
equity or debt markets in order to fund our on-going operating losses and real estate acquisition activities. The issuance of additional
equity securities could result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. 

Application
of Critical Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying disclosures of our company.
Although these estimates are based on management s knowledge of current events and actions that our company may undertake in the
future, actual results may differ from such estimates. 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary from the formation date. All material
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

8 

Foreign
Currency Translation 

The
financial statements of our foreign subsidiary, for which the functional currency is the local currency, are translated into U.S.
dollars using the exchange rate at the consolidated balance sheet date for assets and liabilities and a weighted-average exchange
rate during the year for revenue, expenses, gains and losses. Translation adjustments are recorded as other comprehensive income
(loss) within shareholders equity (deficit). Gains or losses from foreign currency transactions are recognized in the
consolidated statements of operations. 

Debt
and Debt Discounts 

In accordance with ASC 470-20,
 Debt with Conversion and Other Options , we first allocate the cash proceeds of the notes between the notes and any warrants on
a relative fair value basis. Proceeds are then allocated to the conversion feature. 

We account for debt discounts originating in connection with conversion
features that remain embedded in the related notes in accordance with ASC 470-20. These costs are classified on the balance sheet as a
direct deduction from the debt liability. We amortize these costs over the term of our debt agreements as financing cost in the consolidated
statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
account for our stock-based compensation under ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation using the fair value
based method. Under this method, compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the value of the award and is recognized over
the service period, which is usually the vesting period. This guidance establishes standards for the accounting for transactions in which
an entity exchanges it equity instruments for goods or services. It also addresses transactions in which an entity incurs liabilities
in exchange for goods or services that are based on the fair value of the entity s equity instruments or that may be settled by
the issuance of those equity instruments. 

We
use the fair value method for equity instruments granted to non-employees and use the BSM model for measuring the fair value of options.
The stock based fair value compensation is determined as of the date of the grant (measurement date) and is recognized over the vesting
periods. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Our management reviewed all recently-issued
accounting standard updates ASU s not yet adopted by our company and does not believe the future adoptions of any
such ASU s may be expected to cause a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial condition or the results of
-our operations. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial position, revenues and expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that are material to stockholders. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide this information. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our
financial statements and notes thereto and the reports of RBSM LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, are set forth
on pages F-1 through F-18 of this Report. 

9 

Item
9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not
Applicable 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

As
required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
evaluated our company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, these officers concluded that as of the
end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, these disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

The
conclusion that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective was due to the presence of material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting as identified below under the heading Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting. Management anticipates that such disclosure controls and procedures will not be effective until the material weaknesses
are remediated. 

Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues,
if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can
be faulty and that breakdown can occur because of simple error or mistake. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) for our company. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance,
not absolute assurance, regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the design and operation
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. This evaluation included review of the documentation
of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion
on this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
as at December 31, 2022 due to the following material weaknesses which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate
segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting
with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines; (iii) inadequate security and restricted access
to computer systems including insufficient disaster recovery plans; and 

 (iv)
no written whistle-blower policy. 

10 

We
plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal controls over financial reporting when our company has sufficient
staff to allocate responsibilities. During the period covered by this Report, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses
identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we plan to implement the following changes once our financial resources will support
the required staffing level: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk
management; (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting and a whistle-blower policy;
and (iii) implement sufficient security and restricted access measures regarding our computer systems and implement a disaster recovery
plan. The remediation efforts set out in (i) and (iii) are largely dependent upon our company securing additional financing to cover
the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely effected
in a material manner. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in
this Report. 

Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues,
if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can
be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. 

Changes
In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

11 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
directors and executive officers, their ages and their positions held with our company are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s)
 Held with the Company 
 
 Michael
 Campbell 
 
 67 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Joel D, Stone 
 
 53 
 
 President and Chief Operations Officer 
 
 Dean
 S. Skupen 
 
 62 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Steven
 Shum 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Sean
 Fontenot 
 
 40 
 
 Director 

There
are no arrangements between our directors and any other person pursuant to which our directors were nominated or elected for their positions.
There are no family relationships among our directors or officers. 

The
following biographical information regarding our directors and executive officers. 

Michael
Campbell . Mr. Campbell became our Chief Executive Officer on September 12, 2018. For the past 20 years, Mr. Campbell has been
the managing director of M1 Advisors LLC, a business advisory and consulting firm that has engineered, orchestrated and provided support
and services to numerous private-to-public transitions, debt and equity financings and hyper- organic-growth and consolidation strategies
in a wide range of industries. In addition, from December 2011 to February 2017, Mr. Campbell was the Chief Executive Officer and a director
of NXChain, Inc., a publicly-traded start-up shell company in the cryptocurrency business that was a successor to AgriVest Americas Inc.,
a publicly-traded start-up shell company that sought to acquire cattle ranches in Brazil for conversion to soybean farms. Mr. Campbell
spent the first 20 years of his career in the high-tech industry creating and operating various companies that included a computer retailing
operation, data-storage peripheral company with three computer disk-drive manufacturing companies through joint ventures with the Russian,
Chinese and Spanish governments, a specialized call-center company for telco broadband provisioning and an online broadband services
ordering and order aggregation company with the Regional Bell Operating Companies. 

Joel D. Stone . Mr.
Stone became our President and Chief Operating Officer on March 28, 2023. Mr. Stone has 24 years of broad-based operations, engineering,
construction, integration, transformation, and technical leadership in the data center infrastructure, sourcing, and telecommunications
industries. Prior to joining our company, Mr. Stone led the Global Site Sourcing teams for Meta Platforms that supported the data center
infrastructure teams from 2019 to 2022. Prior to 2019, Mr. Stone served as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of RagingWire
Data Centers, an NTT communications company, where he was responsible for critical facilities engineering, design, construction, and data
center operations from 2016-2018. Prior to RagingWire, Mr. Stone served as Vice President of Global Data Center Operations for CenturyLink
Communications, responsible for 58 data centers around the world and a global team of 600+ people from 2011to 2016. Prior to CenturyLink,
Mr. Stone was Group Operations Director at Global Switch in London, one of the largest wholesale data center providers in Europe and Asia.
Mr. Stone spent nine years at Microsoft where he was responsible for all North America data center operations. Earlier in his career,
Mr. Stone built-out two state-of-the-art data centers in Silicon Valley (Santa Clara) for Cable Wireless Communications. 

Dean
S. Skupen . Mr. Skupen became our Chief Financial Officer on September 12, 2018. Mr. Skupen is a business advisor who has provided
various financial accounting services to, or acted as the Interim Chief Financial Officer for, a number of public companies since 2010.
Prior to that, he was a Partner at Stonefield Josephson, Inc. (now Marcum, LLP), an accounting firm with five offices throughout California
where he provided auditing and consulting services to public companies and to privately-held entrepreneurial companies transitioning
to public ownership in diverse industries. Mr. Skupen graduated from the University of Southern California with a Bachelor of Science
degree in Accounting. In addition, he is licensed as a Certified Public Accountant in the State of California. 

12 

Steven
M. Shum. Mr. Shum has been Chief Executive Officer of INVO Bioscience (NASDAQ: INVO) since October 2019 and a member of the board
of directors of INVO Bioscience since October 2017. Prior to INVO Bioscience, Mr. Shun served as Chief Financial Officer of Eastside
Distilling (NASDAQ: EAST) from October 2015 to November 2019. Prior to joining Eastside, Mr. Shum was an employee and a member of the
board of directors of XZERES Corp. (OTCQB:XPWR), a global renewable energy company, from October 2008 until April 2015, where he served
in various officer roles, including Chief Operating Officer from September 2014 until April 2015, Chief Financial Officer, Principal
Accounting Officer and Secretary from April 2010 until September 2014 (under former name, Cascade Wind Corp) and Chief Executive Officer
and President from October 2008 to August 2010. Mr. Shum also serves as the managing principal of Core Fund Management, LP and the Fund
Manager of Core Fund, LP. He was a founder of Revere Data LLC (now part of Factset Research Systems, Inc.) and served as its Executive
Vice President for four years, heading up the product development efforts and contributing to operations, business development, and sales.
He spent six years as an investment research analyst and portfolio manager of D.N.B. Capital Management, Inc. His previous employers
include Red Chip Review and Laughlin Group of Companies. He earned a B.S. in Finance and a B.S. in General Management from Portland State
University in 1992. 

Sean
Fontenot. Mr. Fontenot has spent 20 years as a self-employed IT and network specialist and in 2017 became an executive producer
of independent films. Mr. Fontenot is a technology enthusiast and film producer that manages a 5013c foundation dedicated to (i) educating
the public on the history of video, arcade, and computer gaming - including the technical aspects and the impact of games on society;
(ii) fostering public interest in software development and gaming hardware to enable technological growth and inspire the next generation
of developers, and (iii) developing public space for action sports recreation - including mentoring youths and building programs
designed to help bridge the gender gap in various action sports categories as well as underserved community members. 

Our chief executive officer,
Mr. Campbell, currently serves as a consultant to our company. Mr. Stone, our President and Chief Operating Officer, is currently our only
employee and devotes the majority of his time to advancing the company s mission and executing our business plan. Management intends
to spend as much time as is necessary to exercise its fiduciary duties as officers and directors of our company. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our directors and executive officers have been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner
 or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that
 time; 

2. any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
 traffic violations and other minor offences); 

3. being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
 of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending
 or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 

4. being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange
 Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state
 securities or commodities law, where the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. being
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment,
 decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged
 violation of (i) any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation; (ii) any
 law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but
 not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease- and-desist order, or removal or prohibition
 order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection
 with any business entity; or being the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order,
 not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as
 defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), any registered entity
 (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange,
 association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

13 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors has reviewed the composition of our board of directors and the independence of each director. Based upon information
requested from and provided by each director concerning his background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships,
our board of directors has determined that each of Steven Shum and Sean Fontenot is an independent director as defined
under Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. In making such determinations, our board of directors considered the relationships
that each such non-employee director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances our board of directors deemed relevant
in determining independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director. 

Board
Committees 

We
do not have a standing Audit Committee. We do not believe that the lack of an Audit Committee has had or will have any adverse effect
on our financial statements, based upon current operations; however, our board of directors will consider establishing an Audit Committee
of independent directors as the number of directors increases. Until such time, our board of directors will perform the duties of an
Audit Committee including delegating an auditor firm and interacting with them. 

We
do not have a standing Compensation Committee. Presently, our executive officers, who constitute our only employees, do not take salary
or other benefits from our company. As we continue to develop our data center and commence selling colocation services, we expect to increase the size of our board to include independent directors who will approve the compensation arrangements
with our executive officers. 

We
also do not have a Nominating Committee as we have not adopted any procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our
board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

Effective
March 28, 2022, our Board of Directors adopted an amended Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to, among other persons, members
of our board of directors, our company s officers, contractors, consultants and advisors. We will provide a copy of the Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics to any person without charge, upon request. Requests can be sent to our company at the address on the cover
of this Annual Report. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock,
to file reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to provide
us with copies of those filings. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from
certain reporting persons, and without conducting any independent investigation of our own we believe that during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10 percent beneficial owners were
complied with. 

14 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
following table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the executive officers of our company during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. No compensation was paid to any other executive officer of our company during such periods. 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Michael Campbell 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 200,000 
 200,000 (2) 
 
 Chief Executive officer (1) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 2,895,000 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 200,064 (2) 
 3,095,064 (2) 

Hyuncheol Peter Kim 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 140,000 
 140,000 (3) 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 19,300,000 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 66,664 (3) 
 19,366,664 (3) 

Dean S. Skupen 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 (4) 
 60,000 (4) 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 30,000 
 105,000 

(1) 
 Represents a restricted stock share award that was to vest upon the completion
of the multiple phases of our previous chip development business plan. In August 2022, we abandoned the chip development business plan
and Mr, Campbell and Mr. Kim s consulting agreements were terminated and the associated restricted stock share awards were cancelled. 

(2) 
 Represents
 amounts earned by Mr. Campbell under his consulting agreement. 

(3) 
 Represents amounts earned by Mr. Kim under his consulting
 agreement. Mr. Kim terminated his consulting engagement in August of 2022. 

(4) 
 Represents
amounts earned by Mr. Skupen under his consulting agreement. 

Consulting
Agreements 

Between
August 17, 2021 and August 31, 2022, we had consulting agreements in place with M1 Advisors LLC, a limited liability company controlled
by Michael Campbell, our Chief Executive Officer M1 Advisors ), and Hyuncheol Kim, pursuant to which M1 Advisors agreed
to continue to provide consulting services to our company and to cause Mr. Campbell to serve as our Chief Executive Officer, and Mr.
Kim agreed to provide consulting services and to serve as our Chief Technology Officer. In addition, pursuant to such consulting agreements, M1 Advisors was granted
a restricted stock award of 1,500,000 shares of common stock and Mr. Kim was granted a restricted stock award of 10,000,000 shares of
common stock. In August 2022, we terminated the chip development
business plan and terminated the consulting agreements with M1 Advisors and Mr. Kim and canceled related restricted stock awards. 

We
are currently structuring a new consulting agreement with M1 Advisors to continue providing consulting services and for Mr. Campbell
to continue serving as our Chief Executive Officer. 

15 

On
October 20, 2018, we entered into a consulting agreement with DSS Consulting Corporation, a corporation controlled by Dean Skupen, our
Chief Financial Officer DSS Consulting ), pursuant to which DSS Consulting agreed to continue to provide consulting services
to our company and to cause Mr. Skupen to serve as our Chief Financial Officer. The agreement with DSS Consulting will continue until
terminated by either party. Pursuant to such agreement, DSS Consulting was issued 250,000 shares of common stock in March 2019 and DSS
Consulting will be paid a monthly consulting fee in the amount of 5,000. 

Each
of our consulting agreements contains customary confidentiality restrictions and work-product provisions, as well as customary non-competition
covenants and non-solicitation covenants with respect to our employees, consultants and customers. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, regarding our compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized
for issuance: 

Plan category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 2021 Equity compensation plan approved by security holders 

2,500,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

2,500,000 

2021
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
October 4, 2021, we adopted our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Equity Plan to provide an additional means to attract,
motivate, retain and reward selected employees and other eligible persons. Our stockholders also approved the Equity Plan on October
4, 2021. Employees, officers, directors and consultants that provide services to us or one of our subsidiaries were eligible to receive
awards under the Equity Plan. Awards under the Equity Plan are issuable in the form of incentive or nonqualified stock options, stock
appreciation rights, stock bonuses, restricted stock, stock units and other forms of awards including cash awards. 

As
of December 31, 2022, no equity grants had been made under the Equity Plan, and 2,500,000 shares authorized under the Equity Plan remained
available for award purposes. 

Purpose .
 The purpose of the Equity Plan is to further and promote the interests of our company and its stockholders by enabling us to attract,
retain and motivate employees, directors and consultants, or those who will become employees, directors or consultants, and to align
the interests of those individuals with the interests of our stockholders. 

Administration .
 The Equity Plan will be administered by an independent compensation committee appointed by the Board (the Compensation Committee ),
which will have general administrative authority for the Equity Plan. In the event that the Board has not appointed the Compensation
Committee, then the Board shall have all the powers of the Compensation Committee under the Equity Plan. The Compensation Committee may
delegate certain limited authority to one or more of our senior executive officers to grant awards to employees who are not subject to
Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Additionally, the Compensation Committee may designate persons other than members of the Compensation
Committee to carry out the day-to-day ministerial administration of the Equity Plan (other than with regard to the selection for participation
in the Equity Plan and/or the granting of any awards to participants) under such conditions and limitations as prescribed by the Compensation
Committee (the appropriate acting body, be it the Compensation Committee, the Board, or an executive officer within his or her delegated
authority, is referred to herein as the Administrator ). The Administrator s determinations under the Equity Plan
need not be uniform and may be made selectively among the Equity Plan s participants, whether or not such participants are similarly
situated. 

16 

The
Administrator has broad authority under the Equity Plan with respect to award grants including, without limitation, the authority to: 

select
 the Equity Plan s participants; 

make
 awards in such amounts and form as the Administrator shall determine; 

impose
 such restrictions, terms and conditions upon such awards as the Administrator shall deem appropriate; and 

correct
 any technical defect(s) or technical omission(s), or reconciling any technical inconsistency(ies), in the Equity Plan and/or any
 award agreement. 

Eligibility.
 Persons eligible to receive awards under the Equity Plan include employees, directors and consultants, or those who will become
employees, directors or consultants, of our company and/or its subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the above, incentive stock options may only
be granted under the Equity Plan to our employees. 

Authorized
Shares . The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be initially issued or transferred pursuant to awards under the
Equity Plan shall not exceed 2,500,000 shares, all of which may be issued as any type of award permitted under the Equity Plan, including,
but not limited to, incentive stock options. 

Types
of Awards . The Equity Plan authorizes awards of stock options and restricted shares of common stock. 

A
stock option is the right to purchase shares of common stock at a future date at a specified price per share (the Exercise Price ).
The per share Exercise Price of an option generally may not be less than the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date
of grant. The maximum term of an option is ten years from the date of grant. An option may either be an incentive stock option or a nonqualified
stock option. Incentive stock option benefits are taxed differently from nonqualified stock options, as described under Federal
Income Tax Consequences of Awards Under the Plan below. Incentive stock options are also subject to more restrictive terms and
are limited in amount by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the Code and the Equity Plan. Incentive stock options may only
be granted to employees of our company or a subsidiary. 

Restricted
shares are shares of common stock granted to Equity Plan participants, subject to such restrictions, terms and conditions, if any, as
the Administrator deems appropriate, including, without limitation, (a) restrictions on the sale, assignment, transfer, hypothecation
or other disposition of such shares, (b) the requirement that the participant deposit such shares with our company while such shares
are subject to such restrictions, and (c) the requirement that such shares be forfeited upon termination of employment or service with
our company for any reason or for specified reasons within a specified period of time or for other reasons (including, without limitation,
the failure to achieve designated performance goals). Upon satisfaction or lapse of the applicable restrictions, terms, and conditions,
subject to applicable securities laws, the participant will receive shares of common stock in exchange for such restricted shares. 

Dividend
Equivalents; Deferrals . The Administrator may provide for the deferred payment of awards and may determine the other terms applicable
to deferrals. The Administrator may provide that awards under the Equity Plan earn dividends or dividend equivalents based on the amount
of dividends paid on outstanding shares of common stock. 

Assumption
and Termination of Awards . Generally, and subject to limited exceptions set forth in the Equity Plan, if we dissolve or undergo
certain corporate transactions such as a merger, business combination, or other reorganization, or a sale of substantially all of its
assets, all awards then-outstanding under the Equity Plan will become fully vested or paid, as applicable, and will terminate or be terminated
in such circumstances, unless the Administrator provides for the assumption, substitution or other continuation of the award. The Administrator
also has the discretion to establish other change in control provisions with respect to awards granted under the Equity Plan. For example,
the Administrator could provide for the acceleration of vesting or payment of an award in connection with a corporate event that is not
described above and provide that any such acceleration shall be automatic upon the occurrence of any such event. 

17 

Clawback .
 We may cancel any award under the Equity Plan, require reimbursement from a participant, and effect any other right of recoupment
of equity or other compensation provided under the Equity Plan in accordance with any clawback policies adopted by us. 

Transfer
Restrictions . Subject to certain exceptions contained in the Equity Plan, awards under the Equity Plan generally are not transferable
by the recipient other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and are generally exercisable, during the recipient s
lifetime, only by the recipient. Any amounts payable or shares issuable pursuant to an award generally will be paid only to the recipient
or the recipient s beneficiary or representative. The Administrator has discretion, however, to establish written conditions and
procedures for the transfer of awards to other persons or entities, provided that such transfers comply with applicable federal and state
securities laws. 

Adjustments .
 As is customary in incentive plans of this nature, each share limit and the number and kind of shares available under the Equity
Plan and any outstanding awards, as well as the exercise or purchase prices of awards, and performance targets under certain types of
performance-based awards, are subject to adjustment in the event of certain reorganizations, mergers, combinations, recapitalizations,
stock splits, stock dividends, or other similar events that change the number or kind of shares outstanding, and extraordinary dividends
or distributions of property to the stockholders. 

No
Limit on Other Authority . The Equity Plan does not limit the authority of the Board or any committee to grant awards or authorize
any other compensation, with or without reference to the our common stock, under any other plan or authority. 

Termination
of or Changes to the Equity Plan . The Board may amend or terminate the Equity Plan at any time and in any manner. Stockholder
approval for an amendment will be required only to the extent then required by applicable law or any applicable listing agency or required
under Sections 422 or 424 of the Code to preserve the intended tax consequences of the plan. For example, stockholder approval will be
required for any amendment that proposes to increase the maximum number of shares that may be delivered with respect to awards granted
under the Equity Plan (adjustments as a result of stock splits or similar events will not, however, be considered an amendment requiring
stockholder approval). Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the authority to grant new awards under the Equity Plan will terminate
on October 4, 2031. Outstanding awards, as well as the Administrator s authority with respect thereto, generally will continue
following the expiration or termination of the Equity Plan. Generally speaking, outstanding awards may be amended by the Administrator
(except for a repricing), but the consent of the award holder is required if the amendment (or any Equity Plan amendment) materially
and adversely affects the holder. 

Federal
Income Tax Consequences of Awards under the Plan. 

The
U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Equity Plan under current federal law, which is subject to change, are summarized in the
following discussion of the general tax principles applicable to the Equity Plan. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and,
among other considerations, does not describe the deferred compensation provisions of Section 409A of the Code to the extent an award
is subject to and does not satisfy those rules, nor does it describe certain elections under the Code (such as an election under Code
Section 83(b)), alternative minimum tax, or state, local, or international tax consequences. 

With
respect to nonqualified stock options, we are generally entitled to deduct, and the participant recognizes taxable income in an amount
equal to the difference between the option exercise price and the fair market value of the shares at the time of exercise. With respect
to incentive stock options, we are generally not entitled to a deduction nor does the participant recognize income at the time of exercise,
although the participant may be subject to the U.S. federal alternative minimum tax. Upon a disposition of shares acquired by exercise
of an incentive stock option before the end of the applicable incentive stock option holding periods, the participant generally must
recognize ordinary income equal to the lesser of (i) the fair market value of the shares at the date of exercise minus the exercise price
or (ii) the amount realized upon the disposition of the incentive stock option shares minus the exercise price. Otherwise, a participant s
disposition of shares acquired upon the exercise of an option (including an incentive stock option for which the incentive stock option
holding periods are met) generally will result in only capital gain or loss. 

18 

With
respect to restricted shares, we are generally entitled to deduct and the participant recognizes taxable income in an amount equal to
the excess of the fair market value over the price paid (if any) only at the time the restrictions lapse (unless the recipient elects
to accelerate recognition as of the date of grant). 

If
an award is accelerated under the Equity Plan in connection with a change in control (as this term is used under the Code),
we may not be permitted to deduct the portion of the compensation attributable to the acceleration parachute payments if it exceeds certain threshold limits under the Code (and certain related excise taxes may be triggered). 

We
have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a participant to remit to us, an amount sufficient to satisfy any
income, payroll, and other taxes (including, without limitation, pursuant to the Federal Insurance Contributions Act and the Federal
Unemployment Tax Act) to the extent required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event concerning a participant arising
as a result of an award under the Equity Plan. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards At Annual Period End 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were no awards outstanding. 

Aggregated
Option Exercises 

There
were no options exercised by any officer or director of our company during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Directors
Compensation 

No
director compensation was paid during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in the form of cash expenses, stock awards, option awards,
non-equity incentive plan compensation, pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings or any other type of compensation.
We do not currently pay any cash fees to our directors, nor do we pay directors expenses in attending board meetings. 

Employment
Agreements 

We
are not presently a party to any employment agreements. 

19 

Pension
and Retirement Plans 

Currently,
we do not offer any annuity, pension or retirement benefits to be paid to any of our officers, directors or employees, in the event of
retirement. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth, as of April 13, 2023, the names, addresses and number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i)
all persons known to our management to be beneficial owners of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock, (ii) each
director of our company, (iii) each named Executive Officer and (iv) all executive officers and directors of our company as a group (except
as indicated, each beneficial owner listed exercises sole voting power and sole dispositive power over the shares beneficially owned): 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Class(1) 
 
 M1 Advisors LLC(2) 
 8,954,199 
 61.77 
 
 (Michael Campbell)(2) 
 8,954,199 
 61.77 
 
 Joel Stone 
 - 
 0.00 
 
 Dean Skupen(3) 
 325,000 
 2.24 
 
 Steven Shum 
 4,655 
 0.03 
 
 Sean Fontenot(4) 
 4,620,000 
 24.17 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group 

(5 persons) 
 13,903,854 
 95.92 
 
 5 Stockholders: 

David Unsworth (5) 
 1,435,000 
 9.90 
 
 The Cooper Family Living Trust Dtd 7/20/98 (6) 
 1,079,000 
 7.44 

(1) 
 As of April 13, 2023, there were 14,495,621 shares of common stock outstanding.
Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power
with respect to all common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. In accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Commission ), a person or entity is deemed to be the beneficial owner of common stock that can be acquired by such person
or entity within sixty (60) days upon the exercise of options or warrants or other rights to acquire common stock. Each beneficial owner s
percentage ownership is determined by assuming that options and warrants that are held by such person (but not those held by any other
person) and which are exercisable within sixty (60) days have been exercised. The inclusion herein of such shares listed as beneficially
owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 
 
 (2) 
 Represents
 shares of common stock owned of record by M1 Advisors LLC, a company controlled by Michael Campbell. The address of Michael Campbell
 and M1 Advisors LLC is 11753 Willard Avenue, Tustin, CA 92782. Mr. Campbell has sole voting and investment power over the shares
 held by M1 Advisors LLC. 
 
 (3) 
 Represents
 shares of common stock owned of record by DSS Consulting Corporation, a company controlled by Dean Skupen. DSS Consulting Corporation s
 address is 2945 Townsgate Road, Suite 200, West Lake Village CA 91361. Mr. Skupen has sole voting and investment power over the shares
 held by DSS Consulting Corporation. 
 
 (4) 
 Represents
 3,080,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of a convertible note, and 1,540,000 shares of common stock issuable
 upon the exercise of warrants, owned of record by Nanosha Investments, LLC, a company controlled by Sean Fontenot. The address of
 Nanosha Investments, LLC is 1202 Walnut Avenue, Long Beach, CA 90813. Mr. Fontenot has sole voting and investment power over the
 securities held by Nanosha Investments, LLC. 
 
 (5) 
 David
 Unsworth s address is 246 Bayview Avenue, Belvedere CA 94920. 
 
 (6) 
 Piers
 and Sally Cooper are the trustees of The Cooper Family Living Trust Dated 7/20/98. The address of the trust is 452 Lakeview Way,
 Emerald Hills, CA 94062. 

20 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

To
the best of our knowledge, except as set forth below, during the last fiscal year, there were no material transactions, or series of
similar transactions, or any currently proposed transactions, or series of similar transactions, to which we were or are to be a party,
in which the amount involved exceeds 120,000 or one percent of the average total assets at year end for each of the last two fiscal
years, and in which any director or executive officer, or any security holder who is known by us to own of record or beneficially more
than 5 of any class of our common stock, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, has an interest. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees And Services. 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by RBSM LLP, our principal accountants for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, for the audit of financial statements, quarterly reviews of our interim financial statements and services normally provided
by the independent accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these periods were as follows: 

For the Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees and Audit Related Fees 
 28,000 
 50,000 
 
 Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 28,000 
 50,000 

In
the above table, audit fees are fees billed by our company s external auditor for services provided in auditing our
company s financial statements for the periods indicated above. Audit-related fees are fees not included in audit
fees that are billed by the auditor for assurance and related services, including quarterly reviews, that are reasonably related to the
performance of the audit of our company s financial statements. Tax fees are fees billed by the auditor for professional
services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. All other fees are fees billed by the auditor for products
and services not included in the foregoing categories. 

Our
board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and
approved by our board of directors either before or after the respective services were rendered. 

21 

PART
IV 

Item.15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on July 5, 2002). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Change filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 20, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2005). 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Merger filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on February 6, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2006). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on November 27, 2006 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2006). 

3.5 
 
 Articles of Merger filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on February 6, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2006). 

3.6 
 
 Articles of Merger filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on July 15, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2013). 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Change filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on August 28, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 29, 2018). 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 12, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14, 2018). 

3.9 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on October 29, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2018). 

3.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2013). 

4.10 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 

10.1 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit Annex A to our Schedule 14C Information Statement filed on October 21, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Form of OID Convertible Promissory Note due February 28, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Form of Series A Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Form of OID Promissory Note dated September 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Form of Series A Warrant dated September 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2021). 

22 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 
 
 10.6 
 
 Warrant dated September 15, 2021 of CalEthos to Mireya Lange (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of September 15, 2021 between CalEthos Inc. and Nonosha Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated as of October 10, 2018 between CalEthos Inc. and DSS Consulting Corporation. 

14 
 
 Code of Conduct and Ethics of CalEthos Inc. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.ins 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.xsd 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.cal 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.def 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.lab 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.pre 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Furnished.
 Not filed. Not incorporated by reference. Not subject to liability. 

A
 signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
 and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

23 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 17 day of April 2023. 

CalEthos,
 Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael Campbell 

Name: 
 Michael
 Campbell 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Michael Campbell 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Campbell 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Dean S. Skupen 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Dean
 S. Skupen 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Sean Fontenot 
 
 Director 
 
 Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Sean
 Fontenot 
 
 (Director) 

/s/
 Steven Shum 
 
 Director 
 
 Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Steven
 Shum 
 
 (Director) 

24 

CalEthos,
Inc. 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Index
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Contents 
 Page(s) 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 CalEthos,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CalEthos Inc., (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the
two year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The
Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, although the Company has net income it is primarily attributable to
non-cash reversal of compensation for restricted stock units, has generated negative cash flows from operating activities, has an accumulated
deficit and has stated that substantial doubt exists about Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. 

We
determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

April
17, 2023 

F- 2 

CalEthos,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid and other current expenses 

Total current assets 

Other assets 
 - 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Convertible promissory notes, net 

Notes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders deficit 

Series A convertible preferred stock, par value , shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock, value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value , shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Stock subscription receivable 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 3 

CalEthos,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 
 - 
 - 

Operating expenses 

Professional fees 

Restricted stock grants 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating (income) expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest income 
 
 - 
 
 Financing costs 

Total other expenses 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) per share, basic 

Net income (loss) per share, diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 

Comprehensive income (loss): 

Net income (loss) 

Change in foreign currency translation 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 4 

CalEthos,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Income (Loss) 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Stock Subscription 
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Income (Loss) 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 

Relative fair value of warrants issued with convertible promissory note 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock options issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for debt forgiveness 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued for accrued compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stocks returned 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock issued on exercise of options 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Restricted common stock awards issued for compensation 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Forfeiture of stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (Loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 5 

CalEthos,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of convertible promissory note discounts 

Fair value of equity-based compensation 
 - 

Forfeiture of restricted stock grants 
 
 - 
 
 Accretion of compensation cost for restricted stock awards 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Other assets 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Proceeds from the issuance of convertible promissory notes 
 - 

Proceeds from the issuance of notes payable 
 - 

Repayments of notes payable 

Proceeds from the exercise of options 
 - 

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net (decrease) increase in Cash 

Cash, Beginning of Period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash, End of Period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Relative fair value of warrants issued with convertible promissory notes 
 - 

Common stock issued for accrued compensation 
 - 

Common stock issued from forgiven debt 
 - 

Original issue discount recorded on convertible promissory notes 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 6 

CalEthos,
Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million
shares of common stock. At the date of incorporation, shares were issued to the Company for Korean Won or approximately
 for ownership of AIQ. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which was attributable to
a noncash transaction for the reversal of compensation for restricted stock units, and had an accumulated deficit of approximately 
as of December 31, 2022. The Company has financed its activities principally through debt and equity financing and shareholder contributions.
Management expects to incur additional losses and cash outflows in the foreseeable future in connection with its operating activities. 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of
assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The
Company is subject to a number of risks similar to those of other similar stage companies, including dependence on key individuals; successful
development, marketing and branding of products; uncertainty of product development and generation of revenues; dependence on outside
sources of financing; risks associated with research and development; dependence on third-party suppliers and collaborators; protection
of intellectual property; and competition with larger, better-capitalized companies. Ultimately, the attainment of profitable operations
is dependent on future events, including obtaining adequate financing to fund its operations and generating a level of revenues adequate
to support the Company s cost structure. 

The
Company will need to raise debt or equity financing in the future in order to continue its operations and achieve its growth targets.
However, there can be no assurance that such financing will be available in sufficient amounts and on acceptable terms, when and if needed,
or at all. The precise amount and timing of the funding needs cannot be determined accurately at this time, and will depend on a number
of factors, including market demand for the Company s products and services, the success of product development efforts, the timing
of receipts for customer deposits, the management of working capital, and the continuation of normal payment terms and conditions for
purchase of goods and services. The Company believes its cash balances and cash flow from operations will not be sufficient to fund its
operations and growth for the next twelve months from the issuance date of these financial statements. If the Company is unable to substantially
increase revenues, reduce expenditures, or otherwise generate cash flows from operations, then the Company will likely need to raise
additional funding from investors or through other avenues to continue as a going concern. 

per bank. The Company minimizes this risk by placing its cash deposits with major financial institutions.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and in excess of the federal insurance limit, respectively. 

Convertible promissory notes and accrued interest 

Series A warrants issued with convertible promissory notes 

Series B warrants to be issued upon exercise of Series A warrants 

Warrants issued for services 

Total potential future shares 

and for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and paid approximately and
 , respectively, to M1 Advisors for the services of the Company s CEO and miscellaneous operating expenses. 

Korean Won KRW or approximately . Total payments made to PICOCEL
as of December 31, 2022 amounted to approximately . On March 17, 2022, the Company and PICOCEL entered into a mutual agreement
to cancel and terminate the Agreement. As of the date of the termination, PICOCEL had completed the first phase of the Agreement upon
delivery of the SHA-256 code and FPGA board simulator. 

On
April 5, 2022, AIQ entered into a Technology Development Agreement (the Agreement with NNS, Co., Ltd. (the Contractor 
or NNS to develop a FPGA based Bitcoin mining simulation system. The Agreement was expected to be completed within 9 weeks
for a total contract price of KRW, including KRW VAT, or approximately . The payments are scheduled as follows: 

Within 5 days after all conditions are met as stated in Schedule B Statement of Work 

Total 

Payment
of KRW or approximately was made to NNS as of December 31, 2022, which was expensed and included in the consolidated
statement of operations. 

Impairment 

During
the six months ended June 30, 2022, the Bitcoin market was in a constant decline, and since the ASIC chip being developed by AIQ was
planned to be used for Bitcoin mining machines, management believes that there is an impairment indicator. In August 2022,
management discontinued the operations of AIQ. 

Indicators
of impairment include significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, significant changes
in our use of the assets or in our business strategy, loss of or changes in customer relationships and significant negative industry
or economic trends. When indications of impairment arise for a particular asset or group of assets, we assess the future recoverability
of the carrying value of the asset (or asset group) based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis. If the carrying value exceeds projected,
net, undiscounted cash flows, an additional analysis is performed to determine the asset (or asset group), typically a discounted
cashflow analysis, and an impairment charge is recorded for the excess of carrying value over fair value. 

As
of December 31, 2022, intangibles and other assets were fully impaired. Impairment loss amounted to , inclusive of a 
impairment of prepaid VAT related to the services provided by PICOCEL and NNS. 

NNS 

Total 

Foreign exchange loss 

Impairment loss 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued
Interest 

Convertible promissory notes 

Balance, end of the year 

Additions 

Payments 

Balance, end of the year 

On
July 7, 2020, the Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of . The note is noninterest bearing. The principal
was due on or before August 7, 2020. During any event of default under the note, the interest rate shall increase to per annum. Events
of default include failure to pay principal or interest, breach of covenants, breach of representations and warranties, borrower s
assignment of substantial part of its property or business, any money judgment, writ, or similar process shall be entered or filed against
the borrower or any subsidiary of the borrower or any of its properties or other assets for more than , bankruptcy, liquidation
of business, and cessation of operations. The principal amount outstanding under this note was as of December 31, 2022. The note
principal and interest are past due, therefore in default. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has accrued approximately
 of default interest. 

On
February 19, 2021, the Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of . The interest on the unpaid principal balance
accrued at a rate of per annum. The principal and any accrued interest was to be paid in a single installment on or before . If the Company fails to pay the balance of this note in full on the due date or fails to make any payment due within 15 days
of the due date, any unpaid principal shall accrue interest at the rate of per annum during the default (default interest). Events
of default include failure to make any payment including accrued interest when due, voluntary, or involuntary petition of bankruptcy,
appointment of a receiver, custodian, trustee or similar party to take possession of the Company s assets or property, or assignment
made by the Company for the benefit of creditors. The principal amount was settled in full on January 25, 2022. 

On
April 22, 2021, the Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of . The interest on the unpaid principal balance
accrued at a rate of per annum. The principal and any accrued interest was to be paid in a single installment on or before . If the Company fails to pay the balance of this note in full on the date or fails to make any payments due within 15 days of
the due date, any unpaid principal shall accrue interest at the rate of per annum during the default. Events of default include failure
to make any payment including accrued interest when due, voluntary, or involuntary petition of bankruptcy, appointment of a receiver,
custodian, trustee or similar party to take possession of the Company s assets or property, or assignment made by the Company for
the benefit of creditors. The principal amount outstanding under this note was as of December 31, 2022. The note principal and
interest are past due, therefore in default. Interest accrued, including default interest, as of December 31, 2022 is . 

On
July 1, 2021, the Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of . The interest on the unpaid principal balance accrues
at a rate of per annum. The principal and any accrued interest were to be paid in a single installment on or before .
If the Company fails to pay the balance of this note in full on the date or fails to make any payments due within 15 days of the due
date, any unpaid principal shall accrue interest at the rate of per annum during the default (default interest). Events of default
include failure to make any payment including accrued interest when due, voluntary, or involuntary petition of bankruptcy, appointment
of a receiver, custodian, trustee or similar party to take possession of the Company s assets or property, or assignment made by
the Company for the benefit of creditors. The principal amount was settled in full on November 29, 2022. 

Interest
expense on notes payable amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and (the Notes ), respectively.
The total aggregate proceeds were due to a aggregate original issue discount. The Notes are non-interest bearing
with the principal due and payable on and , respectively. Any amount of unpaid principal on the date of
maturity will accrue interest at rate of per annum (default interest). Interest accrued as of December 31, 2022 is . The
principal amount and all accrued interest are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, as of the date of issuance,
at a rate of and per share Conversion Rate ), respectively. The Conversion Rate is adjustable if, at any time
when any principal amount of the Notes remains unpaid or unconverted, the Company issues or sells any shares of the Company s common
stock for no consideration or for a consideration per share (before deduction of reasonable expenses or commissions or underwriting discounts
or allowances in connection therewith), which is less than the Conversion Rate in effect on the date of such issuance (or deemed issuance)
of such shares of common stock (a Dilutive Issuance ). , bankruptcy filing, application for
the appointment of a custodian, trustee or receiver, insolvency, the Company s common stock delisted, or dissolution, winding up,
or termination of the business of the Company . The note principal and interest are past due, therefore in default. 

In
connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Company issued to the purchasers of the Notes stock purchase warrants (the Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock for a purchase price of to per share, subject
to adjustments. The Warrants were valued using the Black Scholes option pricing model for a total fair value of based on a
 -year term, volatility of to , a risk-free equivalent yield of to , and stock price ranging from to
 . 

In
accordance with ASC 470 - Debt, the Company has allocated the cash proceeds amounts of the Notes among the Notes, the Warrants and the
conversion feature. The relative fair value of the Warrants issued amounted to approximately and the beneficial conversion
amounted to , which amounts are being amortized and expensed over the term of the Notes. 

The
Company determined that the conversion feature of the Notes would not be an embedded feature to be bifurcated and accounted for as a
derivative in accordance with ASC 815-15 Derivatives and Hedging . 

Financing
cost recognized for the amortization of debt discount was approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

Additions 

Balance, end of year 

Discount 

Balance, beginning of year 

Additions 
 - 

Amortization 

Balance, end of year 
 - 

Net carrying amount 

Effective
interest rate used to amortize the debt discount for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 ranges from to . 

Interest 

Total 

Conversion price per share 

Potential future shares 

The
default interest expense for the convertible promissory notes amounted to and for the year ended December 31, 2022,
and 2021, respectively. 

per month and to receive an option to purchase shares of our common stock
that was to vest quarterly over the term of the agreement. In the complaint, the plaintiff alleged that, on or around March 27, 2020,
the Company ceased paying the plaintiff despite the plaintiff s continuing efforts on behalf of our company and that the Company
agreed to continue to accrue his monthly retainer amount until such time that the Company received at least in funding. Plaintiff
further alleged that he continued to work for our company for 38 additional weeks in reliance on our promise of payment. The plaintiff
claimed that our refusal to make the promised payments amounts to violations of the California labor laws and seeks damages in excess
of . 

On
June 9, 2022, a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release was reached by the parties in the above mentioned complaint whereby as full
consideration for the plaintiff s execution of and compliance with the agreement and plaintiff s release of all claims
against the defendants, the Company agreed to pay a gross settlement amount of .
Such payment was made on June 23, 2022. 

shares of which shares shall be preferred stock, par value per share, and
 shares shall be common stock, par value per share. 

Preferred
Stock 

Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock 

The
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at the rate
of per share, subject to adjustments based on the Company s future sales of financial instruments at a value less than 
per share. The holders of the Series A have the right to convert any time after the date of issuance. With the issuance of the convertible
promissory notes, as explained in Note 5 above, the Series A s conversion rate adjusted to per share. In accordance with
ASC 470, the Company has calculated the effect of the conversion rate adjustment, which was approximately . The conversion rate
adjustment has been treated as a deemed dividend, which has been presented in the Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit. 

The
Series A is mandatorily convertible upon (i) the closing of the sale of shares of the Company s common stock to the public in an
underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, resulting
in at least of gross proceeds to the Company, (ii) . 

On
any matter presented to the stockholders of the Company for their action or consideration at any meeting of stockholders of the Company
(or by written consent of stockholders in lieu of meeting), each holder of outstanding shares of Series A shall be entitled to cast the
number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of common stock into which the shares of Series A held by such holder are convertible
as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote on such matter. Except as provided by law or by the other provisions
of the Articles of Incorporation, holders of Series A shall vote together with the holders of common stock as a single class. 

From
and after the date of the issuance of any shares of Series A, a cumulative dividend on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock
shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to ten percent of the Series A original issue price. Accrued dividends on the Series A shall be
paid in shares of the Company s common stock, such shares to be valued for such purpose at the applicable series A conversion price. 

On
February 11, 2020, the Company converted shares of Series A into a Convertible Promissory Notes in the principal amount approximately
 . 

Common
Stock 

In
January 2021, the Company s President and a member of the Board of Directors, resigned as an officer and director of the Company Termination Agreement ). Part of the Termination Agreement stipulates the return of shares of the Company s
common stock Cancelled Shares ). The Cancelled Shares were returned and cancelled on April 20, 2021. 

In
March 2021, the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO agreed to forgive approximately due to him, which
was treated as contributed paid in capital. 

In
March 2021, the Company s Chief Financial Officer agreed to reduce the amounts due to him from approximately to .
For the reduction of , the Company will issue shares of common stock. The remaining liability of will be paid in
cash. 

In
September 2021, the Company entered into a release agreement with one of its consultants. As part of the separation payment, the Company
issued shares valued at and paid cash in October 2021. 

Restricted
Common Stock Awards 

On
August 17, 2021, the Company entered into Restricted Share Award Agreements (the Award Agreements with two consultants
pursuant to which the Company issued to the consultants shares of common stock of the Company in exchange for their future services.
The Awards had an initial term of one year, which was to be automatically renewed on a year-to-year basis unless either party gave a
written notice of termination. The two consultants who entered into these agreements include: 

1) 
 A
 consultant who was granted restricted share awards. 

2) 
 An
 entity, which is owned by the Company s CEO and majority shareholder, was granted restricted share awards. 

The
Company s management accounted for the Award Grants as restricted stock compensation in accordance with ASC 718 Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). ASC 718 required the Company to estimate the service period over which the compensation cost would be recognized.
Management had estimated that the first two development phases would be completed within 15 months and the Foundry Mask would be completed
within 6 months for a total of 21 months service period. Compensation cost was to be recognized ratably over 21 months and in the same
manner had the Company paid in cash. The estimated service period would be adjusted for changes in actual and expected completion dates.
Any such change was to be recognized prospectively, and the remaining deferred compensation was to be recognized over the remaining service
period. 

The
Company issued restricted stock grants totaling 
shares Grant Shares to Hyuncheol (Peter) Kim CTO ), the Company s former Chief Technology Officer, and 
to a M1 Advisors LLC, a company owned by the Company s chief executive officer. The value was 
per share on the date of issuance Grant Date for an aggregate fair value of 

The
stock-based award compensation was recorded as an increase in deferred compensation expense, common stock, and additional paid-in capital
in the Company s books at the time of the grant. 

On July 27, 2022, the Company sent the CTO, a letter notifying him that
the Company s Board of Directors had resolved to discontinue the Company s 5 nanometer ASIC chip and bitcoin mining machine
project and that his consulting agreement was to terminate at the end of August 2022. The Grant Shares issued in connection with his consulting
agreement were canceled. As of the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements, the CTO had not executed the documentation
required for the Company to cancel the Grant Shares; therefore, the Grant Shares are still legally outstanding, so the number of Grant
Shares has not been removed from the total shares issued and outstanding. Since it is probable that the Grant Shares will not be earned,
the Company has reversed the expense recognized for the fair value of the Grant Shares. 

Also,
at the end of August 2022, the Company canceled the restricted stock grant issued to M1 Advisors LLC. 

Accretion 
 - 

Canceled 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Reversal of 2021 accretion expense 

Reversal of 2022 accretion expense 

Restricted stock grant compensation 

Issuance
of Stock Options and Warrants 

In
February 2021, the Company signed a new consulting agreement that granted one of its shareholders an option to purchase shares
of the Company s common stock at per share for the consultancy work provided from August 2020 to February 2021. The options
were fully vested on the date of issuance. The fair value of the options was approximately , as of the grant date, of which approximately
 was expensed and accrued during the year ended December 31, 2020 and was expensed for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

In
May 2021, the Company signed a letter of understanding that granted one of its shareholders an option to purchase shares of the
Company s common stock at per share for the consultancy work provided during the Company s restructuring phase from
February 17, 2021 through April 30, 2021. The options were fully vested on the date of issuance. The fair value of the options was approximately
 , as of grant date, which was expensed during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

In
May 2021, an option holder exercised three options for , and shares of the Company s common stock at an
exercise price of for each option, for total proceeds of approximately . 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Exercised 

Expired 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Exercised 

Expired 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Vested and exercisable, December 31, 2022 

Unvested, December 31, 2022 

On
September 15, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. For the year ended December
31, 2021, the compensation expense, classified as professional fees in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss,
was , which was calculated using the Black Scholes fair value option-pricing model with key input variables provided by management,
as of the date of issuance: volatility of , fair value of common stock , estimated life of years, risk free rate of 
and dividend rate of . 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Exercised 

Expired 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Vested and exercisable, December 31, 2021 

Unvested, December 31, 2021 

Balance, January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Exercised 

Expired 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Vested and exercisable, December 31, 2022 

Unvested, December 31, 2022 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 

- 
 
 Dividend yield 

Stock price 

Effect of dilutive instruments 

Convertible notes interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Numerator for diluted EPS 

Denominator 

Denominator - for basic EPS 

Effect of dilutive instruments 

Warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Restricted stock awards 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Dilutive potential common shares 
 
 - 

Denominator for diluted EPS 

Basic EPS 

Diluted EPS 

Securities
that could potentially dilute loss per share in the future were not included in the computation of diluted loss per share for the year
ended December 31, 2021 because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. Common share equivalents amounted to for warrants,
 for convertible notes and for restricted stock units for total of as of December 31, 2021. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company had dilutive securities. 

that may be offset against future taxable income. No tax benefit has been reported with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards
in the accompanying financial statements because the Company believes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets
of approximately was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net operating
loss carry-forwards are fully offset by a full valuation allowance. Federal NOL s have an indefinite carryover period and state
NOL s begin to expire in 2037 if not utilized by then. 

Deferred
tax assets consist primarily of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred
tax assets because of the uncertainty regarding its realization. The valuation allowance (decreased) increased by approximately ) 
and for the reporting periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- 
 
 Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense limitations 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

Expected income tax benefit from NOL carry-forwards 

Less valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 

Income
Tax Provision in the Statements of Operations 

Change in valuation allowance on net operating loss carry-forwards 

Effective income tax rate 

acres of commercially zoned land in Imperial County, California
(the Option for 
 Purchase Price ). The Option expires
in September 2024. The Company paid a non-refundable deposit of 
 on the signing of the Option. The Company is
required to deposit an additional 
 into an escrow Escrow Funds ).
If the Company does not exercise the Option by September 2024, the Escrow funds will be returned to the Company. 

The
Purchase Price is payable with a cash payment of and the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock (the
 Purchase Shares ). At the closing of the purchase Closing Date ), if the stock is trading at a value less
than per share, the Company is required to issue a promissory note in the amount of , payable on the third anniversary
of the closing date, with an interest rate equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus . 

If
the Purchase Shares are issued at the Closing Date, the Company has agreed to repurchase the Shares (the Put Option ). The
Put Option period ends on the one-year anniversary after a six-month holding period. However, if the Company s common stock trades
above per share for 120 consecutive days, the Put Option expires. If the Company s common stock trades below per for
10 consecutive days, the Holder has the option for the Company to repurchase the Purchase Shares for per share. o 

Employment
Agreement 

On
March 27, 2023, executed an offer of employment to hire an individual as the Company s president and chief operating officer. The
effective date of employment was March 28, 2023. The salary is 
 per year, with an increase to 
 annually, immediately once permits have been
granted to start construction of the data center, and an increase to 
 annually, upon the data center being operational
and contracted for 
 of the planned 100MW colocation capacity. Also,
the individual is eligible for a cash annual bonus and 
 shares that will be provided in an employee option
or a restricted stock award, if certain milestones are accomplished. The stock grant will be included in a pending employment agreement
that is planned to be completed between the Company and employee with the next couple of weeks. 

Cancellation
of Restricted Stock Awards 

On
April 10, 2023, we completed the required paperwork for our transfer agent to cancel 
shares of restricted stock that was previously issued to Mr. Kim as our former CTO. 

F- 19 

<EX-4.10>
 2
 ex4-10.htm

Exhibit
4.10 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK 

The
following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety
by reference to the complete text of our Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Articles of Incorporation ), and our
Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which
this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. We encourage you to read our Articles of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Nevada
Revised Statutes NRS for additional information. 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (our common stock ),
and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share (our preferred stock ). 

As
of March 31, 2023, 14,495,621 shares of common stock and no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

General 

The
following summary of certain provisions of our common stock does not purport to be complete. This description is summarized from, and
is qualified in its entirety by reference to, our articles of incorporation and our bylaws, to which you should refer and both of which
are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. The summary below
is also qualified by provisions of applicable law, including Chapters 78 and 92A of the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS ),
as applicable to corporations. 

Voting,
Dividend and Other Rights. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters presented to the
shareholders for a vote. Holders of shares of common stock have no cumulative voting, pre-emptive, subscription or conversion rights.
All shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to this registration statement will be duly authorized, fully paid and non-assessable.
Our board of directors determines if and when distributions may be paid out of legally available funds to the holders. To date, we have
not declared any dividends with respect to our common stock. Our declaration of any cash dividends in the future will depend on our board
of directors determination as to whether, in light of our earnings, financial position, cash requirements and other relevant factors
existing at the time, it appears advisable to do so. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable
future. 

Rights
Upon Liquidation. Upon liquidation, subject to the right of any holders of the preferred stock to receive preferential distributions,
each outstanding share of common stock may participate pro rata in the assets remaining after payment of, or adequate provision for,
all our known debts and liabilities. 

Majority
Voting. The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock constitute a quorum at any meeting of the shareholders.
A plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders elects our directors. The common stock does not have cumulative voting rights.
Therefore, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of our directors. In general, a majority
of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders must authorize shareholder actions other than the election of directors. Most amendments
to our articles of incorporation require the vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding voting shares. 

All
issued and outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. Shares of our common stock that may be offered, from
time to time, under this prospectus will be fully paid and nonassessable. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Nevada Agency and Transfer Company. The address of Nevada Agency and Transfer Company
is 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, NV 89501 and its telephone number is (775) 322-0626. 

Market
for Common Stock 

Our
common stock is listed for quotation on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol BUZZ. 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Michael Campbell, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CalEthos, Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d)
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Michael Campbell 

Michael
 Campbell 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Dean S. Skupen, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CalEthos, Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Dean S. Skupen 

Dean
 S. Skupen 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 

 PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U. S. C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of CalEthos, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the
 Report ), I, Michael Campbell, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Dean S. Skupen, Chief Financial Officer of
the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Michael Campbell 

Michael
 Campbell 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Dean S. Skupen 

Dean
 S. Skupen 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed from within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 buuz-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 buuz-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 buuz-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 buuz-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

