<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1567900_0001437749-23-010333.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5584679</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>211556</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1090826</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1529082</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1444057</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1185861</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-010333.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414163659
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-010333
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001567900
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				453598066
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41051
		FILM NUMBER:		23821680

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5430 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1485
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-726-9203

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5430 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1485
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SMSA BALLINGER ACQUISITION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130125

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-010333.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 blkbx20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

blkbx20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 

to 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 

			 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 

			 Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Ex change Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect a correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (3,633,493 shares of common stock) as of June 30, 2022 was (computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold 1.48) as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter). For purposes of the foregoing calculation only, directors, executive officers, and holders of 10 or more of the issuer s common capital stock have been deemed affiliates. 

As of April 11, 2023, shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

None. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

INTRODUCTORY COMMENT 
			 
			 1 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
			 
			 1 

PART I 
			 
			 2 

Item 1. 

Business 
			 
			 2 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 
			 
			 11 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 
			 
			 22 

Item 2. 

Properties 
			 
			 22 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 
			 
			 22 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 
			 
			 22 

PART II 
			 
			 23 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matter and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
			 
			 23 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 
			 
			 24 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
			 
			 24 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
			 
			 28 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
			 
			 28 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
			 
			 28 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 
			 
			 28 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 
			 
			 30 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
			 
			 30 

PART III 
			 
			 31 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
			 
			 31 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 
			 
			 35 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
			 
			 38 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
			 
			 40 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
			 
			 40 

PART IV 
			 
			 41 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
			 
			 41 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 
			 
			 42 

SIGNATURES 
			 
			 43 

Table of Contents 

INTRODUCTORY COMMENT 

Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report ), the terms we, us, our, Blackboxstocks, or the Company refers to Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation. 

Blackboxstocks, the Blackboxstocks design logo and the trademark or service marks of Blackboxstocks, Inc. appearing in this Report are the property of Blackboxstocks, Inc. Trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies that may appear in this report are the property of their respective holders. We have omitted the and designations, as applicable, for the trademarks used in this Report. 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

When used in this Report, the words may, will, expect, anticipate, continue, estimate, intend, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act regarding events, conditions and financial trends which may affect the Company s future plans of operations, business strategy, operating results and financial position. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties described herein and actual results may differ materially from those included within the forward-looking statements. Additional factors are described in the Company s other public reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release the result of any revision of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

This Report contains certain estimates and plans related to us and the industry in which we operate, which assume certain events, trends and activities will occur and the projected information based on those assumptions. We do not know that all of our assumptions are accurate. If our assumptions are wrong about any events, trends and activities, then our estimates for future growth for our business may also be wrong. There can be no assurance that any of our estimates as to our business growth will be achieved. 

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes associated with them contained elsewhere in this Report. This discussion should not be construed to imply that the results discussed in this Report will necessarily continue into the future or that any conclusion reached in this Report will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the future. The discussion represents only the best assessment of management. 

1

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

Overview of Business 

We have developed a financial technology and social media hybrid platform offering real-time proprietary analytics and news for stock and options traders of all levels combined with a social media element and educational materials. Our web-based platform and native iOS and Android applications (the Blackbox System employ predictive technology enhanced by artificial intelligence to find volatility and unusual market activity that may result in the rapid change in the price of a stock or option. We continuously scan the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), NASDAQ, Chicago Board Options Exchange (the CBOE and other options markets, analyzing over 10,000 stocks and over 1,500,000 options contracts multiple times per second. We provide our subscribing members with a fully interactive social media platform that is integrated into our dashboard, enabling our members to exchange information and ideas quickly and efficiently through a common network. We believe that the Blackbox System is a disruptive financial technology platform that uniquely integrates proprietary analytics with a community supported by a broadcast enabled social media system which connects traders of all kinds worldwide on an intuitive and user-friendly platform. 

Our goal is to provide retail investors with the type of sophisticated trading tools that were previously available only to large institutional hedge funds and high-frequency traders together with an interactive community of traders and investors of all levels at an affordable price. We also strive to provide these trading tools in a user-friendly format that does not require complicated configurations by the user. 

We employ a subscription-based Software as a Service SaaS business model and maintain a growing base of members that spans 42 countries. We currently offer monthly subscriptions to our platform for 99 per month and annual subscriptions for 959 per year. 

2

Table of Contents 

Our Mission 

Our mission is to provide powerful proprietary analytics in a simple and concise format to level the playing field for the average retail investor. We strive to educate our members through our live trading community as well as our scheduled, calendared classes with live instructors. We want every member to feel they are part of a team with the goal of improving financial literacy. We believe that we are the antithesis of the trading guru platforms that feature a trading or investing expert that charges for what are often expensive courses. We do not charge for our classes. We do not upsell our members. All education and community programs are free with the subscription to our platform. 

Revenue Model 

We generate revenue from a software as a service (or SaaS) model whereby members pay either an annual or monthly fee for a subscription to our platform. We do not currently offer more than one level of subscription with varying levels of features. All members have full access to all of the features and educational resources of our platform. 

Monthly subscriptions are currently priced at 99 and annual subscriptions are currently priced at 959 (a discount of 241). We occasionally offer gift cards and promotional discounts on our subscriptions. 

Development of the Blackbox System 

The Blackbox System was launched and made available for use to subscribing customers worldwide in September 2016. The initial product was a web-based platform focused on providing proprietary analytics and broadcast enabled social media for our community of members. In 2022 we launched full-featured native iOS and Android applications. Our product offering is comprised of three key elements: stock and options trading analytics, social media interaction, and educational programs and resources. 

Stock and Options Trading Analytics 

Our preconfigured dashboard is designed to be simple and easy to navigate and includes real-time proprietary alerts, stock and options scanners, financial news, institutional grade charting, and our proprietary analytics that can be utilized by traders of all levels. Our Blackbox System populates the stock and option data in real time and provides a wide range analytics and tools for traders. We offer many of the standard market tool features used by traders but differentiate our product with an array of unique proprietary features and derived data. These proprietary features are designed to filter out market noise and locate, in real-time, specific stocks and options that are likely to become market movers. 

3

Table of Contents 

Standard Features 

 (Including but not limited to) 

Real Time NYSE/NASDAQ/OTC Market Data 

Real Time OPRA Options Trade Data 

Real Time Streaming Market News Feed 

Symbol Specific News 

Options News and Upgrades/Downgrades 

Institutional Grade Charts 

Multi-Chart Capability 

Earnings and Dividend Dates 

Daily Advancers / Decliners Scanner 

User-specific Watch List 

Proprietary Features 

 (Including but not limited to) 

Real Time Algorithm Driven Stock Options Alerts 

User Defined Symbol Specific Alert Criteria 

Options Flow Scanner / Heatmap 

Pre-Configured Pre/Post Market Scanners 

Stock and Option Volume Ratio Scanner 

Volatility Indicator 

Added in 2022: 

Dark Pool Analysis 

Insider Buying Analysis 

Gamma Exposure 

FINRA Short Interest Analysis 

Net Options Delta and Dollar Flow 

Feature Rich Text- and Audio-based Social Media Components 

In 2022, we added several new proprietary studies to the Blackbox system to help both options and stock traders. These studies encompass advanced data tools with real time data that are easy for traders of all levels to use. 

Dark Pool Analysis : we added dark pool trades on our charting system that updates in real time. Dark Pools are privately organized financial forums or exchanges for securities trading. Using our system, traders can easily see levels where large institutions or funds are trading. The Dark Pool Volume Profile is an indicator that visually displays a Dark Pool transaction directly on to the chart. The Volume Profile bar is overlayed at the price level at which the Dark Pool transaction is executed. The length of the volume profile is a visual representation of the share size of the dark pool transaction. The Dark Pool Volume Profile will also display historical activity when you change the time frame. 

Insider Buying Analysis : we use the EDGAR portal to access all Form 4 s filed and update our charts where you find insiders buying stocks. This is a powerful tool for traders to easily see where the insiders or management are buying. 

Gamma Exposure (GEX): Gamma is a measure of the rate of change of an options delta and it represents the rate at which an options delta will change as the price of the underlying changes. This proprietary study tracks the Gamma levels of all strike prices in real time by displaying a green/red bar at the strike prices. The day opens with the gamma levels from Open Interest and will adjust accordingly throughout the day as options are bought and sold. Finding the largest levels of Gamma Exposure (GEX) can serve as potential levels of support and/or resistance. 

4

Table of Contents 

FINRA Short Interest Analysis: all the FINRA short interest data for stocks is plotted on our charts to let traders see how the shorting ratio of trades in the dark pools has changed over time. 

Net Options Delta and Dollar Flow: This BlackBox proprietary study shows you the daily Net Options Delta (NOD) on a ticker. The delta of a net options position is the ratio of the change in the value of the position to the change in the price of the underlying asset. In other words, it is a measure of how much the value of the options position will change for a small change in the price of the underlying asset. Every single option trade is calculated in real time and the NOD of the stock is updated. This is further broken down into Put and Call NOD. Options dollar flow is a metric that measures the net flow of money into or out of options contracts. It is calculated by taking the difference between the total premium paid for call options and the total premium paid for put options. Positive dollar flow indicates a bullish sentiment, where in turn a negative dollar flow would indicate a bearish sentiment. This proprietary BlackBox study breaks down the dollar flow into three expiration time frames from near term, monthly and total. 

Brokerage Integrations 

We have trading integrations with the online brokerages E Trade and TradeStation. These integrations allow our members to execute trades through E Trade or TradeStation directly from the Blackbox platform. Our members that use this integration feature have access to certain custom tools. One of these tools is a quick-click feature that loads our system s stock and options alerts with two simple clicks, greatly reducing the time it takes for order entry. This feature is especially helpful for the order entry of option contracts, as they are detailed, lengthy, and cumbersome to enter. The system has been designed to quickly integrate with new brokers and we intend to expand the number of brokerages with whom we have trading integrations in the future. 

Education 

We offer all members full access to our curriculum of classes, orientations, and live market sessions. All of our education programs are free to our members. Our curriculum includes classes for beginner, intermediate, and advanced-level traders. We believe education is vital to increasing the probability of our members long term success in the markets. We have many regularly calendared live webinars, Q A sessions, as well as recorded classes. In addition to our regularly calendared classes, we often feature ad hoc classes taught by seasoned members of our community. The educators of these classes often specialize in specific market sectors or trading strategies. Classes and webinar events offered to our members include but are not limited to: 

Beginner 

Intermediate 

Advanced 

Trading With Swan 

Dark Pool Basics 

Options Adjustments 

Intro to the Market 

Technical Analysis 101 

Understanding options for a Bull Bear Market 

Charting 101 

Blackbox Trading System -Stocks 

Options Strategies for Higher Volatility 

Stock Basics 

Blackbox Trading System -Options 

Insights for Options Core Concepts 

Understanding Options Flow 

Short Term Options Explained 

Implied Historical Volatility 

Options Pricing Explained 

In addition to our internal curriculum, we have partnered with the Options Industry Council (OIC), a nonprofit organization funded by the Options Clearing Corporation (OCC) with the mission of providing the investing public a better understanding of the options markets. Classes taught by the OIC to our members include but are not limited to: 

The Greeks Part I 

The Greeks Part II 

Implied Volatility 

Short Term Options Explained 

Options Pricing Explained 

5

Table of Contents 

One of the most attractive aspects of our education program is that the classes are taught by members of our community. The student members who take these are often familiar with the instructor from following them in live trading channels on our platform. We believe this familiarity often brings an element of authenticity and heightened engagement increasing the success of these educational endeavors as well as adding to the community aspect of our platform. 

The Blackbox Advantage 

A principal component to our platform is the flexibility to provide members intuitive yet powerful technical analytics that scale with user knowledge. Our preconfigured dashboard defaults to a general setting that is designed to be easy for new members to navigate. Within this same dashboard we provide a multitude of toggles and filters for more sophisticated traders to allow them to implement custom features for their more advanced trading strategies. Most importantly, our live community consisting of thousands of traders creates a real-time community curated support system whereby seasoned traders often mentor newer members. We believe this is one of the primary strengths and differentiators of our platform. Although we offer a complete curriculum of scheduled classes weekly, the live interaction amongst our members proves to be invaluable. We believe this is due to the level of excitement created when new members can watch seasoned members of the community making trades in real time and providing an accompanying narrative. In addition to the educational component, the community element of our platform harnesses a powerful dynamic that can be described as the best of man and machine . Our powerful algorithm technology scans the NYSE, NASDAQ, CBOE and other options exchanges to find market volatility and anomalies and displays them on a common dashboard shared across the globe. With thousands of eyes on this data, our members can quickly interact and form a consensus on the trading opportunity at hand. 

Our Market Opportunity 

The global COVID-19 pandemic of 2020 stimulated significant change for online technologies including financial and trading related companies such as Blackbox. More than 10 million new brokerage accounts were opened by individuals in 2020 more than ever in one year, according to Devin Ryan, an analyst at JMP Securities. This newfound interest in the market was very positive for us as our user base grew rapidly in the first quarter of 2021. The combination of an influx of new investors as well as the tendency for those new investors to gravitate towards innovative financial technology have been positive long term macro-economic trends for us. 

It is difficult to quantify the number of people that can be classified as day traders, since the term is somewhat ambiguous, especially since there has been a large influx of self-directed investors in 2020 and 2021. The two types of traders often overlap and separating these demographics can be difficult. Recent data suggest the following size for this growing market: 

20 : One in 5 people in the U.S. invested in stocks, or mutual funds, in the final three months of 2020, up from 15 in the second quarter, a Conference Board survey showed. Harry Robertson, Business Insider, Feb 10, 2021 

31 YEARS: The median age of user of Robinhood, one of the original commission-free online brokerages. More young adults are joining. Apex Clearing, which helps facilitate trades for brokerages, told Reuters around 1 million of new accounts it opened last year belonged to Gen Z investors, with an average age of 19. John McCrank, Reuters Jan 29, 2021 

~ 15.5 TRILLION: Total client assets at two of the top retail-focused brokerages. Fidelity Investments had 8.8 trillion in customer assets at the end of the third quarter, up from 8.3 trillion at the end of 2019. Schwab had 6.69 trillion in client assets as of Dec. 31, and 29.6 million brokerage accounts, up 66 and 140 , respectively, from a year earlier. John McCrank, Reuters Jan 29, 2021 

We believe that the market opportunity for the technology that we have developed and targeted towards day traders can be utilized for self-directed investors as well as institutions -a substantially broader market. We intend to develop mobile applications for self-directed investors that provide them with financial information and data that is not commonly provided by retail brokers. Our first product aimed at this initiative will be Stock Nanny (see New Products below). We also intend to market our technologies to institutional financial companies for integration into their existing products or for sub-licensing to their customers. 

6

Table of Contents 

Recent Technology and Development Initiatives 

We continually upgrade our platform to provide the best user experience and maximum value for our members. Many of the new features or improvements to our existing features are suggested by our members. Much of our platform is community curated and we take pride in collaborating with and implementing the suggestions from our members that use our system every day. 

Development of Native Applications for iOS and Android 

We currently have fully-featured native applications for iOS and Android devices which were released in April of 2022. We believe this app has been especially useful for the many new members that joined when they worked from home during the COVID lockdowns and returned to the workplace. We believe that our mobile applications provide our members additional flexibility in their ability to access our platform when away from a desktop computer. 

Platform Upgrades 

Since the end of 2021, we have made significant upgrades and changes to our platform. We launched version 2.0 of the application which was a complete rewrite of the application front-end and overhaul of the backend to take advantage of modern technology capabilities that were widely unavailable when the product was initially released. This resulted in much better performance, a smaller resource footprint, and improved reliability and scale. Other development initiatives included the ability to view multiple charts, an enhanced social media capability, and enhanced charting studies, which include additions of new features or indicators such as our Go-NoGo indicator, gamma exposure, net options delta and others. 

We believe that technological developments to the Blackbox System and platform have been and will continue to be critical to the success of our company. Although we have experienced significant growth and received positive feedback from our members, we believe adding these new technology sets in parallel will be significant drivers of future growth. 

New Products 

We intend to leverage our existing financial technology platform and data resources for the creation of new and unique products to serve our existing subscribers, as well as address a broader market. We currently have a vast array of derived data that we believe will be extremely useful to self-directed investors as well the day traders and swing traders that we currently cater to. We believe the self-directed investor demographic is significantly larger than that of day traders and swing traders and presents an enormous opportunity for our growth. 

Stock Nanny 

We are currently developing a new product named Stock Nanny in the form of a mobile app for iOS and Android that will provide real-time portfolio alerts for a broad demographic of investors. Many of these alerts are a product of derived data currently generated on the Blackbox platform. This app will be designed to integrate with online brokerage platforms and allow the user to import their current stock positions and stocks on their watchlist into our app. We believe these alerts will be extremely useful for portfolio management, loss mitigation, and other investment strategies. We plan to provide extensive menu options to allow the user to customize this application to their specific needs. This will be a stand-alone product and we plan to target all self-directed retail investors, not just day traders or swing traders allowing the Company to address a much broader segment of the market. We expect to release this product in the second quarter of 2023. 

7

Table of Contents 

Enterprise Products for Professionals 

We do not currently market to persons or entities deemed by the exchanges as professional traders or financial institutions. A professional trader is generally defined by the exchanges as a person that: 

Is registered or qualified with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Commodities Futures Trading Commission, any state securities agency, any securities exchange or association, or any commodities or futures contract market or association. 

Is engaged as an investment advisor as that term is defined in Section 201(11) of the Investment Advisor's Act of 1940 (whether or not registered or qualified under that Act). 

Is employed by a bank or another organization that is exempt from registration under Federal and/or state securities laws to perform functions that would require him or her to be so registered or qualified if he or she were to perform such functions for an organization not so exempt. 

The exchanges charge a substantial premium for their data to users who meet the criteria described above. In addition to the higher rates, the onboarding and subsequent approval process by these exchanges is cumbersome and not easily accomplished solely through an online process. We are currently working with our data provider and the individual exchanges to develop a streamlined digital onboarding process. We believe this will allow us to expand our reach to the financial professional market that we do not currently service. We believe our existing platform s features will be well received by investment professionals once we are able to mitigate regulatory and pricing hurdles. In addition, we are targeting providing access to our products or subsets of our systems to financial institutions. Poor market performance in 2022 presented significant challenges to retail oriented companies in our industry including us. In order to provide different and more stable revenue streams, we believe it is important for us to use our existing technology base as a basis to develop new revenue streams from professional and institutional customers 

Cryptocurrency Analytics Platform 

We have been working on a quotation system and trading integration partnership that will allow our members to trade cryptocurrency through the Blackbox Cryptos platform. This new platform will include the same interactive social media component we provide to members of our current Blackbox platform. As a result of the significant disruption in cryptocurrency markets during 2022 including significant declines in the prices of most major cryptocurrencies as well as the widely publicized collapse of FTX amid serious allegations of fraud and wrongdoing by its founder Sam Bankman-Fried, we have postponed completion and introduction of this product pending additional market stabilization. 

Additional Exchanges in Major Markets 

We plan to expand into other markets and create products similar to our Blackbox System that provide proprietary analytics for people trading on other major exchanges in the world. Exchanges we are exploring include the Indian Stock markets (BSE and NSE), Canadian Securities Exchange (CSE), Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX), Brasilian BOVESPA, Frankfurt Stock Exchange (FWB) and the London Stock Exchange (LSE). We are also exploring expansion into China with focus on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (HKSE) and the mainland Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SZSE). We may execute on this strategy by marketing to or partnering with large financial firms in one or more of those respective markets. 

While all of these exchanges utilize their national language, we believe they use substantially similar technology protocols making it relatively seamless for us to replicate our system in any of these markets. Members of the Company s management team have prior experience developing trading platforms in multiple markets, including but not limited to the LSE, Tokyo Stock Exchange and Brasilian BOVESPA. We have extensive experience working with global data providers that provide real-time market data for any of these exchanges. Our algorithms are designed to import these feeds and process the raw data necessary to produce our proprietary analytics. 

8

Table of Contents 

Marketing of the Blackbox System 

We launched our Blackbox System and platform for use in the United States and made it available to subscribers in September 2016. Use of the platform is sold on a monthly or annual subscription basis to individual consumers through our website at https://blackboxstocks.com. We believe our Blackbox System subscriptions are priced competitively with similar web-based trading tools. We primarily use a combination of digital marketing campaigns and customer referral compensation plans in our advertising program. Our digital advertising efforts are comprised of display and video ads, along with banner and text ads across multiple search and social platforms. We also utilize targeted email marketing and a strategic global marketing campaign for brand awareness. We believe that this form of advertising has been and will continue to be effective in attracting subscribers. We continuously monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of specific social media platforms and allocate marketing funds accordingly. We also promote our subscriptions through an established compensated customer referral program. We offer certain subscribers the right to promote the Blackbox System and receive referral fees for subscribers generated from such subscribers effort. Generally, we pay referring subscribers 25 for each subscription generated and 25 for each month the subscriber continues their subscription. We incurred 379,353 and 515,580 in customer referral expenditures in each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect to continue utilizing the customer referral sales program as it has proven to be an extremely efficient form of advertising. Our advertising and marketing expense was 1,468,702 and 1,250,882 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We intend to continue to deploy a significant amount of marketing funds on both digital campaigns and customer referral programs in the future. In addition, we may also utilize television and radio advertising. In March of 2023, we introduced Blackbox Beat, a weekly show featuring some of our team traders discussing current financial and trading topics of interest to our traders. Blackbox Beat is currently on YouTube and represents a new marketing and branding initiative designed to provide greater exposure to our platform and our people. 

Our marketing of products targeted toward institutional customers is anticipated to rely less on the current digital marketing that we have historically utilized and is not expected to utilize affiliate marketing strategies. 

Industry Partners and Relationships 

We have several arrangements and agreements with financial industry partners that encompass marketing partnerships, educational resources and licenses. We believe our relationship with large well-known brokerage firms enhance our credibility and provide added value to our members. Among these partnerships are marketing agreements with TD Ameritrade, E TRADE and TastyTrade whereby these firms provide us with a referral fee for new accounts that we bring to them as well as offering our members discounted commissions on options trades. The referral fees are not currently material to our revenue but we believe the that our initial relationship with these firms is significant and provides us with an opportunity to expand these relationships to bring greater value to our members. 

We have agreements with E Trade and TradeStation permitting the integration of our platform with their brokerage platforms. These integrations allow our users to trade directly from our platform using their E Trade or TradeStation account. In addition, TradeStation advertises our platform to 140,000 users through its webinars and in their internal app store. We believe the ability to enable our members to execute trades with third party brokers without having to leave our platform is particularly valuable to options traders who are able to execute more complicated orders without having to re-enter option contract information on another platform. We intend to integrate our platform with other brokers. 

Industry partnerships such as the one we have with Options Industry Council, a non-profit entity funded by the Options Clearing Corp. also help provide our members with added educational benefits. 

Data Suppliers 

We contract with data suppliers and aggregators to provide our subscribers real time access to most major newswires, historical charting data and the real time stock and options data that drive the backend algorithms. We currently maintain servers connected with our stock and options data provider and utilize an Amazon Web Services (AWS) network as a backup. 

9

Table of Contents 

Intellectual Property 

We rely on a combination of trademark and copyright laws, trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and other contractual provisions to protect our proprietary rights, which are primarily our brand names, product coding and marks. The Company has not yet registered any trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property associated with our business. 

Government Regulation and Approvals 

We offer our subscribing customers a trading tool and not a trading platform, broker dealer or exchange, and therefore we do not believe we are subject to regulatory oversight by the SEC, FINRA or other financial regulatory agencies. We are not aware of any governmental regulations or approvals required for the marketing or use of our Blackbox System or the services provided. 

We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business. Many of these laws and regulations are still evolving and being tested in courts, and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business including, but not limited to, privacy, data protection and personal information, rights of publicity, content, intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, data security, data retention and deletion, and other communications, protection of minors, consumer protection, telecommunications, product liability, taxation, economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions, anti-corruption law compliance and securities law compliance. In particular, we are subject to federal, state and foreign laws regarding privacy and protection of people's data. Foreign data protection, privacy, content and other laws and regulations can impose different obligations or be more restrictive than those in the United States. U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. As a result, the application, interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. 

Competition 

We operate in a highly competitive environment. Although, we believe that our Blackbox System is the only platform that has successfully merged a comprehensive analytics system or scanner and a social media platform within the same dashboard allowing members to view the same real-time data in parallel, there are a number of companies that offer one or more features that are similar to or attempt to address the same market as we do. Some of these competitors have financial and other resources that are significantly greater than ours. The greatest amount of competition exists within products that provide trading analytics often referred to as scanners . We compete with these entities based on a number of factors including price, ease of use, standard features and proprietary features (if applicable). Ultimately, we believe the primary factor used in evaluating the trading analytics by any platform is the user s ability to derive actionable information from that platform. This is where we believe our proprietary features differentiate the Blackbox System. 

In addition to these technical tools, there are also a number of social media platforms that provide forums for traders and investors at little or no cost. The integration of our social media component within our platform creates a community that we believe is significantly superior to stand alone social media sites. Our members are able to interact and discuss ideas while viewing the same dashboard as opposed to having to switch back and forth between applications. 

The final component to our platform is education. There are numerous standalone investment and trading applications, books, seminars and courses offered at many different price points. These products compete based on price, perceived value, level of sophistication and reputation among other factors. We offer our courses at no additional charge to our subscribers. In addition, we believe that our social media community provides our more experienced traders the opportunity to mentor newer traders which in turn contributes to the community environment we have developed. 

10

Table of Contents 

In spite of these factors that differentiate us, we believe the following companies may be considered competitors due to similar product features and retail price points: Trade Ideas, Flow Algo and Trade Alert. Companies with social media platforms dedicated to financial markets include Stock Twits and Wall Street Bets. 

Employees 

As of April 6, 2023, the Company has fourteen full-time employees. We also currently have eighteen contract workers that primarily serve as team traders on our Blackbox System platform or developers. 

None of our employees are represented by a labor organization, and we are not a party to any collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages and consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

We believe that our future success will depend in part on our continued ability to hire, motivate and retain qualified management, sales, marketing, and technical personnel. To date, we have not experienced significant difficulties in attracting or retaining qualified employees. 

Corporate Information 

Our principal executive offices are located at 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485, Dallas, Texas 75240, and our telephone number is (972) 726-9203. Our website is https://blackboxstocks.com . The information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this Report on Form 10-K. We have included our website address as an inactive textual reference only. 

Additional Information 

We file annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on a regular basis, and disclose certain material events in current reports on Form 8-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge on our investor relations section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The SEC also maintains an Internet website that contains reports and other information regarding issuers, such as Blackboxstocks, that can be filed electronically with the SEC. The SEC's Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov . 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Report, including our financial statements and related notes, before deciding to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business or results of operations. 

11

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

We may not be able to satisfy listing requirements of Nasdaq or maintain a listing of our common stock on Nasdaq. 

On October 25, 2022, we received a written notification (the Notification Letter from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Nasdaq that we were not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirements set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed securities to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share, and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) provides that a failure to meet the minimum bid price requirement exists if the deficiency continues for a period of 30 consecutive business days. We have until April 24, 2023, to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). To regain compliance, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock must be at least 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days. In the event the Company does not regain compliance by April 24, 2023, the Company may then be eligible for additional 180 days if it meets the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and will need to provide written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period. If the Company does not qualify for the second compliance period or fails to regain compliance during the second compliance period, then Nasdaq will notify the Company of its determination to delist the Company s common stock, at which point the Company will have an opportunity to appeal the delisting determination to a Hearings Panel. On March 14, 2023 our Board of Directors unanimously approved an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation, as amended to date, effecting a reverse split of the Company s Common Stock at a ratio of up to one-for-seven, with our Board of Directors being authorized to determine the exact ratio within such range. On April 10, 2023, we implemented the reverse split at a ratio of one for four. Although the Company believes that the reverse split will increase the price of our stock, we cannot guarantee that the price of our stock will change or change enough for us to regain compliance with Nasdaq listing rules. 

We are required to meet certain financial and liquidity criteria to maintain our Nasdaq listing. If we violate Nasdaq listing requirements, our common stock may be delisted. If we fail to meet any of Nasdaq s listing standards, our common stock may be delisted. In addition, our board of directors may determine that the cost of maintaining our listing on a national securities exchange outweighs the benefits of such listing. A delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq may materially impair our stockholders ability to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect on the market price of, and the efficiency of the trading market for, our common stock. The delisting of our common stock would significantly impair our ability to raise capital and the value of your investment. 

If our shares of securities become subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. 

The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. If we do not retain a listing on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange and if the price of our common stock is less than 5.00, our common stock could be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock, and therefore stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 

Fluctuations in our quarterly revenues may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

Our operating results have varied significantly from quarter to quarter in the past, and we expect our operating results to vary from quarter to quarter in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. Therefore, if revenues are below our expectations, this shortfall is likely to adversely and disproportionately affect our operating results. Accordingly, we may not attain positive operating margins in future quarters. Any of these factors could cause our operating results to be below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which likely would negatively affect the price of our common stock. 

12

Table of Contents 

W e are a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, qualify for, and may elect to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that provide protection to the stockholders of companies that are subject to such corporate governance requirements. 

Gust C. Kepler, who serves as a director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, beneficially owns more than 50 of the voting power for the election of members of our board of directors. As a result, we are and will continue to be a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of the Nasdaq rules. Under these rules, a listed company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain of Nasdaq s corporate governance requirements. 

As a controlled company, we may rely on certain exemptions from the Nasdaq standards that may enable us not to comply with certain Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. As a consequence, in the event that we elect to rely on certain exemptions from the Nasdaq standards provided to controlled companies, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, you should not rely on an investment in our common stock as a source for any future dividend income. Our board of directors has complete discretion as to whether to declare dividends. Even if our board of directors decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements, our financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

If we fail to effectively manage our growth, we may be unable to execute our business plan, adequately address competitive challenges or maintain our corporate culture, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 

Since commencement of our increased advertisement spend in February 2020, we have experienced rapid growth and we continue to rapidly and significantly expand our operations. While we have experienced significant revenue growth in prior periods, it is not necessarily indicative of our future revenue growth. Nevertheless, this expansion increases the complexity of our business and places significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. 

In the event of continued growth of our operations, our information technology systems and our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations. To effectively manage our growth, we must continue to improve our operational, financial, and management processes and systems and to effectively expand, train, and manage our employee base. As our organization continues to grow and we are required to implement more complex organizational management structures, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the benefits of our corporate culture, including our ability to quickly develop and launch new and innovative platform and system enhancements. This could negatively affect our business performance. 

We expect to invest heavily in growing our business, which may cause our sales and marketing, research and development, and other margins to decline. 

Our historical rate of growth may not be sustainable or indicative of our future rate of growth. We believe that our continued growth in revenue, as well as our ability to improve or maintain margins and profitability, will depend upon, among other factors, our ability to address the challenges, risks, and difficulties described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section and the extent to which our various service offerings grow and contribute to our results of operations. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to successfully manage any such challenges or risks to our future growth. In addition, our customer base may not continue to grow or may decline due to a variety of possible risks, including increased competition, changes in the regulatory landscape, and the maturation of our business. Any of these factors could cause our revenue growth to decline and may adversely affect our margins and profitability. Failure to continue our revenue growth or margin improvement could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should not rely on our historical rate of revenue growth as an indication of our future performance. 

13

Table of Contents 

If we do not continue to attract new subscriber customers, or if existing customers do not renew their subscriptions, or renew on less favorable terms, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In order to grow our business, we must continually attract new subscribing customers and reduce the level of non-renewals in our business. Our ability to do so depends in large part on the success of our sales and marketing efforts. We may not accurately predict future trends with respect to rates of customer renewals. Our subscribing customer base may decline or fluctuate due to a number of factors, including the prices of our subscriptions, the prices of services offered by our competitors and the efficacy and cost-effectiveness of our solutions. If we are unable to retain and increase sales of our Blackbox System platform to existing subscribing customers or attract new ones for any of the reasons above or for other reasons, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

In order to achieve profitability, we must increase revenue levels. 

We need to increase current revenue levels by increasing paid subscriptions to our Blackbox System platform or develop additional revenue sources from new products if we are to attain and maintain consistent profitability. If we are unable to achieve increased revenue levels, losses could continue for the near term and possibly longer, and we may not attain profitability or generate positive cash flow from operations in the future. 

We intend to introduce new products and services. There can be no assurance that we will be able to introduce such products and services effectively or profitably. 

We intend to expand our product and service offering including the introduction of products and services which employ and expand upon our current proprietary system and technology. These products and services are expected to include applications targeted for investors who are not day traders or swing traders and products designed for professional traders. We expect to introduce these products and services in 2023 and spend significant capital on advertising and marketing of the products and services. If we are unable to generate significant revenue from this or other new products and services, we may incur significant operating losses. 

We expect to face increasing competition in the market for our platform and services. 

We face significant competition and we expect such competition to increase. Our industry and the markets we serve are evolving rapidly and becoming increasingly competitive. Larger and more established companies may focus on our markets and could directly compete with us. Smaller companies could also launch new platforms and services that compete with us and that could gain market acceptance quickly. We also expect our existing competitors in the markets to continue to focus on these areas. A number of these companies may have greater financial, technological, and other resources than we do and greater name recognition than us, which may enable them to compete more effectively. Specifically, we believe the following companies to be direct competitors: Trade Ideas, Flow Algo, and Trade Alert. Companies with social media platforms dedicated to financial markets include Stock Twits and Wall Street Bets. Our competitors may announce new products, services, or enhancements that better address changing industry standards or the needs of our customers, such as mobile access. Any such increased competition could cause pricing pressure, loss of market share, or decreased customer engagement, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

While our industry and our business has seen accelerated growth as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, it has also adversely affected some aspects of our business and could have an adverse effect on our business in the future. 

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, our business, and the digital financial services industry in general, has seen accelerated growth, but we have also experienced disruptions, such as the impact on the ability of our customer support and operations teams, both internal and third-party, to service customer needs quickly due to longer wait times and the impact on our ability to hire personnel quickly, that could severely impact our business, our services, global currency exchange rates, local and global labor markets, and the global economy. 

14

Table of Contents 

If we are not able to maintain and enhance our reputation and brand recognition, our business, financial conditions and results of operations will be harmed. 

We believe that maintaining and enhancing our reputation and brand recognition is critical to our relationships with existing subscribing customers and our ability to attract new subscribing customers. The promotion of our brand may require us to make substantial investments and we anticipate that, as our market becomes increasingly competitive, these marketing initiatives may become increasingly difficult and expensive. Our marketing activities may not be successful or yield increased revenue, and to the extent that these activities yield increased revenue, the increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur, and our results of operations could be harmed. In addition, any factor that diminishes our reputation or that of our management, including failing to meet the expectations of our customers, could make it substantially more difficult for us to attract new customers. Similarly, because our subscribing customers often act as references for us with prospective new customers, any existing customer that questions the quality of our work or that of our employees could impair our ability to secure additional new customers. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our reputation and brand recognition with our customers, our business may not grow and we could lose these relationships, which would harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth included in this report may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the markets in which we compete achieve the forecasted growth, our business may not grow at similar rates, or at all. 

Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts included in this report are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates which may not prove to be accurate. The estimates and forecasts included in this report relating to size and expected growth of our target market may prove to be inaccurate. Even if the markets in which we compete meet the size estimates and growth forecasts included in this report, our business may not grow at similar rates, or at all. Our growth is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. 

We rely on software-as-a-service, or SaaS, technologies from third parties. 

We rely on SaaS technologies from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business, including financial management services, relationship management services, marketing services and data storage services. Some of our vendor agreements may be unilaterally terminated by the counterparty for convenience. If these services become unavailable due to contract cancellations, extended outages or interruptions, because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices, or for any other reason, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage our finances could be interrupted, our processes for managing our offerings and supporting our consumers and partners could be impaired, and our ability to access or save data stored to the cloud may be impaired until equivalent services, if available, are identified, obtained, and implemented, all of which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Any restrictions on our use of, or ability to license data, or our failure to license data and integrate third-party technologies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We depend upon licenses from third parties for some of the technology and data used in our applications, and for some of the technology platforms upon which these applications are built and operate. We expect that we may need to obtain additional licenses from third parties in the future in connection with the development of our solutions and services. In addition, we obtain a portion of the data that we use from various securities and option exchanges. We believe that we have all rights necessary to use the data that is incorporated into our solutions and services. However, we cannot assure you that our licenses for information will allow us to use that information for all potential or contemplated applications and solutions. 

In the future, data providers could withdraw their data from us or restrict our usage for any reason, including if there is a competitive reason to do so, if legislation is passed restricting the use of the data, or if judicial interpretations are issued restricting use of the data that we currently use in our solutions and services. If a substantial number of data providers were to withdraw or restrict their data and if we are unable to identify and contract with suitable alternative data suppliers and integrate these data sources into our service offerings, our ability to provide solutions and services to our subscribing customers would be materially adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

15

Table of Contents 

We also integrate into our proprietary applications and use third-party software to maintain and enhance, among other things, content generation and delivery, and to support our technology infrastructure. Our use of third-party technologies exposes us to increased risks, including, but not limited to, risks associated with the integration of new technology into our solutions, the diversion of our resources from development of our own proprietary technology, and our inability to generate revenue from licensed technology sufficient to offset associated acquisition and maintenance costs. These technologies may not be available to us in the future on commercially reasonable terms or at all and could be difficult to replace once integrated into our own proprietary applications. Most of these licenses can be renewed only by mutual consent and may be terminated if we breach the terms of the license and fail to cure the breach within a specified period of time. Our inability to obtain, maintain, or comply with any of these licenses could delay development until equivalent technology can be identified, licensed, and integrated, which would harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Most of our third-party licenses are non-exclusive and our competitors may obtain the right to use any of the technology covered by these licenses to compete directly with us. If our data suppliers choose to discontinue support of the licensed technology in the future, we might not be able to modify or adapt our own solutions. 

We are dependent on a limited number of key executives and employees, the loss of which could negatively impact our business. 

Our business is led by our CEO Gust Kepler and a small group of key employees. The loss of one or more of these executives could negatively impact our business. 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

We may not be able to halt the operations of entities that copy our intellectual property or that aggregate our data as well as data from other companies, including social networks, or copycat online services that may misappropriate our data. These activities could harm our brand and our business. 

From time to time, third parties may try to access content or data from our networks through scraping, robots, or other means and use this content and data or combine this content and data with other content and data as part of their services. These activities could degrade our brand, negatively impact our platform and system performance and harm our business. We have employed contractual, technological or legal measures in an attempt to halt unauthorized activities, but these measures may not be successful. In addition, if our customers do not comply with our terms of service, they also may be able to abuse our tools, solutions, and services and provide access to our solutions and content to unauthorized users. We may not be able to detect any or all of these types of activities in a timely manner and, even if we could, technological and legal measures may be insufficient to stop these actions. In some cases, particularly in the case of online services operating from outside of the United States, our available legal remedies may not be adequate to protect our business against such activities. Regardless of whether we can successfully enforce our rights against these parties, any measures that we may take could require us to expend significant financial or other resources. 

Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our commercial success depends on our ability to develop and commercialize our platform, products and services and use our proprietary technology without infringing the intellectual property or proprietary rights of third parties. From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business with respect to intellectual property. We are not currently subject to any material claims from third parties asserting infringement of their intellectual property rights. 

16

Table of Contents 

Intellectual property disputes can be costly to defend and may cause our business, operating results, and financial condition to suffer. Whether merited or not, we have in the past and may in the future face allegations that we, our partners, our licensees, or parties indemnified by us have infringed or otherwise violated the patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights of third parties. Such claims may be made by competitors seeking to obtain a competitive advantage or by other parties. Some third parties may be able to sustain the costs of complex litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Moreover, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. Assertions by third parties that we violate their intellectual property rights could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Failure to maintain, protect, or enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our business and results of operations. 

We may pursue the registration of our domain names, trademarks, and service marks in the United States. We also strive to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state, and common law rights, as well as contractual restrictions. We typically enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information. However, we may not be successful in executing these agreements with every party who has access to our confidential information or contributes to the development of our technology or intellectual property rights. Those agreements that we do execute may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. These contractual arrangements and the other steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not prevent the misappropriation or disclosure of our proprietary information nor deter independent development of similar technology or intellectual property by others. 

Effective trade secret, patent, copyright, trademark and domain name protection is expensive to obtain, develop and maintain, both in terms of initial and ongoing registration or prosecution requirements and expenses and the costs of defending our rights. We have invested in and may, over time, increase our investment in protecting our intellectual property through patent filings that could be expensive and time-consuming. Our trademarks and other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. We have not yet applied for or obtained any issued patents that provide protection for our technology or products. Moreover, any issued patents we may obtain may not provide us with a competitive advantage and, as with any technology, competitors may be able to develop similar or superior technologies to our own, now or in the future. In addition, due to a recent U.S. Supreme Court case, it has become increasingly difficult to obtain and assert patents relating to software or business methods, as many such patents have been invalidated for being too abstract to constitute patent-eligible subject matter. We do not know whether this will affect our ability to obtain patents on our innovations, or successfully assert any patents we may pursue in litigation or pre-litigation campaigns. 

Monitoring unauthorized use of the content on our platform, and our other intellectual property and technology, is difficult and costly. Our efforts to protect our proprietary rights and intellectual property may not have been and may not be adequate to prevent their misappropriation or misuse. Third parties, including our competitors, could be infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights. We may not be successful in stopping unauthorized use of our content or other intellectual property or technology. Further, we may not have been and may not be able to detect unauthorized use of our technology or intellectual property, or to take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual property rights. Any inability to meaningfully enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our ability to compete and reduce demand for our solutions and services. Our competitors may also independently develop similar technology. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every jurisdiction in which our solutions or technology are hosted or available. Further, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. The laws in the United States and elsewhere change rapidly, and any future changes could adversely affect us and our intellectual property. Our failure to meaningfully protect our intellectual property rights could result in competitors offering solutions that incorporate our most technologically advanced features, which could reduce demand for our solutions. 

17

Table of Contents 

We may find it necessary or appropriate to initiate claims or litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of intellectual property rights claimed by others. In any lawsuit we bring to enforce our intellectual property rights, a court may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on grounds that our intellectual property rights do not cover the use or technology in question. Further, in such proceedings, the defendant could counterclaim that our intellectual property is invalid or unenforceable and the court may agree, in which case we could lose valuable intellectual property rights. Litigation is inherently uncertain and any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. If we fail to maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property, our business and results of operations may be harmed. 

The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries, particularly developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of intellectual property protection. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. In addition, changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain adequate protection for our technology and the enforcement of intellectual property. 

If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 

We believe that our brand is critical to the success of our business, and we plan to utilize trademark registration and other means to protect it. Our business would be harmed if we were unable to protect our brand against infringement and its value was to decrease as a result. 

Although we intend to claim trademark rights and file for trademark protection of our Blackboxstocks brand name, we may face opposition from other financial technology or media platform companies; our application for a trademark may be denied by the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ). The name Blackbox is currently being used to market and sell various products and services including SaaS technologies. When a trademark application comes through for the same class as another name that has already applied for registration, in this case Blackbox, the trademark examiner may issue an Office Action, refusing our registration and requiring us to respond to the USPTO regarding how our use of Blackboxstocks will not be confused with existing registrants use of Blackbox. This process would require us to incur additional legal fees every time we are required to respond to the USPTO to defend our registration. In the end, we may not be able to register our mark. 

The registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names that we own or license may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic, lapsed, or determined to be infringing on or dilutive of other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights in these trademarks and trade names, which we need in order to build name recognition with customers and potential partners. In addition, third parties may in the future file for registration of trademarks similar or identical to our trademarks. If they succeed in registering or developing common law rights in such trademarks, and if we are not successful in challenging such third-party rights, we may not be able to use these trademarks to commercialize our technologies or solutions in certain relevant countries. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. 

18

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position could be harmed. 

We rely heavily on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect our unpatented know-how, technology, and other proprietary information, including our technology platform, and to maintain our competitive position. With respect to our technology platform, we consider trade secrets and know-how to be one of our primary sources of intellectual property. However, trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect these trade secrets and other proprietary technology in part by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, outside contractors, consultants, advisors, and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. The confidentiality agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and, in the case of agreements or clauses containing invention assignment, to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed through a relationship with employees or third parties. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary information, including our technology and processes. Despite these efforts, no assurance can be given that the confidentiality agreements we enter into will be effective in controlling access to such proprietary information and trade secrets. The confidentiality agreements on which we rely to protect certain technologies may be breached, may not be adequate to protect our confidential information, trade secrets, and proprietary technologies and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, trade secrets, or proprietary technology. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors or others from independently developing the same or similar technologies and processes, which may allow them to provide a service similar or superior to ours, which could harm our competitive position. 

Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, it could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

If we fail to comply with our obligations under license or technology agreements with third parties, we may be required to pay damages and we could lose license rights that are critical to our business. 

We license certain intellectual property, including technologies and software from third parties, that is important to our business, and we may enter into future additional agreements that provide us with licenses to valuable intellectual property or technology. If we fail to comply with any of the obligations under our license agreements, we may be required to pay damages and the licensor may have the right to terminate the license. Termination by the licensor would cause us to lose valuable rights, and could prevent us from selling our solutions and services, or adversely impact our ability to commercialize future solutions and services. Our business would suffer if any current or future licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensors fail to enforce licensed patents against infringing third parties, if the licensed intellectual property are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms. In addition, our rights to certain technologies are licensed to us on a non-exclusive basis. The owners of these non-exclusively licensed technologies are therefore free to license them to third parties, including our competitors, on terms that may be superior to those offered to us, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Moreover, our licensors may own or control intellectual property that has not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that we are infringing or otherwise violating the licensor s rights. In addition, the agreements under which we license intellectual property or technology from third parties are generally complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement. Any of the foregoing could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

19

Table of Contents 

If we cannot license rights to use intellectual property on reasonable terms, we may not be able to commercialize new solutions or services in the future. 

In the future, we may identify additional third-party intellectual property we may need to license in order to engage in our business, including to develop or commercialize new solutions or services. However, such licenses may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and several more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources, and greater development or commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. Even if such licenses are available, we may be required to pay the licensor substantial royalties based on sales of our solutions and services. Such royalties are a component of the cost of our solutions or services and may affect the margins on our solutions and services. In addition, such licenses may be non-exclusive, which could give our competitors access to the same intellectual property licensed to us. If we are unable to enter into the necessary licenses on acceptable terms or at all, if any necessary licenses are subsequently terminated, if our licensors fail to abide by the terms of the licenses, if our licensors fail to prevent infringement by third parties, or if the licensed intellectual property rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be affected. If licenses to third-party intellectual property rights are, or become required for us, to engage in our business, the rights may be non-exclusive, which could give our competitors access to the same technology or intellectual property rights licensed to us. Moreover, we could encounter delays and other obstacles in our attempt to develop alternatives. Defense of any lawsuit or failure to obtain any of these licenses on favorable terms could prevent us from commercializing solutions and services, which could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

General Risk Factors 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our stock, or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our securities will be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business (or the absence of such research or reports). If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our Company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade recommendations regarding our stock, or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline and such decline could be material. 

We are an emerging growth company and our compliance with the reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or the JOBS Act, and we have elected to take advantage of certain exemptions and relief from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These provisions include, but are not limited to: being permitted to have only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations disclosures; being exempt from compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; being subject to reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; and not being required to hold nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation or on any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

In addition, while we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with any new financial accounting standard until such standard is generally applicable to private companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that are not emerging growth companies or elect not to avail themselves of this provision. 

We may remain an emerging growth company until as late as December 31, 2027, the fiscal year-end following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this initial public offering, though we may cease to be an emerging growth company earlier under certain circumstances, including if (i) we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenue in any fiscal year, (ii) we become a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year, or (iii) we issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period. 

20

Table of Contents 

The exact implications of the JOBS Act are still subject to interpretations and guidance by the SEC and other regulatory agencies, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to take advantage of all of the benefits of the JOBS Act. In addition, investors may find our common stock less attractive to the extent we rely on the exemptions and relief granted by the JOBS Act. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may decline or become more volatile. 

If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. 

As a public company, we are required to maintain internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. We are required to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. However, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until the date we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. Accordingly, you will not be able to depend on any attestation concerning our internal control over financial reporting from our independent registered public accounting firm for the foreseeable future. 

The process of designing and implementing internal controls over financial reporting is time consuming, costly, and complicated. If during the evaluation and testing process, we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or determine that existing material weaknesses have not been remediated, our management will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. Even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may conclude that there are material weaknesses with respect to our internal controls or the level at which our internal controls are documented, designed, implemented, or reviewed. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or when required in the future, if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the valuation of our common stock could be adversely affected. 

Compliance with public reporting requirements have and will continue to affect the Company s financial resources. 

The Company is subject to certain public reporting obligations as required by federal securities laws, regulations and agencies. The compliance with such reporting requirements will require the company to incur significant legal, accounting and other administrative expenses. The expenses the Company may incur will have a significant impact on the Company s financial resources and may lead to a decrease in the value and price of our common stock. 

We rely on network infrastructure and our ability to maintain and scale our business and maintain competitiveness. Any significant interruptions or delays in service on our apps or websites or any undetected errors or design faults could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We depend on the use of information technologies and systems and our reputation and ability to acquire, retain, and serve our customers are dependent upon the reliable performance of our apps and websites and the underlying network infrastructure. As our operations grow, we must continuously improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure while maintaining or improving the reliability and integrity of our infrastructure. Our future success also depends on our ability to adapt our systems and infrastructure to meet rapidly evolving consumer trends and demands while continuing to improve the performance, features and reliability of our solutions in response to competitive services and offerings. We expect the use of alternative platforms such as tablets and smartphones will continue to grow and the emergence of niche competitors who may be able to optimize offerings, services, or strategies for such platforms will require new investment in technology. New developments in other areas, such as cloud computing, have made it easier for competition to enter our markets due to lower up-front technology costs. In addition, we may not be able to maintain our existing systems or replace or introduce new technologies and systems as quickly as we would like or in a cost-effective manner. There is also no guarantee that we will possess the financial resources or personnel, for the research, design, and development of new applications or services, or that we will be able to utilize these resources successfully and avoid technological or market obsolescence. Further, there can be no assurance that technological advances by one or more of our competitors or future competitors will not result in our present or future applications and services becoming uncompetitive or obsolete. If we were unable to enhance our offerings and network capabilities to keep pace with rapid technological and regulatory change, or if new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive offerings at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently, or more securely than our platform offerings, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

21

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. 

Properties. 

We do not own any real estate or other physical properties. Our principal office is located at 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485, Dallas, Texas 75240 in office space leased from Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we incurred approximately 103,000 and 77,000, respectively, in office rental expense. Future minimum rental payments under the extended lease are approximately 530,000. 

We believe that the existing facilities at March 30, 2023, will be adequate to meet our operational requirements through 2023. We believe that all such facilities are adequately covered by appropriate property insurance. 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings. 

There are currently no material pending legal or governmental proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their property is the subject. 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

22

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our Common Stock, 0.001 par value, began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on November 9, 2021 under the symbol BLBX . 

Holders 

Records of Securities Transfer Corporation, our transfer agent, indicate that as of April 11, 2023, we had 638 record holders of our Common Stock. The number of registered stockholders excludes any estimate by us of the number of beneficial owners of shares of Common Stock held in street name. As of April 11, 2023, we had 3,145,786 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Dividends 

We have not declared any dividends on our Common Stock and do not anticipate that we will declare or pay any dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, applicable contractual restrictions, restrictions in our organizational documents, and any other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The information set forth under the subheading "Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans" included in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The Company s sales of unregistered securities during the period covered by the Report have been previously reported as required in Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and/or current reports on Form 8-K. 

Use of Proceeds of Registered Securities 

On November 15, 2021, we closed our initial public offering of 2,400,000 shares of common stock at an offering price of 5.00 per share. Alexander Capital, L.P. served as the managing underwriter. We received net proceeds of 10,519,914, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. All of the shares issued and sold in our initial public offering were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-260065), which was declared effective by the SEC on November 9, 2021. 

On January 7, 2022 the Company s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase plan for up to 2,500,000 of the Company s Common Stock. The program will terminate on December 31, 2023 or when the 2,500,000 authorized has been fully utilized. As of April 6, 2023, the Company has repurchased 687,761 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 1,102,375. This use of proceeds was not anticipated or disclosed in the Company s prospectus. 

Other than as described above, the proceeds of the public offering have been used as described in the prospectus to promote and market our Blackbox System platform and increase our subscriber base, and for general and administration expenses. 

23

Table of Contents 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

The following table sets forth information regarding purchases made under the Company s stock repurchase plan for up to 2,500,000 of the Company s Common Stock. The program was authorized and publicly announced on January 7, 2022 and will terminate on December 31, 2023 or when the 2,500,000 authorized has been fully utilized. 

Period 

Total 

			 Number of 

			 Shares 

			 Purchased 

Average Price 

			 Paid 

			 Per Share 

Total Number of 

			 Shares 

			 Purchased as 

			 Part of Publicly 

			 Announced 

			 Plans or 

			 Programs 

Approximate 

			 Dollar Value of 

			 Shares that May 

			 Yet 

			 Be Purchase 

			 under 

			 the Plans or 

			 Programs 

October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 

34,079 

0.63 

649,827 

1,406,787 

November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 

13,000 

0.51 

662,827 

1,404,307 

December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 

24,934 

0.36 

687,761 

1,397,625 

Total 

687,761 

1.60 

687,761 

1,397,625 

Item 6. 

[Reserved] 

Not required. 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of the results of financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, and the notes to those financial statements that are included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. We use words such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, intend, may, will, should, could, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

We are a financial technology and social media hybrid platform offering real-time proprietary analytics and news for stock and options traders of all levels. Our web-based software employs predictive technology enhanced by artificial intelligence to find volatility and unusual market activity that may result in the rapid change in the trading price of a stock or option. Our Blackbox System continuously scans the NASDAQ, NYSE, CBOE, and other options markets, analyzing over 10,000 stocks and up to 1,500,000 options contracts multiple times per second. We also provide our users with a fully interactive social media platform that is integrated into our dashboard, enabling our users to exchange information and ideas quickly and efficiently including the ability to broadcast on their own channels to share trading strategies and market insight within the Blackbox community. 

We launched our platform for domestic use and made it available to subscribers in September 2016. Subscriptions for the use of the platform are sold on a monthly and/or annual subscription basis to individual consumers through our website. 

24

Table of Contents 

Our principal office is located at 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485, Dallas, Texas 75240 and our telephone number is (972) 726-9203. Our Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol BLBX. Our corporate website is located at http://https://blackboxstocks.com . 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in assumption of the continuation of the Company as a going concern, which is dependent upon the Company's ability to obtain sufficient financing or establish itself as a profitable business. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred an operating loss of 4,546,026 and a net loss of 5,019,882 as compared to an operating loss of 2,277,839 and net loss of 2,615,736 for the prior year. Cash flows from operations were (4,285,039) and (672,485) for 2022 and 2021 respectively. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management has implemented a number of initiatives aimed at improving operating cash flow including, new product development, revised marketing strategies and expense reductions. In addition to the operating initiatives, the Company has historically been able to raise debt or equity financing to meet its capital needs and is also evaluating strategic alternatives with respect to possible mergers or acquisitions. There can be no assurance that the Company operational changes will impact its cash flow or if it will be able to raise additional capital or on what terms. 

The financial statements do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue in operation. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and through April 6, 2023, there were several new accounting pronouncements issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). Each of these pronouncements, as applicable, has been or will be adopted by the Company. Management does not believe the adoption of any of these accounting pronouncements has had or will have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

All other new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective or adopted have been deemed not to be relevant to us, hence are not expected to have any impact once adopted. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Use of Estimates 

The Company s financial statement preparation requires that management make estimates and assumptions which affect the reporting of assets and liabilities and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in order to report these financial statements in conformity with GAAP. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement , defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. In general, fair values of financial instruments are based upon quoted market prices, where available. If such quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon internally developed models that primarily use, as inputs, observable market-based parameters. Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value. These adjustments may include amounts to reflect counterparty credit quality and the customer s creditworthiness, among other things, as well as unobservable parameters. Any such valuation adjustments are applied consistently over time. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement requires bifurcation of certain embedded derivative instruments, and measurement at their fair value for accounting purposes. A holder redemption feature embedded in the Company s notes payable requires bifurcation from its host instrument and is accounted for as a freestanding derivative. 

Software Development Costs 

The Company accounts for software development costs pursuant to ASC Topic 985-Software, which requires that the costs incurred for planning, designing, coding and testing of software prior to technological feasibility be recorded as research and development expenses as incurred. Such costs include both internal development and engineering costs as well as development expenses contracted through third parties. 

Income Taxes 

The Company will recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not. 

25

Table of Contents 

Management evaluates the probability of the realization of its deferred income tax assets. Management determined that because the Company has not yet generated taxable income, it is unlikely that a tax benefit will be realized from these operating loss carry forwards. Accordingly, the deferred income tax asset is offset by a full valuation allowance. 

In accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes , the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. 

Share-Based Payment 

All share-based payments to employees, directors and contractors, including grants of stock options, restricted shares or warrants, are recognized in the statement of operations based on their fair values at the time of grant in accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation. 

During the period ended December 31, 2021, the Company calculated the fair value of the options granted based on assumptions used in the Cox-Ross-Rubinstein binomial pricing model using the following inputs: the price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance; a risk-free interest rate of 1.30 , expected volatility of 50 based on the volatility of comparable publicly traded entities, various exercise prices, and terms of 10 years. 

During the period ended December 31, 2022, the Company calculated the fair value of the options granted based on assumptions used in the Cox-Ross-Rubinstein binomial pricing model using the following inputs: the price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance; risk-free interest rates ranging from 2.72 to 3.37 , expected volatility ranging from 110 to 127 based on the volatility of the Company s common stock, various exercise prices, and terms of 10 years. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had a cash balance of 425,578 and marketable securities valued at 3,216,280, which equal a combined cash and securities total value of 3,641,858. The Company incurred negative cash flow from operations of (4,285,039) for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to negative cash flow from operations of (672,485) in the prior year. Cash flows used in investing activities excluding marketable securities were 65,941 and 63,912 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were related primarily to the purchase of server equipment and office furniture. We expect capital expenditures to remain at approximately the same level for 2023 in order to maintain our current operations. Cash flows from financing for the year ended December 31, 2022 was (2,120,823) and was driven primarily by 990,000 in repayments of debt and 1,102,375 in purchases of treasury stock. Cash flows from financing for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 10,194,239 and was driven primarily by the initial public offering that closed on November 15, 2021. 

As noted above, the Company may need to raise additional debt or equity capital in order to fund its operations. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to do so or on what terms. 

26

Table of Contents 

Initial Public Offering 

On November 15, 2021, the Company completed an initial public offering of 2,400,000 shares of common stock at a price of 5.00 per share in connection with our uplist to the Nasdaq exchange. After underwriting discounts and expenses, the company realized net proceeds from the offering of 10,519,914. Proceeds from the offering are used to promote and market our Blackbox System platform and increase our subscriber base and for general and administration expenses. In addition, we intend to develop and market additional products and services that employ or are complementary to our Blackbox System. We expect to release a new product utilizing the proprietary Blackbox System that target traditional investors that do not necessarily engage in day trading or swing trading. We believe that the market for this type of product is significant and we intend to devote significant resources to advertise and market this product. In addition, we anticipate hiring additional personnel to aid in the development and improvement of our existing and future products and services. 

Stock Repurchase Plan 

On January 7, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase plan for up to 2,500,000 of the Company s common stock. The program will terminate on December 31, 2023 or when the 2,500,000 authorized has been fully utilized. As of April 6, 2023, the Company has repurchased 687,761 shares for an aggregate purchase price of 1,102,375. We do not expect the capital used in conjunction with the plan to impede our operations for the foreseeable future. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s revenue was 4,959,109 and 6,112,324, respectively. The decrease of 1,153,215 or 18.9 was driven primarily by a decline in subscribers which we believe resulted from an unfavorable macro-economic environment in 2022. During 2022, we ran several promotions that offered our monthly subscription for 1 to 5 as opposed to the regular price of 99.97 which caused revenues to decline greater than the decline in subscribers. Our average subscriber count for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5,420 or 2.6 lower than the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,878,230 or 58 of revenues as compared to 2021 gross margin of 4,260,969 or 69.7 of revenues. The decrease in the gross margin percentage from 2021 to 2022 was due to a lower average revenue per subscriber as a result of the promotions discussed above. The primary costs of operating our platform include data feeds of real time prices from exchanges, news feeds, personnel costs of our moderators as well as general system expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, our operating expenses increased to 7,424,256 as compared to 6,538,808 in 2021. This increase of 885,448 or 13.5 was due to substantial increases in our operating expenses in all categories. Software development expenses incurred the highest percentage increase of 87.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the previous year. The 560,268 increase in expense for 2022 resulted significant investment in the technological infrastructure of the Blackbox system, the release of our mobile application for IOS and Android devices as well as new product development. We expect that our development expense will continue to increase in 2023 although the specific timing of those increases is uncertain. Our selling, general and administrative costs increased by 104,353 or 2.3 to 4,729,686 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Advertising and marketing expenses increased by 217.820 to 1,468,702. We relied on digital marketing as our primary medium for advertising and marketing but also incurred approximately [ 155,000] in television related advertising. We will continue to evaluate our advertising and marketing plans in 2023 in order to improve its cost effectiveness. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, other income (expense) was a net expense of 337,897 as compared to other expenses of 473,856 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The primary components of the 2021 expense were interest expense of 135,492 and amortization of debt discount of 247,522. For the year ended December 31, 2022 other expense included interest expense of 98,541, amortization of debt discount of 46,597 and an investment loss of 328,718. 

27

Table of Contents 

EBITDA (Non-GAAP Financial Measure) 

We report our financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). However, management believes the presentation of certain non-GAAP financial measures provides useful information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the Company s financial condition and results of operations, and that when GAAP financial measures are viewed in conjunction with the non-GAAP financial measures, investors are provided with a more meaningful understanding of the Company s ongoing operating performance. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures are among the primary indicators management uses as a basis for evaluating performance. For all non-GAAP financial measures in this release, we have provided corresponding GAAP financial measures for comparative purposes in the report. 

EBITDA is defined by us as net income (loss) before interest expense, income tax, depreciation and amortization expense and certain non-cash. EBITDA is not a measure of operating performance under GAAP and therefore should not be considered in isolation nor construed as an alternative to operating profit, net income (loss) or cash flows from operating, investing or financing activities, each as determined in accordance with GAAP. Also, EBITDA should not be considered as a measure of liquidity. Moreover, since EBITDA is not a measurement determined in accordance with GAAP, and thus is susceptible to varying interpretations and calculations, EBITDA, as presented, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 

Reconciliation of net loss to EBITDA 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net loss 

(5,019,882 

(2,615,736 

Adjustments: 

Interest expense 

98,541 

135,492 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

22,728 

19,721 

Amortization of debt discount 

46,597 

247,522 

Gain on forgiveness of note payable 

- 

(33,405 

Stock based compensation 

482,460 

1,353,020 

Total Adjustments 

650,326 

1,722,350 

EBITDA 

(4,369,556 

(893,386 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Our Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and as such, is not required to provide the information required under this Item. 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

All financial statements required by this Item are presented beginning on Page F-1, and are incorporated herein by this reference. 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures. 

28

Table of Contents 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Gust Kepler, our principal executive officer and Robert Winspear, our principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Such disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company is accumulated and communicated to the appropriate management on a basis that permits timely decisions regarding disclosure. Based upon that evaluation, the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the Company s periodic filings under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In connection with the preparation of our annual financial statements, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or the COSO Framework, and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of those controls. Based on this evaluation and qualified by the Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls set forth in this Item 9A below, management has determined that as of December 31, 2022, our internal controls over financial reporting were effective and there are no material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, wherein non-accelerated filers are exempt from Sarbanes-Oxley internal control audit requirements. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no other changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 

29

Table of Contents 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Our disclosure controls and procedures provide our principal executive officer and principal financial officer with reasonable assurances that our disclosure controls and procedures will achieve their objectives. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting can or will prevent all human error. A control system, no matter how well designed and implemented, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Furthermore, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are internal resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be weighed relative to their corresponding costs. Because of the limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide complete assurance that all control issues and instances of error, if any, within our company are detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur due to human error or mistake. Additionally, controls, no matter how well designed, could be circumvented by the individual acts of specific persons within the organization. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated objectives under all potential future conditions. 

Item 9B. 

Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

30

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the names, ages and positions of our executive officers and directors. All directors of our Company hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The executive officers of our Company are appointed by our Board and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. 

Name 

Age 

Position(s) Held 

Executive Officers 

Gust Kepler 

58 

Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Robert Winspear 

57 

Director, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

Eric Pharis 

47 

Chief Operating Officer 

Charles Smith 

52 

Chief Technology Officer 

Non-Employee Directors 

Ray Balestri 

63 

Director (1) (2) (3) 

Keller Reid 

62 

Director (1) (2) (3) 

Dalya Sulaiman 

56 

Director (1) (2) (3) 

Independent Director as defined by Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2). 

 (1) Member of the Compensation Committee. 

 (2) Member of the Audit Committee. 

 (3) Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. 

Executive Officers 

Gust Kepler, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Kepler was appointed to serve as a director and our President and Chief Executive Officer on December 1, 2015. Mr. Kepler also serves as the President of G2 International, Inc. G2 ). G2 is a consulting firm with expertise in investment banking founded by Mr. Kepler in 2002. G2 s primary focus is taking private companies public and providing advice regarding capitalization, strategic planning and investor relations. Prior to founding G2, Mr. Kepler founded Parallax Entertainment, Inc. Parallax in 1996. Parallax was an independent record label, online promotional vehicle and e-commerce solution for musicians on the Internet. Mr. Kepler managed all aspects of the label including A R, production, marketing and distribution. In 2000, Mr. Kepler successfully completed a direct public offering for the company and Parallax subsequently became a publicly traded company on the OTC Bulletin Board. Mr. Kepler was also the cofounder of Glance Toys, Ltd. Glance Toys which was formed in 1990. Glance Toys designed, manufactured and marketed products classified in junior sporting goods category. Products included foam balls, flying discs and beach products, some of which received patents. Glance Toy s products were sold nationally in prominent chains such as Wal-Mart, Target, Toys R Us, 7-Eleven, and numerous other well-known retailers. The Company believes that Mr. Kepler s experience as the Company s founder and Chief Executive Officer as well as his previous experience in marketing and advising public companies on capitalization and investor relations give him the qualifications and skills to serve as a member of the Board. 

Robert Winspear, Director, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Mr. Winspear was appointed as a Director and our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary on September 11, 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Winspear had been the President of Winspear Investments LLC, a Dallas based private investment firm specializing in lower middle market transactions, since 2002. Winspear Investments has made investments in a wide range of industries including banking, real estate, distribution, supply chain management, mega yacht marinas and hedge funds. Mr. Winspear was Vice President, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer of Excel Corporation, a credit card processing company (formerly EXCC:OTC) from May of 2014 to June of 2017. Mr. Winspear is on the board of directors of Alpha Financial Technologies/EAM Corporation, located in Dallas, Texas and VII Peaks Co-Optivist Income BDC II, Inc. an investment management company located in Orinda, California. Mr. Winspear earned a BBA and a MPA from the University of Texas at Austin. The Company believes that Mr. Winspear s broad experience in accounting, finance, mergers and acquisitions as well as corporate governance with public and private entities gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as a director of our Company. 

31

Table of Contents 

Eric Pharis, Chief Operating Officer . Mr. Pharis is a founder of Blackboxstocks and was appointed Chief Operating Officer on September 11, 2021. Mr. Pharis has been working in quantitative finance for over 20 years. Prior to founding the Company with Mr. Kepler, Mr. Pharis worked in the proprietary trading operations of Daytek Securities, a pioneer in the area of electronic and algorithm trading, and also founded high frequency trading firm Blackbox Karma in 2005 as well as quantBrasil, a fully quantitative, computer driven hedge fund in Brazil launched in 2012 and EDM Operators, a commodities trading company using automated software based on news events launched in 2014. Mr. Pharis directs the development of the Company s proprietary algorithms as well as data analysis. Mr. Pharis earned a bachelor of mechanical engineering from the University of Texas at Austin and a master of operations research with a certificate in financial engineering from Cornell University. 

Charles Smith, Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Smith was appointed Chief Technology Officer on December 1, 2021. Prior to be appointed Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Smith served as a principal of Cyfeon Solutions, a consulting firm he founded in 2009. Cyfeon is a Financial Services vertical focused on operational and regulatory compliance and since 2016 was the lead architect and developer of the Company s web-based application. Mr. Smith earned an MBA from Southern Methodist University, a BBA in CIS from Texas State University and served four years in the United States Marine Corps. 

Non-Employee Directors 

Ray Balestri, Director. Mr. Balestri was appointed to serve as a director on September 11, 2021. Mr. Balestri has been a partner with Bell Nunnally since 2009 and has over 30 years experience as a corporate attorney. His practice focuses on assisting businesses with a wide variety of matters, including mergers and acquisitions, business sales and spin-offs, private placements, private equity and venture capital investments, C-level employment agreements and employee equity plans, and general corporate counseling in a broad array of industries. In addition to his legal experience Mr. Balestri has significant investment experience in a wide variety of private companies with over 40 holdings through his family investment partnership. Mr. Balestri earned a B.S. in mathematics from the University of Illinois and a J.D. from Harvard University. The Company believes that Mr. Balestri s substantial legal knowledge as well as his merger and acquisition experience gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as a director of our Company 

Keller Reid, Director . Mr. Reid was appointed as a director on January 31, 2023. Mr. Reid has served as the Director of Technology and Trading for Ackerman Capital, a Dallas Based family office, for the past fourteen years. In that position, he has accumulated an extensive knowledge and background in both the technology and strategic aspects of trading systems. Previously, Mr. Reid served as Vice President, Head of Execution Sales and Strategy at Apex Clearing (formerly Penson Execution Services). While at Penson, Mr. Reid developed an electronic routing algorithm that was granted a patent by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, (U.S. 8015099). Mr. Reid holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Carnegie Mellon University 

Dalya Sulaiman, Director. Ms. Sulaiman was appointed to serve as a director on September 11, 2021. Ms. Sulaiman has been founder and CEO of Dalya Imar Insaat, a construction company based in Istanbul Turkey since 2008. In addition to her role at Dalya Imar Insaat, Ms. Sulaiman serves as a consultant to Tepe Construction (a family-owned construction company) on industrial and commercial construction projects globally and represents certain food and beverage brands expanding into new markets. Ms. Sulaiman also manages other real estate investments for MAM Abramenko as well as brand management. Ms. Sulaiman graduated from Texas Christian University with a BBA. The Company believes that Ms. Sulaiman s international business experience and relationships gives her the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as a director of our Company. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between any director or officer of the Company and any other such person. 

32

Table of Contents 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No director nor any executive officer has not been convicted in a criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors, nor has he or she been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding during the past ten years that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state securities laws, except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of the Company s common stock (collectively, Reporting Persons to file with the SEC reports regarding their ownership and changes in our ownership of our securities. We believe that, during 2022, our directors, executive officers and 10 stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

Leadership Structure of the Board 

The Board does not currently have a policy on whether the same person should serve as both the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board or, if the roles are separate, whether the Chairman should be selected from the non-employee directors or should be an employee. The Board believes that it should have the flexibility to make these determinations at any given point in time in the way that it believes best to provide appropriate leadership for the Company at that time. Gust Kepler currently serves as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Chairman of the Board. The Company does not currently have a lead independent director. 

Board Role in Risk Oversight and Management 

The Board has an active role in the oversight and management of the Company s risks and carries out its role directly and through Board committees. The Board s direct role in the Company s risk management process includes regular or periodic receipt and discussion of reports from management and the Company s outside counsel and advisers on areas of material risk to the Company, including operational, strategic, financial, legal and regulatory risks. 

The Board has also delegated the oversight and management of certain risks to the Audit and Compensation Committees of the Board. The Audit Committee is responsible for the oversight of Company risks relating to accounting matters, financial reporting and related party transactions. To satisfy these oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee meets with, receives and discusses reports from the Chief Financial Officer, the Company s independent registered public accountant, and the Company s outside counsel as needed. The Compensation Committee is responsible for the oversight of risks relating to the Company s compensation and benefit programs. To satisfy these oversight responsibilities, the Compensation Committee meets with, receives and discusses reports from the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer to understand the financial, human resources and stockholder implications of compensation and benefit decisions. 

The Board has also addressed risk through the adoption of corporate policies. The Board has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that is designed to ensure that directors, officers and employees of the Company are aware of their legal and ethical responsibilities and conduct the Company s business in a consistently legal and ethical manner. 

Hedging Policy 

The Company s insider trading policy prohibits all officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, and any other person designated from time to time by the Company as being a Company Insider, as well as his or her immediate family members, from participating in hedging or monetization transactions, such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars, and exchange funds, involving Company securities. 

Committees 

The Board has established Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees to devote attention to specific subjects and to assist it in the discharge of its responsibilities. The functions of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Governance Committee are described below. 

33

Table of Contents 

Audit Committee 

We have a separately designated standing Audit Committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee s responsibilities include, among other things: (i) selecting and retaining an independent registered public accounting firm to act as our independent auditors, setting the compensation for our independent auditors, overseeing the work done by our independent auditors and terminating our independent auditors, if necessary, (ii) periodically evaluating the qualifications, performance and independence of our independent auditors, (iii) pre-approving all auditing and permitted non-audit services to be provided by our independent auditors, (iv) reviewing with management and our independent auditors our annual audited financial statements and our quarterly reports prior to filing such reports with the SEC, including the results of our independent auditors review of our quarterly financial statements, and (v) reviewing with management and our independent auditors significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements. The Audit Committee also prepares the Audit Committee report that is required to be included in our annual proxy statement pursuant to the rules of the SEC. We have adopted an Audit Committee charter which can be found on our investor website at https://https://blackboxstocks.com. 

The Audit Committee is composed of Ray Balestri (Chairman), Keller Reid, and Dalya Sulaiman. The Audit Committee was formed on September 11, 2021 in order for us to meet our corporate governance requirements for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Audit Committee met 4 times in 2022. Under the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market, each member of the Audit Committee must be considered independent in accordance with Nasdaq Rule 5605(c)(2)(A)(i) and (ii) and Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. The Board has determined that each of the members is independent as that term is defined under applicable Nasdaq and SEC rules. The Audit Committee has at least one financial expert (as defined by 407 (d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K). The board has also determined that Ray Balestri meets the qualifications of an "audit committee financial expert," as defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee is composed of Ray Balestri (Chairman), Keller Reid and Dalya Sulaiman, each of whom is an independent director, as defined by Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2). The Compensation Committee was formed on September 11, 2021 in order for us to meet our corporate governance requirements for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Compensation Committee met twice in 2022. The Compensation Committee is empowered to advise management and make recommendations to the Board with respect to the compensation and other employment benefits of executive officers, key employees and directors of the Company. The Compensation Committee also administers the Company s stock incentive plan for officers, directors, employees and consultants. The Compensation Committee is authorized, among other powers, to determine from time to time the individuals to whom options shall be granted, the number of shares to be covered by each option and the time or times at which options shall be granted pursuant to our stock incentive plans. We have adopted a Compensation Committee charter which can be found on our investor website at https://https://blackboxstocks.com. 

Compensation Committee Processes and Procedures 

The Compensation Committee meets at least once annually and with greater frequency if necessary. The agenda for each meeting is developed by the Chair of the Compensation Committee, in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. The Compensation Committee meets from time to time in executive session. In addition, from time to time, various members of management and other employees as well as outside advisors or consultants may be invited by the Compensation Committee to make presentations, to provide financial or other background information or advice or to otherwise participate in Compensation Committee meetings. The Chief Executive Officer may not participate in, or be present during, any deliberations or determinations of the Compensation Committee regarding his compensation. The charter of the Compensation Committee grants the Compensation Committee full access to all books, records, facilities and personnel of the Company. In addition, under the charter, the Compensation Committee has the authority to obtain, at the expense of the Company, advice and assistance from compensation consultants and internal and external legal, accounting or other advisors and other external resources that the Compensation Committee considers necessary or appropriate in the performance of its duties. The Compensation Committee has direct responsibility for the oversight of the work of any consultants or advisers engaged for the purpose of advising the Committee. In particular, the Compensation Committee has the sole authority to retain, in its sole discretion, compensation consultants to assist in its evaluation of executive and director compensation, including the authority to approve the consultant s reasonable fees and other retention terms. Under the charter, the Compensation Committee may select, or receive advice from, a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser to the Compensation Committee, other than in-house legal counsel and certain other types of advisers, only after taking into consideration six factors, prescribed by the SEC and Nasdaq, that bear upon the adviser s independence; however, there is no requirement that any adviser be independent. To date, the Compensation Committee has not engaged any consultants. 

34

Table of Contents 

Nominating and Governance Committee 

The Nominating and Governance Committee is composed of Ray Balestri (Chairman), Keller Reid and Dalya Sulaiman, each of whom is an independent director, as defined by Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2). The Nominating and Governance Committee was formed on September 11, 2021 in order for us to meet our corporate governance requirements for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Nominating and Governance Committee met one time in 2022. We have adopted a Nominating and Governance Committee charter which can be found on our investor website at https://blackboxstocks.com. 

The Nominating and Governance Committee has not adopted a formal policy with regard to consideration of director candidates recommended by security holders. For vacancies which are anticipated on the Board, the Nominating and Governance Committee intends to seek out and evaluates potential candidates from a variety of sources that may include recommendations by security holders, members of management and the Board, consultants and others. The minimum qualifications for potential candidates for the Board include demonstrated business experience, decision-making abilities, personal integrity and a good reputation. While diversity is not a leading factor in the Nominating and Governance Committee s evaluation of potential candidates and there is no formal policy for considering diversity when nominating a potential director, it is a consideration that is evaluated along with other qualifications of potential candidates. In light of the foregoing, it is believed that a formal, written policy and procedure with regard to consideration of director candidates recommended by security holders is not necessary in order for the Nominating and Governance Committee to perform its duties. The Corporate Nominating and Governance Committee identifies and recommends to the Board individuals qualified to serve as directors of the Company, advises the Board with respect to its committees composition, oversees the evaluation of the Board, and oversees other matters of corporate governance. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a formal Code of Ethics and Business Conduct applicable to all Board members, officers and employees. Our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct can be found on the Corporate Governance section of the investor relations page of our website at https://blackboxstocks.com. 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation. 

The following table sets forth all compensation for the last two fiscal years awarded to, earned by or paid to our principal executive officer and our two other most highly compensated executive officers serving during the last completed fiscal year (collectively, the Named Executives ): 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 

Year 

Salary 

Bonus(4) 

Stock 
			 Awards 
			 (5) 

Total 

Gust Kepler, Director, President and Chief 

2022 

66,833 

7,481 

-- 

74,321 

Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

2021 

12,000 

70,618 

-- 

82,612 

Robert Winspear, Director, Chief Financial 

2022 

200,000 

-- 

-- 

200,000 

Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial Officer) (1) (2) 

2021 

60,641 

-- 

351,608 

412,249 

Charles Smith, Chief Technology Officer (3) 

2022 

180,000 

-- 

-- 

180,000 

2021 

15,000 

-- 

103,024 

118,024 

35

Table of Contents 

(1) Other than the remuneration discussed above, during the periods described we had no retirement, pension, profit sharing, or similar program for the benefit of the officers, directors or employees of the Company. 

 (2) Mr. Winspear was appointed Chief Financial Officer and Secretary on September 11, 2021. The 2021 salary noted in the table above reflects a partial year of his annual salary of 200,000. Mr. Winspear was granted a warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 1.95. The warrant vests over three years. 

 (3) Mr. Smith was appointed Chief Technology Officer on November 29, 2021. The 2021 salary noted in the table above reflects a partial year at his annual salary. Mr. Smith was granted an option to purchase 50,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of 3.42 per share. The option vests monthly over 36 months and is exercisable for ten years. 

 (4) Reflects cash bonus payment. 

 (5) The assumptions used to value the equity compensation shown above can be found in the Company s 2022 financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding stock options and other equity awards held by each of our Named Executives as of December 31, 2022: 

Equity Awards 

Number of Securities Underlying 

			 Unexercised awards 

Exercise 

			 Price 

Expiration 
			 Date 

Name 

Date 

Exercisable 

Unexercisable 

Gust Kepler 

0 

0 

Robert Winspear (1) 

9-11-2021 

41,667 

58,333 

1.95 

9-11-2031 

Charles Smith (2) 

11-29-2021 

18,056 

31,944 

3.42 

11-29-2031 

(1) 

Equity award is in the form of a warrant 

(2) 

Equity award is in the form of a stock option 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation and Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End Tables 

Gust Kepler, a director and our President and Chief Executive Officer was paid an annual salary of 12,000 until September 1, 2022 at which time his salary was increased to 200,000. Mr. Kepler was paid a discretionary cash bonus of 7,481 and 70,618 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Robert Winspear, a director and our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary was appointed to serve as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary on September 11, 2021. Mr. Winspear s salary is 200,000 per year. Mr. Winspear was also granted a warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of 1.95 per share. The shares vest ratably over 36 months and the warrant is exercisable for ten years. Prior to joining the Company, Winspear Investments LLC, which is jointly owned by Mr. Winspear and his wife, performed consulting services for the Company and received 48,000 and 100,000 shares of stock as compensation for such services in 2020 and 2021, respectively. 

Charles Smith was appointed to serve as our Chief Technology Officer on November 29, 2021. Mr. Smith s salary is 180,000 per year. Mr. Smith was granted an option to purchase 50,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of 3.42 per share. The option vests monthly over 36 months and is exercisable for ten years. Prior to joining the Company Cypheon Solutions Inc., which is 100 owned by Mr. Smith, performed consulting services for the Company and was paid 183,062 during 2021. 

36

Table of Contents 

Employment Agreements 

The Company has not entered into any other employment agreement or consulting agreement with any Named Executive or director of the Company providing for compensation and all serve at the discretion of our Board. 

Compensation of Directors 

Prior to 2021, we did not pay compensation to Company directors for their service on our Board. Our non-employee directors are currently paid an annual cash retainer of, or equity incentives valued at, 30,000 per year and receive an option grant of 5,000 shares of our common stock. Officers do not receive additional compensation for serving as directors. 

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the compensation paid to our non-employee directors, excluding reasonable travel expenses, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 

Fees 
			 Earned 
			 or Paid 
			 in Cash 
			 ) 

Stock 
			 Awards 
			 ) 

Option 
			 Awards 
			 ) 

Non-equity 
			 incentive 

			 plan 
			 compensation 

			 ) 

All other 
			 compensation 

			 ) 

Total 
			 ) 

Andrew Malloy (1) (2) 

30,000 

0 

4,792 

0 

0 

34,792 

Ray Balestri (1) 

0 

30,000 

4,792 

0 

0 

34,792 

Dalya Sulaiman (1) 

30,000 

0 

4,792 

0 

0 

34,792 

(1) 

Non-employee directors receive an annual retainer of 30,000 payable in cash or stock. Mr. Malloy and Ms. Sulaiman were in paid in cash and Mr. Balestri received a grant of 29,412 shares that vest over one year. Non-employee directors also receive an option to purchase 5,000 shares of Common Stock which vests over one year. 

(2) 

Mr. Malloy resigned as a director on January 26, 2023. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets forth the aggregate number of shares subject to outstanding equity awards held by our non-employee directors as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 

Grant date 

Number of 
			 shares 

			 or units of 
			 stock 

			 that have 
			 not 

			 vested(#) 

Market 
			 value 

			 of shares or 

			 units of 
			 stock 

			 that have 
			 not 

			 vested ) 

Andrew Malloy (1) 

9-11-20219-11-2022 

3,750 

1,125 

Ray Balestri 

9-11-20219-11-2022 

33,162 

9,949 

Dalya Sulaiman (1) 

9-11-20219-11-2022 

3,750 

1,125 

(1) Based on options for 5,000 shares granted to Mr. Malloy and Ms. Sulaiman which vest over twelve months and a market price of 0.30 on December 31, 2022. 

 (2) Based on an option for 5,000 shares and a restricted stock of 29,412 shares granted to Mr. Balestri which vest over twelve months and a market price of 0.30 on December 30, 2022. 

37

Table of Contents 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

2021 Equity Incentive Plan 

On August 4, 2021, our Board of Directors and our stockholders approved the adoption of the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan and it became effective August 31, 2021. We amended the 2021 Plan effective October 6, 2022 to increase the number of shares available for issuance from 750,000 to 1,250,000 and again on February 6, 2023 to increase the number of shares available for issuance from 1,250,000 to 2,450,000. Participation in the 2021 Plan will continue until all of the benefits to which the participants are entitled have been paid in full. The following table sets forth our equity compensation 2021 plan information as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan 

Number of 

			 securities to 

			 be 

			 issued upon 

			 exercise of 

			 outstanding 

			 options and 

			 rights (1) 

Weighted- 

			 average 

			 exercise 

			 price of 

			 outstanding 

			 options and 

			 rights (1) 

Number of 

			 securities 

			 remaining 

			 available for 

			 issuance 

			 under 

			 equity 

			 compensation 

			 plans 

2021 Stock Incentive Plan 

654,500 

2.91 

524,040 

Total 

654,500 

2.91 

524,040 

(1) Excludes restricted stock grants for 65,412 shares under the 2021 Plan. Because there is no exercise price associated with the restricted stock grants, such shares are not included in the weighted-average price calculation. 

38

Table of Contents 

Beneficial Ownership of Principal Shareholders and Management 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock as of April 11, 2023, unless otherwise indicated, by: (1) each person known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of each class of our capital stock; (2) each director of the Company; (3) the Company s current named executive officers and (4) all current directors and executive officers as a group. To the best of our knowledge, each of the persons named in the table below as beneficially owning the shares set forth therein has sole voting power and sole investment power with respect to such shares, unless otherwise indicated. Applicable percentages are based upon 3,145,786 shares of Common Stock and 3,269,998 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding as of April 11, 2023. All Common Stock amounts have been adjusted for the 1 for 4 reverse stock split effected on April 10, 2023. Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of the Company, at the address of 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485, Dallas, Texas 75240. 

Less than 1 

Title of Class 

Name and Address of 

			 Beneficial Owner(1) 

Amount and 

			 Nature of 

			 Beneficial 

			 Ownership 

Percent of 

			 Class 

Common Stock 

As Individuals 

Gust Kepler (2) 

583,209 

18.5 

Eric Pharis 

197,904 

6.3 

Robert Winspear (3) 

57,139 

1. 

8 

Charles Smith (4) 

42,570 

1. 

4 

Ray Balestri (5)(7) 

29,966 

1. 

3 

Dalya Sulaiman (5) 

42,395 

Keller Reid (6) 

1,082 

As a Group 

Executive Officers and Directors as a group (7 persons) 

954,265 

30.3 

David Kyle 

208,334 

6.1 

7 

Stephen Chiang 

			 8 Kitchener Link 

			 City Square Residences #21-14 

			 Singapore 207226 

250,000 

8.0 

Series A Preferred Stock 

As a Group 

Officers and Directors (1 person) 

3,269,998 

100 

As Individuals 

Gust Kepler 

3,269,998 

100 

Less than 1 

 (1) Beneficial ownership is calculated in accordance with the rules of the SEC in accordance with Rule 13d-3(d)(1) of the Exchange Act. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock subject to options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days following April 14, 2023 are deemed outstanding. However, these shares are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. 

 (2) Includes 192 shares owned by Judy Children Inheritance Trust for which Mr. Kepler serves as trustee. Excludes 3,269,998 shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Mr. Kepler (separately noted in the table) which may be converted on a 5-for-1 share ratio (for a total of 653,999 shares of common stock) based upon the Company s current market capitalization and the limitations provided for in our Conversion Agreement with Mr. Kepler. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock held by Mr. Kepler is entitled to 100 votes on all stockholder matters, and along with the common stock held by Mr. Kepler collectively represents approximately 60.1 of our issued and outstanding capital stock and approximately 99.2 of the voting power of our stockholders. 

 (3) Includes 37,000 shares owned by Winspear Investments LLC which is 100 owned by Mr. Winspear and his wife, and 6,250 shares owned by ACM Winspear Investments L.P. of which Mr. Winspear is general partner. Also includes 13,889 shares underlying a warrant exercisable by Mr. Winspear for 100,000 shares that vest over 36 months. 

 (4) Includes 36,667 shares owned by Cyfeon Solutions Inc which is controlled by Mr. Smith and 5,903 shares underlying an option granted to Mr. Smith to purchase 12,500 shares which vest over 36 months. 

 (5) Includes 2,188 shares underlying options that are exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report resulting from an option granted to Mr. Balestri and Ms. Sulaiman to purchase 2,500 shares of Common Stock under the 2021 Plan which vest ratably over twelve months. and 1,250 shares underlying an option exercisable within 60 days of April 6, 2023 

 (6) Includes 313 shares underlying an option that is exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report resulting from an option to purchase 1,250 shares of Common Stock under the 2021 Plan which vest ratably over twelve months 

 (7) Includes 12,500 shares held by Balestri Family Investments LP, 7,353 shares of restricted stock granted in lieu of the retainer for non-employee directors that becomes unrestricted within 60 days and 5,092 shares held by Mr. Balestri for his minor children. 

39

Table of Contents 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Related Transactions 

The Company did not have any transactions with related parties during 2022. 

Director Independence 

Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Under the rules of Nasdaq, independent directors must comprise a majority of a listed company s board of directors. In addition, the rules of Nasdaq require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committees be independent. Under the rules of Nasdaq, a director will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of that company s board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Audit committee members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. Compensation committee members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act. 

In order to be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3 and Rule 10C-1, a member of an audit committee or compensation committee of a listed company may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the committee, the board of directors, or any other board committee: (1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries; or (2) be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. 

We have undertaken a review of the independence of each director and considered whether each director has a material relationship with us that could compromise his or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. As a result of this review, we determined that each of Messrs. Keller Reid and Ray Balestri and Ms. Dalya Sulaiman representing three of our five directors, are considered independent directors as defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements and rules of Nasdaq. 

Item 14. 
			 
			 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The following table sets forth aggregate fees billed to the Company for professional services by our independent registered public accounting firm, Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees (1) 

55,968 

72,565 

Audit-Related Fees (2) 

--- 

--- 

Tax Fees (3) 

5,000 

3,750 

All Other Fees 

--- 

--- 

Total Fees 

60,968 

76,315 

(1) 

Audit Fees consist of fees for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, including audited financial statements presented in our annual report on Form 10-K, review of our quarterly financial statements presented in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years, including audit services in connection with filing registration statements, and amendments thereto. 

(2) 

Audit-related Fees consist of fees related to audit and assurance procedures not otherwise included in Audit Fees, including fees related to the application of GAAP to proposed transactions and new accounting pronouncements. 

(3) 

Tax Fees consist of professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval 

Our Audit Committee pre-approves all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms thereof. All of the services described above were approved by our Audit Committee. 

40

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 

Financial Statements 

The following documents are filed as part of this l Report on Form 10-K beginning on the pages referenced below: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 

F-1 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-2 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3 

Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
			 
			 F-4 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-5 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-6 F-14 

(b) 

Exhibits [update] 

The following exhibits are filed with this Report on Form 10-K or are incorporated by reference as described below. 

Exhibit 

Description 

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation of SMSA Ballinger Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10-12G filed with the Commission on August 5, 2014). 

3.2 

Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock dated December 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Information Statement on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 7, 2015). 

3.3 

Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated effective March 9, 2016. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 14, 2016). 

3.4 

Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated effective as of July 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 15, 2019) 

3.5 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Blackboxstocks, Inc. adopted and effective on April 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 19, 2022) 

4.1 

Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 16, 2020) 

4.2 

Form of Warrant for the Purchase of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 28, 2019) 

4.3 

Blackboxstocks, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (amended and restated effective as of February 6, 2023) (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed on December 29, 2022) 

4.4 

Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Alexander Capital, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 16, 2021) 

41

Table of Contents 

10.1 

Second Amendment to Office Lease dated September 19, 2017 between Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America and Blackboxstocks, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 17, 2018). 

10.2 

Loan Agreement dated November 12, 2020 between FPV Servicing LLC and Blackboxstocks, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 16, 2020) 

10.3 

Note dated November 12, 2020 payable to Feenix Venture Partners Opportunity Fund II LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 16, 2020) 

10.4 

Security Agreement dated November 12, 2020 between FPV Servicing LLC and Blackboxstocks, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 16, 2020) 

10.5 

Underwriting Agreement by and between Blackboxstocks, Inc. and Alexander Capital, L.P., dated November 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 16, 2021) 

10.6 
			 
			 Conversion Rights Agreement dated effective as of October 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 15, 2021) 

23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

24.1 

Power of Attorney (contained in signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14a/Rule 14d-14(a) 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14a/Rule 14d-14(a) 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

101.1 

Inline Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Item 16. 

Form 10 K Summary. 

None. 

42

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
			 
			 BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC. 

By: 

/s/ Gust Kepler 

Gust Kepler 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Date: April 14, 2023 
			 
			 By: 

/s/ Robert Winspear 

Robert Winspear 

Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Gust Kepler and Robert Winspear, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to act on, sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact, proxy, and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, proxy and agent, or his substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacities set forth opposite their names and on April 14, 2023. 

Name 

Title 

/s/ Gust Kepler 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Gust Kepler 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Robert Winspear 

Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

Robert Winspear 

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ Ray Balestri 

Director 

Ray Balestri 

/s/ Keller Reid 

Director 

Keller Reid 

/s/ Dalya Sulaiman 

Director 

Dalya Sulaiman 

43

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Blackboxstocks Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Blackboxstocks Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Blackboxstocks Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a loss of cash flows from operations that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to Blackboxstocks Inc. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Blackboxstocks Inc. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as Blackboxstocks Inc. s auditor since 2015. 

April 14, 2023 

Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. 

			 Accountants and Consultants 

			 12700 Park Central Drive, Suite 1400 

			 Dallas, Texas 75251 

			 Telephone: 972-239-1660 Facsimile: 972-239-1665 

			 Toll Free: 877-853-4195 

			 Web site: turnerstone.com 

INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF ACCOUNTANTS AND AUDITORS 

F-1

Table of Contents 

Blackboxstocks Inc. 

 Balance Sheets 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Inventory 

Marketable securities 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment: 

Office, computer and related equipment, net of depreciation of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Right of use lease, net of amortization of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Total property and equipment 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest 

Unearned subscriptions 

Lease liability right of use, current 

Senior secured note payable, net of debt issuance costs of - - and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (Note 8) 

Note payable, current portion (Note 8) 

Total current liabilities 

Long term liabilities: 

Note payable (Note 8) 

Lease liability right of use, long term 

Total long term liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders' equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized: and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock payable 

Treasury stock 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-2

Table of Contents 

Blackboxstocks Inc. 

 Statements of Operations 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue: 

Subscriptions 

Other revenues 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses: 

Software development costs 

Selling, general and administrative 

Advertising and marketing 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other (income) expense: 

Interest expense 

Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs 

Gain on forgiveness of note payable 

Investment (income) loss 

Total other (income) expense 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net loss 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-3

Table of Contents 

Blackboxstocks Inc. 

 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common 

Common 

Additional 

Preferred Stock 

Series A 

Common Stock 

Stock 

Stock 

Treasury 

Paid in 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Subscribed 

Payable 

Stock 

Capital 

Deficit 

Total 

Balances, December 31, 2020 

Issuance of shares and warrants for cash, net of fees 

Issuance of subscribed shares 

Issuance of shares in settlement of liabilities 

Issuance of shares for services 

Issuance of shares from conversion of Series A preferred shares 

Common stock payable for compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of shares for cashless exercise of warrants 

Issuance of warrants for compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of options for compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Purchase of treasury stock 

- 

- 

- 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

Issuance of warrants for compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of options for compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock payable for compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock issued for common stock payable 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-4

Table of Contents 

Blackboxstocks Inc. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Amortization of note discount and issuance costs 

Shares issued in settlement of services 

Stock based compensation 

Gain on forgiveness of note payable 

Right of use lease 

Investment (income) loss 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Prepaid expenses, related party 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest 

Unearned subscriptions 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of marketable securities 

Sale of marketable securities 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Common stock issued for cash 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Principal payments on senior secured note payable 

Principal payments on notes payable 

Principal payments on convertible notes payable 

Principal payments on notes payable, related parties 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash - beginning of year 

Cash - end of year 

Supplemental disclosures: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

Common stock issued for common stock payable 

Common stock issued in settlement of accrued liabilities 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-5

Table of Contents 

Blackboxstocks Inc. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of Common Stock in its initial public offering and concurrently was listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbol BLBX . 

and a net loss of as compared to an operating loss of and net loss of for the prior year. Cash flows from operations were ) and ) for 2022 and 2021 respectively. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management has implemented a number of initiatives aimed at improving operating cash flow including, new product development, revised marketing strategies and expense reductions. In addition to the operating initiatives, the Company has historically been able to raise debt or equity financing to meet its capital needs and is also evaluating strategic alternatives with respect to possible mergers or acquisitions. There can be no assurance that the Company operational changes will impact its cash flow or if it will be able to raise additional capital or on what terms. 

three 

820 

Conversion rate 

Common shares after conversion 

Option shares 

Warrant shares 

Purchases 

Sales 

Change in fair value 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Purchases 

Sales 

Change in fair value 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The Company has exposure to market risk associated with its investments. The Company s investments primarily consist of mutual funds that have underlying investments of short-term debt, commercial paper and U.S. Treasury securities. Although the underlying securities are typically investment grade with minimal risk of default, the current value of the portfolio is subject to increases or decreases based upon changes in the interest rate environment. During 2022, the Federal Reserve increased interest rates seven times by a combined total of . These increases in interest rates were the primary factor in the Company s investment loss of for the year ended December 31, 2022. In order to mitigate the interest rate risk, the Company is able to sell its investment position and purchase either investments with shorter term duration or cash equivalents. In addition to its mutual fund investments, the Company also has a small account with less than in value that is used for trading strategies under the Blackbox System or in development or test scenarios. These investments are generally large cap equity securities that are purchased and sold in the same day. Due to the nature of the trading activity these investments are subject to short term company specific and market specific risks. 

shares of preferred stock at par value, of which are designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at par value and authorized shares of common stock at par value Common Stock ). 

Shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock rank pari passu with the Company s Common Stock with respect to dividend and liquidation rights. Additionally, each share entitles the holder to votes. During 2021, shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into Common Stock. All shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred are held by Gust Kepler, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Kepler ). The Company and Mr. Kepler entered into Conversion Rights Agreement dated effective as of October 14, 2021, limiting the rights of the holder(s) of our outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to convert such shares into Common Stock on a one -for one basis. Pursuant to the terms of the Conversion Rights Agreement, the Designation Conversion Rights are limited and exercisable based upon the Company reaching the following Market Capitalization thresholds, measured on the last day of each calendar quarter: 

If the Company s Market Capitalization is less than , the outstanding Series A Stock will be convertible into Common Stock on a -for-1 share basis 

If the Company s Market Capitalization is equal to or greater than but less than , the outstanding Series A Stock will be convertible into Common Stock on a -for-1 share basis 

If the Company s Market Capitalization is equal to or greater than but less than , the outstanding Series A Stock will be convertible into Common Stock on a -for-1 share basis 

If the Company s Market Capitalization is equal to or greater than but less than the outstanding Series A Stock will be convertible into Common Stock on a -for-1 share basis 

If the Company s Market Capitalization is equal to or greater than the outstanding Series A Stock will thereafter convertible into Common Stock pursuant to the Designation Conversion Rights (on a 1-for-1 share basis). 

The Agreement terminates when the last share of Series A Stock is either converted or the largest Market Capitalization Threshold is met. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold shares of common stock to third parties for and issued shares of common stock previously subscribed for . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company exchanged a liability of for the purchase of a Simple Agreement for Future Tokens into shares of common stock at per share . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock at per share for services provided to the Company totaling to Winspear Investments LLC (Note 9). 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock at per share for services provided to the Company totaling to Winspear Investments LLC (Note 9). 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to a third party for services provided to the Company totaling . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to third parties for the cashless exercise of warrants (Note 5). 

On November 9, 2021, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Alexander Capital, L.P. as the representative of the underwriters named therein (the Representative and such other underwriters being collectively called the Underwriters or, individually, an Underwriter ), relating to the issuance and sale by the Company to the Underwriters of an aggregate of shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, at a price to the public of per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriter was granted an option (the Over-Allotment Option for a period of 45 days to purchase from the Company up to an additional shares of Common Stock, at the same price per share, to cover over-allotments, if any. The Over-Allotment Option expired without being exercised during December 2021. The Company incurred in underwriting discounts and commissions and incurred in related expenses, resulting in net cash proceeds received totaling . 

During January 2022, shares of common stock were issued for the cashless exercise of a warrant for the purchase of shares (Note 5). 

On January 7, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase plan for up to of the Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased shares for an aggregate purchase price of . The Company extended the stock repurchase plan to terminate on December 31, 2023 or when the 2,500,000 authorized has been fully utilized. 

On August 11, 2022, the Company entered into a services agreement whereby a third-party service provider would receive shares of common stock vesting monthly over 12 months. As of December 31, 2022, of the shares have vested and are included in common stock payable. 

, and expected volatility of based on the volatility of comparable publicly traded entities, various exercise prices, and terms of up to years. 

On September 11, 2021, the Company issued Robert Winspear, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and a director of the Company, a warrant to purchase up to shares of common stock exercisable for a ten-year period at an exercise price of . The warrant vests monthly over months after the issuance date. The fair value of the warrant at the issuance date was , which is being expensed as vesting occurs. 

On September 11, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase up to a total of shares of common stock exercisable for a ten -year period at an exercise price of . The warrants vested on the issuance date. The fair value of these warrants at the issuance date was , which was expensed at issuance. 

On November 9, 2021, as part of the Underwriting Agreement (Note 4), the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to shares of common stock exercisable for a five -year period at an exercise price of per share. 

The following table presents the Company s warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Issued 

Exercised 

3.77 

Warrants as of December 31, 2021 

Issued 

- 

Exercised 

Warrants as of December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022, warrants for the purchase of shares were vested and warrants for the purchase of shares remained unvested. The Company expects to incur expenses for the unvested warrants totaling as they vest. 

to . The 2021 Plan allows the Company, under the direction of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, to make grants of stock options, restricted and unrestricted stock and other stock-based awards to employees, including our executive officers, consultants and directors. 

During the period ended December 31, 2021, the Company calculated the fair value of the options granted based on assumptions used in the Cox-Ross-Rubinstein binomial pricing model using the following inputs: the price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance; a risk-free interest rate of , expected volatility of based on the volatility of comparable publicly traded entities, various exercise prices, and terms of years. The fair value of options granted is expensed as vesting occurs over the applicable service periods. 

During the period ended December 31, 2022, the Company calculated the fair value of the options granted based on assumptions used in the Cox-Ross-Rubinstein binomial pricing model using the following inputs: the price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance; risk-free interest rates ranging from to , expected volatility ranging from to based on the volatility of the Company s common stock, various exercise prices, and terms of years. The fair value of options granted is expensed as vesting occurs over the applicable service periods. 

During September 2021, shares of restricted common stock were granted with vesting at issuance and the remaining shares vesting quarterly over nine months. As of December 31, 2021, of the restricted common stock shares had vested and are included in common stock payable. As of December 31, 2022, all of the restricted common shares have vested and been issued. 

During September 2022, 29,412 shares of restricted common stock were granted with vesting quarterly over twelve months. As of December 31, 2022, shares of the restricted common stock shares have vested. 

The following table presents the Company s options as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

- 

Issued 

Forfeited 

Exercised 

- 

Options as of December 31, 2021 

Issued 

Forfeited 

Exercised 

- 

Options as of December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022, options to purchase shares were vested and options to purchase shares remained unvested. The Company expects to incur expenses for the unvested options totaling as they vest. 

shares of common stock prior to the appointment of Mr. Winspear as a director and our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, and paid Winspear an additional shares of common stock as a result of the Company s listing on Nasdaq. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, Cyfeon Solutions Inc. provided services related to the development and management of the Company s software platform totaling . Cyfeon Solutions Inc. is owned by Brandon Smith, who was appointed as our Chief Technology Officer in December 2021. There was an outstanding payable due to Cyfeon Solutions Inc. of at December 31, 2021, which was paid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The Company entered into Conversion Rights Agreement dated effective as of October 14, 2021, with Mr. Kepler. The Conversion Agreement limits the rights of the holder(s) of our outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock to convert such shares into Common Stock (Note 4). 

. The loan carries an interest rate of an initial maturity of May 1, 2022. During August 2021, the Company received partial loan forgiveness from the SBA reducing the principal balance of the note to . During December 2021, the terms of the note were amended to carry an interest rate of and mature on May 4, 2025. As of December 31, 2022, the unpaid balance of the note totaled 68,347. 

On November 12, 2020, the Company executed a Loan Agreement with certain lenders (the Lenders and FVP Servicing LLC FVP ), as agent for the Lenders in connection with the issuance of a Note in the amount of bearing interest at per annum with an initial maturity of November 12, 2022. Simultaneously, with the execution of the Loan Agreement, the Company also entered into an agreement with an affiliate of FVP to provide certain credit and debit card processing services for the Company, which services will continue for a period of one year after the loan is repaid and contains a right of first refusal to continue to provide such services in the future subject to certain limitations. Mr. Kepler executed a guaranty in favor of FVP in connection with the loan. Proceeds from the loan were used to repay the existing senior secured loan balance of along with accrued interest, certain outstanding trade payables in the amount of and for general working capital purposes. In addition, the Company granted the Lender a security interest in substantially all of its assets. As of December 31, 2021, the unpaid balance of the note totaled . The note was repaid in full during November 2022. 

On March 9, 2022 the Company and FVP amended the Loan Agreement to change the Debt Service Coverage Ratio measurement date from the quarter ended December 31, 2021 to the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the effect of which was to cure what would otherwise have caused a breach of the Debt Service Coverage Ratio for the quarter ended December 31, 2021. 

square feet of office space at 5430 LBJ Freeway, Dallas, Texas. During September 2017 the Company amended the lease to expand its space by approximately square feet for a total of square feet and extended the expiration date to September 30, 2022. During February 2021, the Company amended its lease with TIAA to expand its space by approximately square feet for a total of square feet and extended the expiration date to September 30, 2025. On April 14, 2021, the Company amended its lease with TIAA extending the lease expiration until September 30, 2028. 

Operating lease agreements are required to be recognized on the balance sheet as right of use assets and corresponding lease liabilities under ASC 842, Leases. When measuring right of use assets and the corresponding liabilities, the Company discounted lease payments using an estimated incremental borrowing rate of . As a result of the February and April 2021 amendments, the Company recognized additional right of use assets and lease liabilities totaling . 

The Company records rent expense associated with this lease on a straight-line basis in conjunction with the terms of the underlying lease. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s office rental expenses totaled approximately 103,00 and , respectively. 

The table below shows the future lease payment obligations: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total remaining lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present Value of remaining lease payments 

Current 

Noncurrent 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

The Company is not currently a defendant in any material litigation or any threatened litigation that could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

to income tax expense at the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: 

Temporary differences 

Permanent differences 

Valuation allowance 

Provision for federal income taxes 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately of unused net operating loss carry forwards. Unused net operating loss carry forwards may provide future tax benefits, although there can be no assurance that these net operating losses will be realized in the future. The tax benefits of these loss carryforward have been fully offset by a valuation allowance. These losses may be used to offset future taxable income and, if not fully utilized, begin to expire in the year 2038. 

to shares. 

On March 16, 2023 the Company purchased shares of Common Stock from Mr. Kepler at a price of per share. The purchase of these shares was done in lieu of Mr. Kepler in order to reduce Mr. Kepler s cash bonus for 2022. As a result, the Company has recorded as a current asset on the accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. These shares from Mr. Kepler were subsequently retired and added back to authorized but unissued shares. In February of 2023, the Company also retired shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to its stock repurchase plan. 

On April 10, 2023, the Company filed an Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State to effect the Reverse Stock Split at a Split Ratio of one-for- four . The Amendment took effect April 10, 2023 at 4:01 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time (the Effective Time and the Company s Common Stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis on The Nasdaq Capital Market at the commencement of trading on April 11, 2023 under the Company s existing symbol BLBX. 

There was no change in the par value of our Common Stock or Preferred Stock. 

As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every shares of the Company s Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was consolidated into one issued and outstanding share. In addition, proportionate adjustments were made to the exercise prices of the Company s outstanding stock options and warrants and to the number of shares issued and issuable under the Company s existing stock incentive plans. 

F-14

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex_501071.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_501071.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-269680) of Blackboxstocks Inc. of our report dated April 14, 2023, relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. 

Dallas, Texas 

 April 14, 2023 

Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. 

			 Accountants and Consultants 

			 12700 Park Central Drive, Suite 1400 

			 Dallas, Texas 75251 

			 Telephone: 972-239-1660 Facsimile: 972-239-1665 

			 Toll Free: 877-853-4195 

			 Web site: turnerstone.com 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex_496110.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Gust Kepler, certify that: 

(1) 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Blackboxstocks Inc.; 

(2) 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

April 14, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Gust Kepler 

Gust Kepler 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex_496109.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Robert Winspear, certify that: 

(1) 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Blackboxstocks Inc.; 

(2) 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

April 14, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Robert Winspear 

Robert Winspear 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex_496108.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Blackboxstocks Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gust Kepler, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Gust Kepler 

 Gust Kepler 

 Principal Executive Officer 

 April 14, 2023 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company or purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this certification has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex_496107.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Blackboxstocks Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gust Kepler, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Robert Winspear 

 Robert Winspear 

 Principal Financial Officer 

 April 14, 2023 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company or purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this certification has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 blbx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 blbx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 blbx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 blbx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 blbx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

