<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230607_10-K_edgar_data_1752372_0001493152-23-020338.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5948482</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>240774</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>941646</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2357346</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1018473</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1235925</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-020338.hdr.sgml : 20230607
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230607060436
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-020338
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230607
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230607

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ezagoo Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001752372
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				301077936
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-228681
		FILM NUMBER:		23997588

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		YIJIAREN BUSINESS HOTEL NO.168,
		STREET 2:		TONG ZI PO XI LU, YUELE DISTRICT
		CITY:			CHANGSHA, HUNAN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			410205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8613975109168

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		YIJIAREN BUSINESS HOTEL NO.168,
		STREET 2:		TONG ZI PO XI LU, YUELE DISTRICT
		CITY:			CHANGSHA, HUNAN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			410205

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-020338.txt : 20230607

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant issuer as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , Beijing , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

Registrant s
phone number, including area code 

 (+ 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common stock, par value 0.0001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
twelve months (or shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY 

 PROCEEDINGS
DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has fled all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. 

Yes
 No 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 5, 2023,
was approximately million. 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class 
 
 Outstanding
 at June 5, 2023 
 
 Common
 Stock, .0001 par value 

Ezagoo
Limited 

 FORM
10-K 

 For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

 Index 

Page
 # 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 21 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 23 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 28 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedure 
 28 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 29 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 30 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 32 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 34 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 34 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 35 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 36 

SIGNATURES 
 37 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather
are based on current expectations, estimates and projections. We may use words such as anticipate, expect, 
 intend, plan, believe, foresee, estimate and variations of these
words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are
subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 

The
 availability and adequacy of our cash flow to meet our requirements; 

Economic,
 competitive, demographic, business and other conditions in our local and regional markets; 

Changes
 or developments in laws, regulations or taxes in our industry; 

Actions
 taken or omitted to be taken by third parties including our suppliers and competitors, as well as legislative, regulatory, judicial
 and other governmental authorities; 

Competition
 in our industry; 

The
 loss of or failure to obtain any license or permit necessary or desirable in the operation of our business; 

Changes
 in our business strategy, capital improvements or development plans; 

The
 availability of additional capital to support capital improvements and development; and 

Other
 risks identified in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the SEC. 

This
report should be read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect.
The forward looking statements included in this report are made as of the date of this report and should be evaluated with consideration
of any changes occurring after the date of this Report. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change
in the future and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise. 

Use
of Defined Terms 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this Report to: 

The
 Company, we, us, or our, Ezagoo are references to Ezagoo Limited,
 a Nevada corporation. 

Common
 Stock refers to the common stock, par value .0001, of the Company; 

U.S.
 dollar, and US refer to the legal currency of the United States; 

Securities
 Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and 

Exchange
 Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Business
Overview 

Ezagoo
Limited, a Nevada corporation the Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 9, 2018. 

Beijing
Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited BEZL is the Company through which we operate, and which shares our business
plan to provide video advertising on the mobile application named Xindian that is developed by the Company. Prior to December
31, 2016, Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited BEZL was initially a startup stage company engaged in e-commerce,
offering electronics products for sale such as, but not limited to, mobile phones, tablets and related accessories. Due to continued
losses from their e-commerce business activities, and high competition in the industry, BEZL discontinued all e-commerce business activities
and sold off any remaining inventories relating to such e-commerce activities. Following December 31, 2016, the Company adopted its current
business plan. 

According to the
announcement of that was
issued by the Changsha government on November 17, 2020, In order to accelerate the development of the Changsha City, the local
government decided to set up the Changsha Public Transportation Group Ltd, which is holds Baojun Bus Co., Zhongwang Bus Co., and Tongchang
Bus Co. These mentioned Bus companies are used to be our vendors, our contracts with Zhongwang Bus Co., and Tongchang Bus Co.,
were expired on February 9, 2021, and April 1, 2020, respectively, and we were not renewed as they were the first batch of bus companies
to be merged by the Changsha government. The contract with Baojun Bus Co., was expired on December 31, 2020 but we continued the bus
rent on a monthly basis until December 28, 2021. The Changsha government completed the merge and acquisition at the end of 2021, which
makes it very difficult for us to continue to operate in this area. 

As of January 1, 2022, the Company s revenue will mainly be generated
revenue from Xindian application platform, the Company operates within the Chinese digital advertising network through advertisements displayed on the mobile application
named Xindian that was launched on October 2020. And during September 2022, the Company sells health and beauty products on two WeChat Applications, one is
 Zhi Cheng Zhen Xuan , hereinafter ZCZX and the other is LSM ). 

The
Xindian platform is relying on strong R D background to build a technology based on block chain, fusion merchants and user needs
in the integration of social short video platform, that provides many functions, such as self-service advertising, sharing and creating
short video, making money in space time, selling goods online and shopping, social networking. We aim to build an innovative service
platform for industrial clusters. Furthermore, we focus on medical beauty and anti-aging scale that differentiate us from another short video
platform. However, the number of Xindian users and the promotion of it is not higher and attractive than the competitor applications
(Tik Tok, RED, TaoBao, JD, Pinduoduo, etc.). On September 2022, we decided to subscribe two WeChat Applications from the Weimob ,
HK02013) for e-commerce trading to sell the health and beauty products. 

In
2022, the world has entered its third year with the COVID-19 epidemic. Under the repeated impact of the epidemic, the global health
awareness is increasing, and consumers are paying more and more attention to whether the daily diet is healthy. According to the
2022 National Health Insight report released by Doctor Dingxiang, half of Chinese people say their eating habits have become
healthier since the pandemic. With the improvement of Chinese residents living standards, health has become the consensus of
more and more people. Currently, the health industry in China has broken through RMB1,000,000,000, and the market scale is expanding
steadily, and China is constantly encouraging the development of the health industry. 

Health
food is a kind of food, with general food common, its raw materials are mainly from natural animals and plants, through advanced production
technology, it contains a wealth of effective ingredients to play the role to the maximum, so as to regulate human function, mainly including
high-quality agricultural products, health food, etc. There are three main categories of healthy foods, namely cereals, dried fruits
and other healthy foods. Cereals usually refer to unprocessed cereals or foods made from processed whole grains. Cereals usually include
whole grain meal replacements, multigrains, breakfast cereals, etc. 

At
present, China s health food focuses on immune regulation, anti-aging, anti-fatigue and other fields, and the future development
trend is that the product function distribution will gradually be diverged, and the health food industry will become rational. Traditional
Chinese medicine health food, health food for the aged, occupational health food, insect health food, Marine health food, the third-generation
health food and so on are the future development direction of health food in China. 

Marketing
Plan 

We
expect to increase our marketing efforts through our President s personal networks and industry association channels which have
not, at this point in time, been fully identified. Additionally, we intend to bolster our professional reputation and image by showcasing
our knowledge and industry expertise via marketing campaigns through various forms of media. We have undefined plans to initially market
our services through webinars, the creation of a wide variety of white papers, newsletters, books, and other information offerings. Furthermore,
we plan to begin a social media campaign utilizing blogs, twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Weibo, WeChat etc. A targeted campaign is intended
to be made to focus on start-ups and small to mid-size companies in various industries. 

Competition 

We
compete primarily with several different groups of competitors: Online advertising companies that operate digital advertising, short
video, E-commerce, such as Tik Tok, RED, TaoBao, JD, Pinduoduo, etc. 

The
digital advertising industry our company operates in is extremely competitive and there are limited barriers to entry, thus new competitors
frequently enter the market. We believe that existing and new competitors will continue to improve their services and introduce new services
with competitive pricing and performance characteristics. In periods of reduced demand for our services, we can either choose to maintain
market share by reducing our prices to attract new customers, or maintain prices, which would likely reduce market share. Sales and overall
profitability could be reduced in either case. 

4 

Future
Plans 

In
accordance with the overall Amiba transformation strategy of the Company in 2022, we have been further upgraded in the development direction
of the project, with one Xindian Platform, two Wechat applications, ZCZX and LSM, and three directions, Xin Beauty, Xin Food, Xin Farm,
to build a health industry chain. It is our goal to optimize the efficiency of city services and connect to residents by creating the
online advertising network in China. We aim to be a promoter and participator of a health beauty concept. At present, we
solely focus on Changsha city, but in the future, we plan to allocate funds to integrate advertisement, Xindian platform and new communication
technology regionally. And we expect to reach more than 500 million users on our platform and expand to 300 cities throughout Mainland
China in the next three to five years. 

However,
without an appropriate budget and intensive research, plans referring to development, expansion, potential unidentified acquisitions
and concrete timescales cannot be determined at present. 

Government
regulation 

We
are subject to the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate, which may include business licensing requirements,
income taxes and payroll taxes. In general, the development and operation of our business is not subject to special regulatory and/or
supervisory requirements. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have 46 employees comprised of our President Xiaohao Tan and Chief Financial Officer Xin Yang, all of which
were on a full-time basis. All of our employees are based in the cities of Beijing and Changsha, where our operations are located. 

As
required by PRC regulations, we participate in various government statutory employee benefit plans, including social insurance funds,
namely a pension contribution plan, a medical insurance plan, an unemployment insurance plan, a work-related injury insurance plan, a
maternity insurance plan and a housing provident fund. We are required under PRC law to make contributions to employee benefit plans
at specified percentages of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of our employees, up to a maximum amount specified by the local
government from time to time. 

We
believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees, and we have not experienced any major labor disputes. 

Available
Information 

Our
Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to
Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free
of charge on our corporate website (http://www.ezagoo.show/ as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with
or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The foregoing website addresses are provided as inactive textual
references only. We periodically provide other information for investors on our corporate website. This includes press releases and other
information about financial performance and information on corporate governance. The information contained on the websites referenced
in this Form 10-K is not part of this report and is not incorporated by reference into this filing. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report, which could materially and adversely affect
our business, results of operations or financial condition. Our business faces significant risks and the risks described below may not
be the only risks we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may materially affect
our business, results of operations, or financial condition. If any of these risks occur, the trading price of our common stock could
be decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

COVID-19
Pandemic 

COVID-19
pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business and our financial results. 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was discovered in China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout the world. On
January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the COVID-19 disease a Public Health Emergency of International
Concern. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic. The COVID-19
outbreak has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis that could
materially and adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the operations and financial position of any potential
target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable
to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with
potential investors, if the target company s personnel, vendors and service providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate
a transaction in a timely manner, or if COVID-19 causes a prolonged economic downturn. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search
for business combinations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information
which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions
posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination,
or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

5 

In
addition, our ability to consummate a business combination may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may
be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party
financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

COVID-19
could negatively affect our internal controls over financial reporting as a portion of our workforce is required to work from home and
therefore new processes, procedures, and controls could be required to respond to changes in our business environment. Further, should
any key employees become ill from COVID-19 and unable to work, the attention of the management team and resources could be diverted. 

The
potential effects of COVID-19 could also heighten the risks we face related to each of the risk factors disclosed below. As COVID-19
and its impacts are unprecedented and continuously evolving, the potential impacts to these risk factors remain uncertain. As a result,
COVID-19 may also materially adversely affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not currently known to us or that
we do not currently consider may present significant risks to our operations. 

Risks
Related to our Business 

We
rely entirely on the operations of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited BEZL ). Any successes or failures
of BEZL will directly impact our financial condition and may cause your investment to be either positively or negatively impacted. 

At
present, we share the same business plan as, and rely entirely upon, Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited BEZL ).
Any successes or failures of BEZL will directly impact our financial condition and may cause your investment to be either positively
or negatively impacted. BEZL is considered a variable interest entity through which we operate exclusively at this time and we have been
deemed to currently be a direct beneficiary of BEZL. As such, in the event that the business of operations of BEZL were to fail, then
our own business would, in turn, fail as well. We would be forced to either drastically alter our business strategy, or we would likely
cease operations entirely, which could result in the whole or partial loss of any investments made in the Company. 

Competition
from both large, established industry participants and new market entrants may negatively affect our current and future results of operations. 

We
face vigorous competition from companies throughout the world and in China specifically, including large multinational advertising companies.
Some established competitors have greater resources and better accessibility than us, therefore they are able to adapt quicker to changes
in customer requirements and reach customers easier from all over the globe. If we are unable to continue to compete effectively, it
could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If
we do not manage our growth effectively, the quality of our solution or our relationships with our customers may suffer, and our operating
results may be negatively affected. 

We
rely heavily on information technology, or IT, systems to manage critical functions such as advertising e-commerce campaign management
and operations, data storage and retrieval, revenue recognition, budgeting, forecasting, financial reporting and other administrative
functions. To manage our growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our infrastructure, including our IT, financial and
administrative systems and controls. We must also continue to manage our employees, operations, finances, research and development and
capital investments efficiently. Our productivity and the quality of our solution may be adversely affected if we do not integrate and
train our new employees, particularly our sales and account management personnel, quickly and effectively and if we fail to appropriately
coordinate across our executive, engineering, finance, human resources, legal, marketing, sales, operations and customer support teams.
If we continue our rapid growth, we will incur additional expenses, and our growth may continue to place a strain on our resources, infrastructure
and ability to maintain the quality of our solution. If we do not adapt to meet these evolving growth challenges, and if the current
and future members of our management team do not effectively scale with our growth, the quality of our solution may suffer and our corporate
culture may be harmed. Failure to manage our future growth effectively could cause our business to suffer, which, in turn, could have
an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may require additional capital to support growth, and such capital might not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. This
could hamper our growth and adversely affect our business. 

We
intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds, beyond those generated by this
offering, to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features or enhance our platform, improve our operating
infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in public or private equity,
equity-linked or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible
debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights,
preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve
restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, including the ability to
pay dividends. This may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential
acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate
financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and respond to business
challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business could be adversely affected. 

6 

We
may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors because competition in our industry is intense, and our
competitors may offer solutions that are perceived by our customers to be more attractive than ours. These factors could result in declining
revenue, or inability to grow our business. 

Competition
for our advertisers advertising budgets is intense. We also expect competition to increase as the barriers to enter our market
are low. Increased competition may force us to charge less for our solution, or offer pricing models that are less attractive to us and
decrease our margins. Our principal competitors include companies that offer demand-side platforms that allow advertisers to purchase
inventory directly from advertising exchanges or other third parties and manage their own consumer data, traditional advertising networks
and advertising agencies themselves. 

We
also rely predominately on advertising agencies to purchase our solution on behalf of advertisers, and certain of those agencies or agency
holding companies are creating competitive solutions, referred to as agency trading desks. If these agency trading desks are successful
in leveraging their relationships with the advertisers we may be unable to compete even if our solution is more effective. Many agencies
that we work with are also owned by large agency holding companies. For various reasons related to the agencies own priorities
or those of their holding companies, they may not recommend our solution, even though it may be more effective, and we may not have the
opportunity to demonstrate our value to advertisers. 

Many
current and potential competitors have competitive advantages relative to us, such as longer operating histories, greater name recognition,
larger client bases, greater access to advertising inventory on premium websites and significantly greater financial, technical, sales
and marketing resources. Increased competition may result in reduced pricing for our solution, longer sales cycles or a decrease of our
market share, any of which could negatively affect our revenue and future operating results and our ability to grow our business. 

We
have been dependent on short video and digital display advertising. A decrease in the use of display advertising, or our inability to
further penetrate display, mobile, social and video advertising channels would harm our business, growth prospects, operating results
and financial condition. 

Historically,
our customers have predominantly used our solution for short video display advertising, and the substantial majority of our revenue is
derived from advertisers, that use our solution for short video display advertising. We expect that digital display advertising will
continue to be a significant channel used by our customers. Recently, the overall demand for our display advertising growth has been
decline. In addition, our failure to achieve market acceptance of our solution for mobile, social and video advertising would harm our
growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
have historically relied, and expect to continue to rely, on our existing customers for a significant portion of our revenue. The loss
of any of existing customers could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
expect that we will continue to depend upon our existing customers for a significant portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future.
As a result, if we fail to successfully attract or retain new or existing customers or if existing customers run fewer advertisement
and e-commerce order campaigns with us, defer or cancel their insertion orders, or terminate their relationship with us altogether, whether
through the actions of their agency representatives or otherwise, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be
harmed. 

Our
sales and marketing efforts require significant investment, which may not yield returns in the foreseeable future, if at all. 

We
have invested significant resources in our research and development, sales and marketing teams to educate potential and prospective advertisers
about the value of our solution. We often spend substantial time and resources explaining how our solution can optimize advertising campaigns
in real time, and responding to requests for proposals from potential advertisers, including developing material specific to the needs
of such potential advertisers. Our business depends in part upon advertisers confidence that represent those advertisers, that
our use of real-time advertising exchanges to purchase inventory is superior to other methods of purchasing digital display advertising.
We may not be successful in attracting new advertisers despite our investment in our business development, sales and marketing organizations. 

If
we do not effectively grow and train our sales team, we may be unable to add new customers or increase sales to our existing customers,
and our business would be adversely affected. 

We
continue to be substantially dependent on our sales team to obtain new customers and to drive sales from our existing customers. We believe
that there is significant competition for sales personnel with the skills and technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve
significant revenue growth will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training, integrating and retaining sufficient numbers
of sales personnel to support our growth. Our current sales team is mainly trained and experienced in selling to advertising and e-commerce.
If more of our business shifts to direct relationships with brand advertisers, we may not have an adequately trained sales team to support
that shift and to sell products effectively to those advertisers. New hires require significant training and it may take significant
time before they achieve full productivity. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become productive as quickly as we expect, and
we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business or plan to do business.
In addition, as we continue to grow rapidly, a large percentage of our sales team will be new to the Company and our solution. If we
are unable to hire and train sufficient numbers of effective sales personnel, or the sales personnel are not successful in obtaining
new customers or increasing sales to our existing customer base, our business would be adversely affected. 

7 

Risks
Related to Doing Business in China 

Certain judgments obtained against us by our
officers and directors may not be enforceable 

We are a Nevada corporation
but most of our assets are and will be located outside of the United States. Almost all our operations are conducted in the PRC. In addition,
all our officers and directors are the nationals and residents of a country other than the United States. Almost all of their assets are
located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect service of process within the United States upon
them. It may also be difficult for you to enforce in U.S. courts judgments on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities
laws against us and our officers and directors, since he or she is not a resident in the United States. In addition, there is uncertainty
as to whether the courts of the PRC or other jurisdictions would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts. 

Regulations Relating to M A
Rules and certain other PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors,
which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China. 

On August 8,
2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, including the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, adopted the Regulations on Mergers
of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, which became effective on September 8, 2006 and was amended on June
22, 2009. Foreign investors shall comply with the M A Rules when they purchase equity interests of a domestic company or subscribe
the increased capital of a domestic company, thus changing the nature of the domestic company into a foreign-invested enterprise; or when
the foreign investors establish a foreign-invested enterprise in the PRC, purchase the assets of a domestic company and operate the assets;
or when the foreign investors purchase the asset of a domestic company, establish a foreign-invested enterprise by injecting such assets
and operate the assets. The M A Rules purport, among other things, to require offshore special purpose vehicles formed for overseas
listing purposes through acquisitions of PRC domestic companies and controlled by PRC companies or individuals, to obtain the approval
of the CSRC prior to publicly listing their securities on an overseas stock exchange. 

The M A
Rules discussed in the risk factor and related regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions established additional procedures
and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex. For example,
the M A Rules require that MOFCOM be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control
of a PRC domestic enterprise, if (i) any important industry is concerned, (ii) such transaction involves factors that have or may have
impact on the national economic security, or (iii) such transaction will lead to a change in control of a domestic enterprise which holds
a famous trademark or PRC time-honored brand, (iv) or in circumstances where overseas companies established or controlled by PRC enterprises
or residents acquire affiliated domestic companies. Mergers, acquisitions or contractual arrangements that allow one market player to
take control of or to exert decisive impact on another market player must also be notified in advance to the MOFCOM when the threshold
under the Provisions on Thresholds for Prior Notification of Concentrations of Undertakings issued by the State Council in August 2008
is triggered. 

In addition,
the security review rules issued by the MOFCOM that became effective in September 2011 specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign
investors that raise national defense and security concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors
may acquire de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise national security concerns are subject to strict review
by the MOFCOM, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review, including by structuring the transaction
through a proxy or contractual control arrangement. Furthermore, according to the security review, foreign investments that would result
in acquiring the actual control of assets in certain key sectors, such as critical agricultural products, energy and resources, equipment
manufacturing, infrastructure, transport, cultural products and services, information technology, Internet products and services, financial
services and technology sectors, are required to obtain approval from designated governmental authorities in advance. 

In
the future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements of the above-mentioned regulations
and other relevant rules to complete such transactions, if required, could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including
obtaining approval from the MOFCOM or its local counterparts may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions. It is unclear
whether our business would be deemed to be in an industry that raises national defense and security or national security 
concerns. However, the MOFCOM or other government agencies may publish explanations in the future determining that our business is in
an industry subject to the security review, in which case our future acquisitions in the PRC, including those by way of entering into
contractual control arrangements with target entities, may be closely scrutinized or prohibited. Our ability to expand our business or
maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, according
to the M A Rules, if a PRC entity or individual plans to merge or acquire its related PRC entity through an overseas company legitimately
incorporated or controlled by such entity or individual, such a merger and acquisition will be subject to examination and approval by
the MOFCOM. There is a possibility that the PRC regulators may promulgate new rules or explanations requiring that we obtain the approval
of the MOFCOM or other PRC governmental authorities for our completed or ongoing mergers and acquisitions. There is no assurance that,
if we plan to make an acquisition, we can obtain such approval from the MOFCOM or any other relevant PRC governmental authorities for
our mergers and acquisitions, and if we fail to obtain those approvals, we may be required to suspend our acquisition and be subject to
penalties. Any uncertainties regarding such approval requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and corporate structure. 

8 

China s
political climate and economic conditions, as well as changes in government policies, laws and regulations which may be quick with little
advance notice, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are subject, to a significant extent, to economic, political and legal
developments in China. For example, as a result of recent proposed changes in the cybersecurity regulations in China that would require
certain Chinese technology firms to undergo a cybersecurity review before being allowed to list on foreign exchanges, this may have the
effect of further narrowing the list of potential businesses in China s consumer, technology and mobility sectors that we intend
to focus on for our business combination or the ability of the combined entity to list in the United States. 

China s
economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the amount of government involvement, level
of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While the PRC economy has experienced significant
growth in the past two to three decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. Demand
for target services and products depends, in large part, on economic conditions in China. Any slowdown in China s economic growth
may cause our potential customers to delay or cancel their plans to purchase our services and products, which in turn could reduce our
net revenues. 

Although
China s economy has been transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy since the late 1970s, the PRC government
continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The PRC government also exercises
significant control over China s economic growth through allocating resources, controlling the incurrence and payment of foreign
currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies.
Changes in any of these policies, laws and regulations may be quick with little advance notice and could adversely affect the economy
in China and could have a material adverse effect on our business and the value of our common stock. 

The
PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage foreign investment and sustainable economic growth and to guide the allocation
of financial and other resources. However, we cannot assure you that the PRC government will not repeal or alter these measures or introduce
new measures that will have a negative effect on us, or more specifically, we cannot assure you that the PRC government will not initiate
possible governmental actions or scrutiny to us, which could substantially affect our operation and the value of our common stock may
depreciate quickly. China s social and political conditions may change and become unstable. Any sudden changes to China s
political system or the occurrence of widespread social unrest could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Uncertainties
with respect to the PRC legal system could adversely affect us, including risks and uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws and
that rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance notice. 

We
conduct substantially all of our business through our subsidiaries in China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations.
Our PRC subsidiaries are generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and, in particular, laws
and regulations applicable to wholly foreign-owned enterprises. The PRC legal system is based on statutes. Prior court decisions may
be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. 

Since
1979, PRC legislation and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in
China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently
cover all aspects of economic activities in China. In particular, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve
uncertainties. Since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory
provisions and contractual terms, it may be difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of
legal protection we enjoy. These uncertainties may affect our judgment on the relevance of legal requirements and our ability to enforce
our contractual rights or tort claims. In addition, these regulatory uncertainties may be exploited through unmerited or frivolous legal
actions or threats in attempts to extract payments or benefits from us. 

In
addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published on a timely
basis or at all) that may change quickly with little advance notice or have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of
our violation of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Communist Party
of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued a document to enhance its enforcement against illegal
activities in the securities markets and promote the high-quality development of capital markets, which, among other things, requires
the relevant governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law-enforcement and judicial cooperation, to enhance supervision
over Chinese companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the system of extraterritorial application of the Chinese securities
laws. Since this document is relatively new, uncertainties exist in relation to how soon legislative or administrative regulation-making
bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or
promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on companies like us. It is especially
difficult for us to accurately predict the potential impact on us of new legal requirements in mainland China because the Chinese legal
system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions under the civil law system
may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. 

Such
uncertainties, including any inability to enforce our contracts, together with any development or interpretation of PRC law that is adverse
to us, could materially and adversely affect our business and operations. Furthermore, intellectual property rights and confidentiality
protections in China may not be as effective as in the United States or other more developed countries. We cannot predict the effect
of future developments in the PRC legal system, including the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws or the interpretation
or enforcement thereof, or the preemption of local regulations by national laws. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections
available to us and our investors. 

9 

The
Chinese government may intervene or influence the operation of our PRC subsidiaries and exercise significant oversight and discretion
over the conduct of their business and may intervene in or influence their operations at any time, or may exert more control over securities
offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in operations
of our PRC subsidiaries and/or the value of our common stock. 

The
Chinese government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through
regulation and state ownership. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those
relating to securities regulation, data protection, cybersecurity and mergers and acquisitions and other matters. The central or local
governments of these jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require
additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. 

Government
actions in the future could significantly affect economic conditions in China or particular regions thereof, and could require us to
materially change our operating activities or divest ourselves of any interests we hold in Chinese assets. Our business may be subject
to various government and regulatory interference in the areas in which we operate. We may incur increased costs necessary to comply
with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. Our operations could be adversely affected,
directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws and regulations relating to our business or industry. 

Given
recent statements by the Chinese government indicating an intent to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted
overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, any such action could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability
to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

Recently,
the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued
the Opinions on Severely Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities According to Law, or the Opinions, which was made available to
the public on July 6, 2021. The Opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities, and
the need to strengthen the supervision over overseas listings by Chinese companies. Effective measures, such as promoting the construction
of relevant regulatory systems, will be taken to deal with the risks and incidents of China-based overseas listed companies. As of the
date of this report, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, or sanctions from PRC government authorities in connection with
the Opinions. 

On
June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress of China, or the SCNPC, promulgated the Data Security Law,
which took effect in September 2021. The PRC Data Security Law imposes data security and privacy obligations on entities and individuals
carrying out data activities, and introduces a data classification and hierarchical protection system based on the importance of data
in economic and social development, and the degree of harm it will cause to national security, public interests, or legitimate rights
and interests of individuals or organizations when such data is tampered with, destroyed, leaked, illegally acquired or used. The PRC
Data Security Law also provides for a national security review procedure for data activities that may affect national security and imposes
export restrictions on certain data an information. The law provides for privacy obligations of entities and individuals carrying out
data activities, prohibits entities and individuals in China from providing any foreign judicial or law enforcement authority with any
data stored in China without approval from the competent PRC authority, and sets forth the legal liabilities of entities and individuals
found to be in violation of their data protection obligations, including rectification order, warning, fines of up to RMB10 million,
suspension of relevant business, and revocation of business permits or licenses. 

In
early July 2021, regulatory authorities in China launched cybersecurity investigations with regard to several China-based companies that
are listed in the United States. The Chinese cybersecurity regulator announced on July 2 that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global
Inc. (NYSE: DIDI) and two days later ordered that the company s app be removed from smartphone app stores. On July 5, 2021, the
Chinese cybersecurity regulator launched the same investigation on two other Internet platforms, China s Full Truck Alliance of
Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd. (NYSE: YMM) and Boss of KANZHUN LIMITED (Nasdaq: BZ). On July 24, 2021, the General Office of the Communist
Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly released the Guidelines for Further Easing the Burden
of Excessive Homework and Off-campus Tutoring for Students at the Stage of Compulsory Education, pursuant to which foreign investment
in such firms via mergers and acquisitions, franchise development, and variable interest entities are banned from that sector. 

On
July 10, 2021, the CAC released the Cybersecurity Review Measures (Revised Draft for Solicitation of Comments), or the Revised Cybersecurity
Measures, pursuant to which operator holding more than one million users/users (which is to be further specified) individual information
shall be subject to cybersecurity review before listing abroad. The cybersecurity review will evaluate, among others, the risk of critical
information infrastructure, core data, important data, or a large amount of personal information being influenced, controlled or maliciously
used by foreign governments after going public overseas. The procurement of network products and services, data processing activities
and overseas listing should also be subject to cybersecurity review if they concern or potentially pose risks to national security. According
to the effective Cybersecurity Review Measures, online platform/website operators of certain industries may be identified as critical
information infrastructure operators by the CAC, once they meet standard as stated in the National Cybersecurity Inspection Operation
Guide, and such operators may be subject to cybersecurity review. The scope of business operations and financing activities that are
subject to the Revised Cybersecurity Measures and the implementation thereof is not yet clear. As of the date of this report, we have
not been informed by any PRC governmental authority of any requirement that we file for approval in connection with an offering of our
common stock. 

10 

On
August 17, 2021, the State Council promulgated the Regulations on the Protection of the Security of Critical Information Infrastructure,
or the Regulations, which took effect on September 1, 2021. The Regulations supplement and specify the provisions on the security of
critical information infrastructure as stated in the Cybersecurity Review Measures. The Regulations provide, among others, that protection
department of certain industry or sector shall notify the operator of the critical information infrastructure in time after the identification
of certain critical information infrastructure. 

On
August 20, 2021, the SCNPC adopted the Personal Information Security Law, which took effect on November 1, 2021. The Personal Information
Protection Law includes the basic rules for personal information processing, the rules for cross-border provision of personal information,
the rights of individuals in personal information processing activities, the obligations of personal information processors, and the
legal responsibilities for illegal collection, processing, and use of personal information. As the first systematic and comprehensive
law specifically for the protection of personal information in the PRC, the Personal Information Protection Law provides, among others,
that (i) an individual s consent shall be obtained to use sensitive personal information, such as biometric characteristics and
individual location tracking, (ii) personal information operators using sensitive personal information shall notify individuals of the
necessity of such use and impact on the individual s rights, and (iii) where personal information operators reject an individual s
request to exercise his or her rights, the individual may file a lawsuit with a People s Court. 

On
December 28, 2021, the CAC, NDRC, and other regulatory agencies jointly issued the final version of the Revised Cybersecurity Review
Measures, or the Measures, which took effect and replace the previously issued Revised Measures for Cybersecurity Review on February
15, 2022. Under the Revised Review Measures, an online platform operator in possession of personal data of more than one
million users must apply for a cybersecurity review if it intends to list its securities on a foreign stock exchange. The operators of
critical information infrastructure purchasing network products and services, and the online platform operators (together with the operators
of critical information infrastructure, the Operators carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect
national security, shall conduct a cybersecurity review, and any online platform operator who controls more than one million users 
personal information must go through a cybersecurity review by the cybersecurity review office if it seeks to be listed in a foreign
country. 

With
regard to the current effective data security management regulations, we don t believe that we are required to conduct data security
review for listing overseas. However, according to the Regulations on Network Data Security Management (Draft for Comment), as an overseas
listed company, we will be required to conduct an annual data security review and to comply with the relevant reporting obligations.
We have been closely monitoring the development in the regulatory landscape in China, particularly regarding the requirement of approvals,
including on a retrospective basis, from the CSRC, the CAC or other PRC authorities with respect to this offering, as well as regarding
any annual data security review or other procedures that may be imposed on us. If any approval, review or other procedure is in fact
required, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such approval or complete such review or other procedure timely or at all.
For any approval that we may be able to obtain, it could nevertheless be revoked and the terms of its issuance may impose restrictions
on our operations and offerings relating to our securities. The regulatory requirements with respect to cybersecurity and data privacy
are constantly evolving and can be subject to varying interpretations, and significant changes, resulting in uncertainties about the
scope of our responsibilities in that regard. Failure to comply with the cybersecurity and data privacy requirements in a timely manner,
or at all, may subject us to government enforcement actions and investigations, fines, penalties, suspension or disruption of our operations,
among other things. 

Given
that the above referenced laws, regulations and policies were recently promulgated or publicly released, their interpretation, application
and enforcement are subject to substantial uncertainties. 

Recent
regulatory developments in China, including greater oversight and control by the CAC over data security, may subject us to additional
regulatory review and any actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight and control over foreign investment in China-based
issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the
value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

Recent
statements by the Chinese government have indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas
and/or foreign investments in China based issuers. The PRC government recently initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements
to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, among other things, including adopting new measures to extend the
scope of cybersecurity reviews, cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly
enforcement. The PRC government is increasingly focused on data security, recently launching cybersecurity review against a number of
mobile apps operated by several U.S.-listed Chinese companies and prohibiting these apps from registering new users during the review
period. We are subject to various risks and costs related to the collection, use, sharing, retention, security, and transfer of confidential
and private information, such as personal information and other data. Such covered data is wide ranging and relates to our investors,
employees, contractors and other third parties. The relevant PRC laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers
of information between Ezagoo Nevada, offshore subsidiaries, our PRC subsidiaries, and other parties with which we have commercial relations. 

The
PRC regulatory and enforcement regime with regard to privacy and data security is evolving. The PRC Cybersecurity Law, which was promulgated
on November 7, 2016 and became effective on June 1, 2017, provides that personal information and important data collected and generated
by operators of critical information infrastructure in the course of their operations in the PRC should be stored in the PRC, and the
law imposes heightened regulation and additional security obligations on operators of critical information infrastructure. 

11 

On
November 14, 2021, the CAC published the Regulations of Internet Data Security Management (Draft for Comments), which further regulate
the internet data processing activities and emphasize the supervision and management of network data security, and further stipulate
the obligations of internet platform operators, such as to establish a system for disclosure of platform rules, privacy policies and
algorithmic strategies related to data. Specifically, the draft regulations require data processors to, among others, (i) adopt immediate
remediation measures when finding that network products and services they use or provide have security defects and vulnerabilities, or
threaten national security or endanger public interest, and (ii) follow a series of detailed requirements with respect to processing
of personal information, management of important data and proposed overseas transfer of data. In addition, the draft regulations require
data processors handling important data or the data processors to be listed overseas to complete an annual data security assessment and
file a data security assessment report to applicable regulators. Such annual assessment, as required by the draft regulations, would
encompass areas including, but not limited to, the status of important data processing, data security risks identified and the measures
adopted, the effectiveness of data protection measures, the implementation of national data security laws and regulations, data security
incidents that occurred and their handling, and a security assessment with respect to sharing and provision of important data overseas.
As of the date of this report, the draft regulations have been released for public comment only and have not been formally adopted. The
final provisions and the timeline for its adoption are subject to changes and uncertainties. 

We
currently operate three online platform, one is primarily engaged in provide advertisements service in our Xindian platform to our customers
in China, the other two are engaged in provide e-commerce service in our ZCZX and LSM WeChat application to sell health and beauty products
in China, where our customers can register as members first, and then purchase advertisements promotion plan, and health and beauty products.
Our online platform collects customer information and data. Since our online platform has only been in operation for about a year, we
are in the process of studying the newly issued rules and regulations governing cybersecurity and data protection and the industry best
practice, as well as assessing the extent to which our information and data system is not in full compliance with the various requirements
under the newly proposed regulations. Based on the preliminary assessment, our management has determined that we are not in full compliance
with those new proposed rules. For example, we have not consistently informed users of the purpose, method and scope of personal information
and data collections and uses. We also have not fully implemented the measures designed by us to provide additional security to personal
information obtained and stored by us through our online platform. As of the date of this report, the proposed rules have not been adopted
and thus we are not subject to those requirements in the proposed rules. 

We
are committed to taking the necessary actions to satisfy the effective personal information protection and internet data security regulatory
requirements. We have designed a user information protection mechanism, which includes seven detailed personal information and data security
protection measures. We have implemented some of those measures while is in the process of completing the execution of others. We intend
to fully comply with the following requirements should the final rules are issued in the same form as proposed: (a) enter into user information
collection, storage and use rules and privacy agreements with all users, (b) fully inform users of the purpose, method and scope of personal
information and data collection, (c) provide channels for inquiring stored personal information and correcting inaccuracies in information
and data, and (d) remediate for violations of personal information and data security protection policies and guidelines, among other
things. 

On
December 28, 2021, the CAC, NDRC, and several other agencies jointly issued the Cybersecurity Review Measures, or the Measures, which
took effect on February 15, 2022 and replaced Revised Measures for Cybersecurity Review previously issued in July 2021. Under the Measures,
an online platform operator in possession of personal data of more than one million users must apply for a cybersecurity
review if it intends to list its securities on a foreign stock exchange. The operators of critical information infrastructure purchasing
network products and services, and the online platform operators (together with the operators of critical information infrastructure,
the Operators carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security, shall conduct a cybersecurity
review, and any online platform operator who controls more than one million users personal information must go through a cybersecurity
review by the cybersecurity review office if it seeks to be listed in a foreign country. Pursuant to the Measures, we don t believe
we will be subject to the cybersecurity review by the CAC, given that (i) we possess personal information of a relatively small number
of users (approximately 10,840 users) in our business operations as of the date of this report, significantly less than the one million
user threshold set for a data processing operator applying for listing on a foreign exchange that is required to pass such cybersecurity
review; and (ii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus shall not be classified as core
or important data by the authorities. We don t believe that we are an Operator within the meaning of the Measures, nor do we control
more than one million users personal information, and as such, we should not be required to apply for a cybersecurity review under
the Measures. 

However,
in view of the fact that the Measures was released recently and there is a general lack of guidance and substantial uncertainties exist
with respect to their interpretation and implementation. For example, there is still no clear definition of online platform operator .
Whether the data processing activities carried out by traditional enterprises (such as food, medicine, automobile and other production
enterprises) are subject to such review and the scope of the review remain to be further clarified by the regulatory authorities in the
subsequent implementation process. 

Furthermore,
the CAC released the draft of the Regulations on Network Data Security Management (Draft for Comment) in November 2021 for public consultation,
which among other things, stipulates that a data processor listed overseas must conduct an annual data security review by itself or by
engaging a data security service provider and submit the annual data security review report for a given year to the municipal cybersecurity
department before January 31 of the following year. If the draft Regulations on Network Data Security Management are enacted in the current
form, we, as an overseas listed company, will be required to carry out an annual data security review and comply with the relevant reporting
obligations. 

12 

With
regard to the current effective data security management regulations, we don t believe that we are required to conduct data security
review for listing overseas. However, according to the Regulations on Network Data Security Management (Draft for Comment), as an overseas
listed company, we will be required to conduct an annual data security review and to comply with the relevant reporting obligations.
We have been closely monitoring the development in the regulatory landscape in China, particularly regarding the requirement of approvals,
including on a retrospective basis, from the CSRC, the CAC or other PRC authorities with respect to securities offering, as well as regarding
any annual data security review or other procedures that may be imposed on us. If any approval, review or other procedure is in fact
required, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such approval or complete such review or other procedure timely or at all.
For any approval that we may be able to obtain, it could nevertheless be revoked and the terms of its issuance may impose restrictions
on our operations and securities offerings. Any actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight and control over foreign investment
in China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors
and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

The
regulatory requirements with respect to cybersecurity and data privacy are constantly evolving and can be subject to varying interpretations,
and significant changes, resulting in uncertainties about the scope of our responsibilities in that regard. Failure to comply with the
cybersecurity and data privacy requirements in a timely manner, or at all, may subject us to government enforcement actions and investigations,
fines, penalties, suspension or disruption of our operations, among other things. 

Compliance
with the PRC Cybersecurity Law, the PRC National Security Law, the Data Security Law, the Personal Information Protection Law, the Cybersecurity
Review Measures, as well as additional laws and regulations that PRC regulatory bodies may enact in the future, may result in additional
expenses to us and subject us to negative publicity, which could harm our reputation among users and negatively affect the trading price
of our shares in the future. There are also uncertainties with respect to how the PRC Cybersecurity Law, the PRC National Security Law
and the Data Security Law will be implemented and interpreted in practice. PRC regulators, including the Ministry of Public Security,
the MIIT, the SAMR and the CAC, have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data protection, including
for mobile apps, and are enhancing the protection of privacy and data security by rule-making and enforcement actions at national and
local levels. We expect that these areas will receive greater and continued attention and scrutiny from regulators and the public going
forward, which could increase our compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges associated with data security and
protection. If we are unable to manage these risks, we could become subject to penalties, including fines, suspension of business, prohibition
against new user registration (even for a short period of time) and revocation of required licenses, and our reputation and results of
operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

If
the Chinese government determines that our corporate structure does not comply with Chinese regulations, or if Chinese regulations change
or are interpreted differently in the future, Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow our current operating structure, which would
likely result in a material change in our operations and/or cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

In
July 2021, the Chinese government provided new guidance on Chinese companies raising capital outside of mainland China, including through
arrangements called variable interest entities, or VIEs. Currently, our corporate structure contains no variable interest entities and
we are not in an industry that is subject to foreign ownership limitations in mainland China. However, there are uncertainties with respect
to the Chinese legal system and there may be changes in laws, regulations and policies, including how those laws, regulations and policies
will be interpreted or implemented. If in the future the Chinese government determines that our corporate structure does not comply with
Chinese regulations, or if Chinese regulations change or are interpreted differently, the value of our securities may decline or become
worthless. 

The
Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas
and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and/or cause the value of
our securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

The
Chinese government has significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of our business and may intervene or influence our operations
as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. The Chinese government has recently published
new policies that significantly affected certain industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the
possibility that it will in the future release regulations or policies regarding the food and beverage industry or the supply in Chinese industries
that could require us to seek permission from Chinese authorities to continue to operate our business, which may adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, recent statements made by the Chinese government have indicated
an intent to increase the government s oversight and control over offerings of companies with significant operations in mainland
China that are to be conducted in foreign markets, as well as foreign investment in China-based issuers like us. Any future action by
the Chinese government expanding the categories of industries and companies whose foreign securities offerings are subject to government
review could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors or could disallow
our current operating structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations and/or a material change in the value
of our securities, including causing the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

On
July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly
issued a document to crack down on illegal activities in the securities market and promote the high-quality development of the capital
market, which, among other things, requires the relevant governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law enforcement
and judicial cooperation, to enhance supervision over China-based companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the system
of extraterritorial application of the PRC securities laws. Since this document is still relatively new, uncertainties still exist in
relation to how soon legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations
or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new
laws and regulations will have on our future business combination with a company with major operation in China. 

13 

Further,
Chinese government continues to exert more oversight and control over Chinese technology firms. On July 2, 2021, Chinese cybersecurity
regulator announced, that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global Inc. (NYSE: DIDI) and two days later ordered that the company s
application be removed from smartphone application stores. On July 5, 2021, the Chinese cybersecurity regulator launched the same investigation
on two other Internet platforms, China s Full Truck Alliance of Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd. (NYSE: YMM) and Boss of KANZHUN LIMITED
(Nasdaq: BZ). 

On
December 24, 2021, the CSRC issued the Administrative Provisions of the State Council Regarding the Overseas Issuance and Listing of
Securities by Domestic Enterprises (the Draft Administrative Provisions and the Measures for the Overseas Issuance of
Securities and Listing Record-Filings by Domestic Enterprises (Draft for Comments) (the Draft Filing Measures ), collectively,
the Draft Overseas Listing Rules, which are currently published for public comments only. According to the Draft Overseas Listing Rules,
among other things, all China-based companies applying for overseas securities issuance, listing and post-listing capital operations
shall be subject to statutory procedures, such as filing and information reporting requirement. After making initial applications with
overseas stock markets for offerings or listings, all China-based companies shall file with the CSRC within three business days. In addition,
overseas offerings and listings may be prohibited for such China-based companies when any of the following applies: (a) if the securities
offerings and listings are prohibited by applicable PRC laws and rules; (b) if securities offerings and listings may constitute a threat
to, or endanger national security as reviewed and determined by PRC authorities; (c) if there are material ownership disputes over applicants 
equity interests, major assets, core technologies or other items; (d) if a PRC company or its controlling shareholders or de facto controllers
have committed certain crimes, under investigation for suspicion of major violations in the prior three years; (e) if any directors,
supervisors, or senior executives of applicants have been subject to administrative punishments for severe violations, or are under investigations
for crimes or major violations; or (f) other circumstances as provided. The Draft Administrative Provisions further provide that a fine
between RMB 1 million and RMB 10 million may be imposed if a company fails to fulfill the filing requirements with the CSRC or conducts
an overseas offering or listing in violation of the Draft Overseas Listing Rules. In the case of severe violations, an order to suspend
relevant businesses or halt operations for rectification may be issued, and relevant business permits or operational license revoked.
Overseas issuance and listings subject to the Draft Overseas Listing Rules include direct and indirect issuance and listings. We believe
that our future securities offerings and proposed listing of our shares on Nasdaq Capital Market would be deemed an Indirect Overseas
Issuance and Listing under the Draft Overseas Listing Rules and will be required to complete the filing procedures and submit the relevant
information to CSRC after the Draft Overseas Listing Rules become effective. As of the date of this report, such rules have not become
effective and we are not required to complete the filing procedures if we complete this offering and begin the trading of our common
stock on the Nasdaq before the rules take effect. In addition, after the rules take effect, we would only need to submit the filing materials
and no CSRC approval would be required under the rules. Because we are relying on an opinion of counsel, there is uncertainty inherent
in relying on an opinion of counsel in connection with whether we are required to obtain permissions from a governmental agency that
is required to approve of our operations and/or listings. In the event that an government approval is required, we cannot assure you
that we will be able to receive clearance in a timely manner, or at all. Any failure of us to fully comply with new regulatory requirements
may significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our common stock, cause significant disruption
to our business operations, severely damage our reputation, materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations
and cause our shares to significantly decline in value or become worthless. 

China
Securities Regulatory Commission and other Chinese government agencies may exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted
overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers. Additional compliance procedures may be required in connection with the offering
of our securities and our business operations, and, if required, we cannot predict whether we will be able to obtain such approval. As
a result, we face uncertainty about future actions by the PRC government that could significantly affect our ability to offer or continue
to offer securities to investors and/or conduct our operations and cause the value of our shares to significantly decline or be worthless. 

Trading
in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect
or investigate completed our auditors for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, or for two consecutive years if the Accelerating
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act or the America COMPETES Act becomes law . 

In
recent years, U.S. regulatory authorities have continued to express their concerns about challenges in their oversight of financial statement
audits of U.S.-listed companies with significant operations in China. As part of a continued regulatory focus in the United States on
access to audit and other information, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCAA, was enacted on December 18, 2020.
The HFCAA includes requirements for the SEC to identify issuers whose audit work is performed by auditors that the PCAOB is unable to
inspect or investigate completely because of a restriction imposed by a non-U.S. authority in the auditor s local jurisdiction.
The HFCAA also requires that, to the extent that the PCAOB has been unable to inspect an issuer s auditor for three consecutive
years since 2021, the SEC shall prohibit its securities registered in the United States from being traded on any national securities
exchange or over-the-counter markets in the United States. 

On
March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements
of the HFCAA. The interim final rule applies to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report
issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate
completely because of a position taken by an authority in that jurisdiction. Consistent with the HFCAA, the interim final rule requires
the submission of documentation to the SEC establishing that such a registrant is not owned or controlled by a government entity in that
foreign jurisdiction and also requires disclosure in a foreign issuer s annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and
government influence on, such registrants. On May 13, 2021, the PCAOB issued proposed PCAOB Rule 6100, Board Determinations Under the
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act for public comment. The proposed rule provides a framework for making determinations as to
whether PCAOB is unable to inspect an audit firm in a foreign jurisdiction, including the timing, factors, bases, publication and revocation
or modification of such determinations, and such determinations will be made on a jurisdiction-wide basis in a consistent manner applicable
to all firms headquartered in the jurisdiction. In November 2021, the SEC approved PCAOB Rule 6100. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted
amendments to final rules implementing the disclosure and submission requirements of the HFCAA. 

14 

On
June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act or AHFCAA, and on February 4, 2022,
the U.S. House of Representatives passed the America Creating Opportunities for Manufacturing Pre-Eminence in Technology and Economic
Strength (COMPETES) Act of 2022, or the COMPETES Act. If either bill is enacted into law, it would amend the HFCAA and require the SEC
to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections
or complete investigations for two consecutive years instead of three. As a result, our securities may be prohibited from trading on
Nasdaq or over-the-counter markets if our auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive years as specified in the HFCAA
or two years if the AHFCAA or the COMPETES Act becomes law, and would reduce the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading
or delisted. 

On
December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The
rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public
accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a
position taken by an authority in foreign jurisdictions. 

On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB announced the PCAOB Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act determinations (the PCAOB determinations relating to the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland
China of the PRC or Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region and dependency of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more
authorities in the PRC or Hong Kong. 

The
lack of access to the PCAOB inspection or investigation in China prevents the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control
procedures of the auditors based in China. As a result, the investors may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The
inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections or investigations of auditors in China makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness
of these accounting firms audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject
to the PCAOB inspections and investigations, which could cause existing and potential investors in our stock to lose confidence in our
audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our financial statements. 

Our
current auditor, TAAD, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that is headquartered in the Southern California, is a firm
registered with the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ), and is required by the laws of the U.S.
to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the U.S. and professional standards. TAAD, LLP
has been subject to PCAOB inspections, and is not among the PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC or Hong
Kong that are subject to PCAOB s determination on December 16, 2021 of having been unable to inspect or investigate completely. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate our auditor completely, or if there is any
regulatory change or step taken by PRC regulators that does not permit TAAD, LLP to provide audit documentations located in China or
Hong Kong to the PCAOB for inspection or investigation, or the PCAOB expands the scope of the Determination so that we are subject to
the HFCAA, as the same may be amended, you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection. Any audit reports not issued by auditors
that are completely inspected or investigated by the PCAOB, or a lack of PCAOB inspections or investigations of audit work undertaken
in China that prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditors audits and their quality control procedures, could result
in a lack of assurance that our financial statements and disclosures are adequate and accurate. 

We
may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and any determination that we violated the foreign corrupt practices
act could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practice Act, or FCPA, and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign
governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining
or retaining business. We will have operations, agreements with third parties and make sales in the PRC, which may experience corruption.
Our proposed activities in the PRC create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees, consultants,
or sales agents of our Company, because these parties are not always subject to our control. It is our policy to implement safeguards
to discourage these practices by our employees. Also, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective,
and the employees, consultants, or sales agents of our Company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations
of the FCPA may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect
our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, the government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor
liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. 

You
may have difficulty enforcing judgments against us. 

We
are a Nevada corporation but most of our assets are and will be located outside of the United States. Almost all our operations are conducted
in the PRC. In addition, all our officers and directors are the nationals and residents of a country other than the United States. Almost
all of their assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect service of process within
the United States upon them. It may also be difficult for you to enforce in U.S. courts judgments on the civil liability provisions of
the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers and directors, since he or she is not a resident in the United States. In
addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC or other jurisdictions would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S.
courts. 

15 

Chinese
economic growth slowdown may have a negative effect on our business. 

Since
2014, Chinese economic growth has been slowing down from double-digit GDP speed. The annual rate of growth declined from 7.3 in 2014
to 6.9 in 2015, to 6.7 in 2016, to 6.9 in 2017, to 6.6 in 2018, and to 6.1 in 2019. Due to the impact of COVID-19, China s
economic growth rate in 2020 has slowed to 2.3 , its lowest level in years. While technology-based financial services companies have
not been affected by the pandemic on the same level as companies in certain other industries, nevertheless a slow economic growth could
adversely affect many of our customers and partners, which in turn may materially adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations. 

Under
the Enterprise Income Tax Law, we may be classified as a Resident Enterprise of China. Such classification will likely
result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC stockholders. 

China
passed an Enterprise Income Tax Law (the EIT Law ), as most recently amended and effective on December 29, 2018, and the
related Implementation Regulations, as amended and effective on April 23 2019. Under the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside of
China with de facto management bodies within China is considered a resident enterprise, meaning that it can
be treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes. The implementing rules of the EIT Law define
de facto management as substantial and overall management and control over the production and operations, personnel, accounting,
and properties of the enterprise. 

On
April 22, 2009, the State Administration of Taxation of China issued the Notice Concerning Relevant Issues Regarding Cognizance of Chinese
Investment Controlled Enterprises Incorporated Offshore as Resident Enterprises pursuant to Criteria of de facto Management Bodies, or
the Notice, further interpreting the application of the EIT Law and its implementation to offshore entities controlled by a Chinese enterprise
or group. Pursuant to the Notice, an enterprise incorporated in an offshore jurisdiction and controlled by a Chinese enterprise or group
will be classified as a non-domestically incorporated resident enterprise if (i) its senior management in charge of daily
operations reside or perform their duties mainly in China; (ii) its financial or personnel decisions are made or approved by bodies or
persons in China; (iii) its substantial assets and properties, accounting books, corporate stamps, board and stockholder minutes are
kept in China; and (iv) at least half of its directors with voting rights or senior management are often resident in China. A resident
enterprise would be subject to an enterprise income tax rate of 25 on its worldwide income and must pay a withholding tax at a rate
of 10 when paying dividends to its non-PRC stockholders. 

Ezagoo
does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary controlling shareholder and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore
incorporated enterprise within the meaning of the Notice, so we believe the Notice is not applicable to us. However, in the absence of
guidance specifically applicable to us, we have applied the guidance set forth in the Notice to evaluate the tax residence status of
Ezagoo for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We
do not believe that we meet some of the conditions outlined. As a holding company, the key assets and records of Ezagoo including the
resolutions and meeting minutes of our board of directors and the resolutions and meeting minutes of our shareholders, are located and
maintained outside the PRC. In addition, we are not aware of any offshore holding companies with a corporate structure similar to ours
that have been deemed a PRC resident enterprise by the PRC tax authorities. Accordingly, we believe that Ezagoo should
not be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes if the criteria for de facto management body 
as set forth in the Notice were deemed applicable to us. However, as the tax residency status of an enterprise is subject to determination
by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term de facto management body 
as applicable to our offshore entities, we will continue to monitor our tax status. 

If
the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of
unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow. First, we may be subject to the enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 on our worldwide
taxable income as well as PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. In our case, this would mean that income such as non-China
source income would be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 . Currently, we do not have any non-China source income,
so this would have minimal effect on us; however, if we develop non-China source income in the future, we could be adversely affected.
Second, under the EIT Law and its implementing rules, dividends paid to us from our PRC subsidiaries would qualify as tax-exempt
income. Finally, it is possible that future guidance issued with respect to the new resident enterprise classification
could result in a situation in which a 10 withholding tax is imposed on dividends we pay to our non-PRC stockholders and with respect
to gains derived by our non-PRC stockholders from transferring our shares. If we were treated as a resident enterprise 
by the PRC tax authorities, we would be subject to taxation in both the U.S. and China, but our PRC source income will not be taxed in
the U.S. again because the U.S.-China tax treaty will avoid double taxation between these two nations. 

PRC
regulation of loans and direct investment by offshore holding companies in PRC entities may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds
of our securities offerings to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries, which could materially
and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

In
the normal course of our business, we may make loans to our PRC subsidiaries or may make additional capital contributions to our PRC
subsidiaries. Any loans to our wholly foreign-owned or holding subsidiaries in China, which are treated as foreign-invested enterprises FIEs under PRC law, are subject to PRC regulations and foreign exchange loan registrations. For example, loans by us
to our FIE subsidiaries in China to finance their activities cannot exceed statutory limits and must be registered with SAFE. In addition,
a foreign invested enterprise shall use its capital pursuant to the principle of authenticity and self-use within its business scope.
The capital of a foreign invested enterprise shall not be used for the following purposes: (i) directly or indirectly used for payment
beyond the business scope of the enterprises or the payment prohibited by relevant laws and regulations; (ii) directly or indirectly
used for investment in securities or investments other than banks principal-secured products unless otherwise provided by relevant
laws and regulations; (iii) granting of loans to non-affiliated enterprises, except where it is expressly permitted in the business license;
and (iv) paying the expenses related to the purchase of real estate that is not for self-use (except for the foreign-invested real estate
enterprises). 

16 

SAFE
promulgated the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement
of Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprises, or SAFE Circular 19, effective June 2015, in replacement of the Circular on the Relevant
Operating Issues Concerning the Improvement of the Administration of the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested
Enterprises, the Notice from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Relevant Issues Concerning Strengthening the Administration
of Foreign Exchange Businesses, and the Circular on Further Clarification and Regulation of the Issues Concerning the Administration
of Certain Capital Account Foreign Exchange Businesses. According to SAFE Circular 19, the flow and use of the RMB capital converted
from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested company is regulated such that RMB capital may not be used
for the issuance of RMB entrusted loans, the repayment of inter-enterprise loans or the repayment of banks loans that have been transferred
to a third party. Although SAFE Circular 19 allows RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested
enterprise to be used for equity investments within China, it also reiterates the principle that RMB converted from the foreign currency-denominated
capital of a foreign-invested company may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business scope. SAFE promulgated
the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming and Standardizing the Foreign Exchange Settlement Management
Policy of Capital Account, or SAFE Circular 16, effective on June 9, 2016, which reiterates some of the rules set forth in SAFE Circular
19, but changes the prohibition against using RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested
company to issue RMB entrusted loans to a prohibition against using such capital to issue loans to non-associated enterprises. Violations
of SAFE Circular 19 and SAFE Circular 16 could result in administrative penalties. SAFE Circular 19 and SAFE Circular 16 may significantly
limit our ability to transfer any foreign currency we hold, including the net proceeds from this offering, to our PRC subsidiaries, which
may adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business in China. On October 23, 2019, the SAFE promulgated
the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Further Promoting the Convenience of Cross-border Trade and Investment,
or the SAFE Circular 28, which, among other things, allows all foreign-invested companies to use Renminbi converted from foreign currency-denominated
capital for equity investments in China, as long as the equity investment is genuine, does not violate applicable laws, and complies
with the negative list on foreign investment. However, since the SAFE Circular 28 is newly promulgated, it is unclear how SAFE and competent
banks will implement the relevant rules in practice. 

In
light of the various requirements imposed by PRC regulations on loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies,
we cannot be certain that we will be able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain the necessary government approvals
on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future loans to our PRC subsidiaries or future capital contributions by us to our subsidiaries
in China. As a result, uncertainties exist as to our ability to provide prompt funding to our PRC subsidiaries when needed. If we fail
to complete such registrations or obtain such approvals, our ability to use the proceeds we expect to receive from this offering and
to capitalize or otherwise fund our PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our financial
condition and operating results. 

Governmental
control of currency conversion may affect the value of your investment. 

The
PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency
out of China. We receive substantially all of our revenues in RMB. Under our current corporate structure, our income will currently only
be derived from dividend payments from our PRC subsidiaries. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict the ability
of our PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends or other payments to us, or otherwise satisfy their foreign
currency denominated obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit
distributions, interest payments and expenditures from trade-related transactions can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval
from SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, approval from appropriate government authorities is required where
RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated
in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current
account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency
demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our security-holders. 

Fluctuations
in exchange rates could adversely affect our business and the value of our securities. 

Changes
in the value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar, Euro and other foreign currencies are affected by, among other things, changes in China s
political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and financial
condition, and the value of, and any dividends payable on our shares in U.S. dollar terms. For example, to the extent that we need to
convert U.S. dollars we receive from our securities offerings into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar
would have an adverse effect on RMB amount we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S.
dollars for the purpose of paying dividends on our common stock or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against
the RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to us. In addition, fluctuations of the RMB against other currencies
may increase or decrease the cost of imports and exports, and thus affect the price-competitiveness of our products against products
of foreign manufacturers or products relying on foreign inputs. 

Since
July 2005, the RMB is no longer pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the People s Bank of China regularly intervenes in the foreign
exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate, the RMB may appreciate or depreciate significantly
in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover, it is possible that in the future PRC authorities may lift restrictions
on fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market. 

We
reflect the impact of currency translation adjustments in our financial statements under the heading accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss). For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had foreign currency translation loss of 76,280 and 107,503,
respectively. Very limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date,
we have not entered into any hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness
of these transactions may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition, our foreign currency
exchange gains and losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign
currencies. 

17 

Failure
to comply with the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules relating to the overseas direct investment or the engagement in the issuance or
trading of securities overseas by our PRC resident stockholders may subject such stockholders to fines or other liabilities. 

Our
ability to conduct foreign exchange activities in the PRC may be subject to the interpretation and enforcement of the Implementation
Rules of the Administrative Measures for Individual Foreign Exchange promulgated by SAFE in January 2007 (as amended and supplemented,
the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules ). Under the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules, any PRC individual seeking to make
a direct investment overseas or engage in the issuance or trading of negotiable securities or derivatives overseas must make the appropriate
registrations in accordance with SAFE provisions. PRC individuals who fail to make such registrations may be subject to warnings, fines
or other liabilities. 

SAFE
promulgated the Notice on Relevant Issues Relating to Domestic Resident s Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through
Special Purpose Vehicles, or Notice 37, in July 2014 that requires PRC residents or entities to register with SAFE or its local branch
in connection with their establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas investment or financing.
In addition, such PRC residents or entities must update their SAFE registrations when the offshore special purpose vehicle undergoes
material events relating to material change of capitalization or structure of the PRC resident itself (such as capital increase, capital
reduction, share transfer or exchange, merger or spin off). 

We
may not be fully informed of the identities of all our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. For example, because the investment in
or trading of our shares will happen in an overseas public or secondary market where shares are often held with brokers in brokerage
accounts, it is unlikely that we will know the identity of all of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. Furthermore, we have no
control over any of our future beneficial owners and we cannot assure you that such PRC residents will be able to complete the necessary
approval and registration procedures required by the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules. 

To
our knowledge, our beneficial owners, who are PRC residents, have not completed the Notice 37 registration. And we cannot guarantee that
all or any of the shareholders will complete the Notice 37 registration prior to the closing of this Offering. Failure by any such shareholders
or beneficial owners to comply with Notice 37 could restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, limit our PRC subsidiaries 
ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect our business and prospects.
In addition, the PRC resident shareholders who fail to complete Notice 37 registration may subject to fines less than RMB50,000. 

As
these foreign exchange and outbound investment related regulations are relatively new and their interpretation and implementation has
been constantly evolving, it is unclear how these regulations, and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border investments
and transactions, will be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant government authorities. 

It
is uncertain how the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules will be interpreted or enforced and whether such interpretation or enforcement
will affect our ability to conduct foreign exchange transactions. Because of this uncertainty, we cannot be sure whether the failure
by any of our PRC resident stockholders to make the required registration will subject our PRC subsidiaries to fines or legal sanctions
on their operations, delay or restriction on repatriation of proceeds of our securities offerings into the PRC, restriction on remittance
of dividends or other punitive actions that would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

There
are uncertainties under the PRC laws relating to the procedures for U.S. regulators to investigate and collect evidence from companies
located in the PRC. 

Shareholder
claims that are common in the U.S., including securities law class actions and fraud claims, among other matters, generally are difficult
to pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to obtaining
information needed for shareholder investigations or litigation outside China or otherwise with respect to foreign entities. Although
the local authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another
country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such regulatory cooperation with the securities regulatory
authorities in the Unities States have not been efficient in the absence of mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. According to
Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, which became effective in March 2020, or Article 177, the securities regulatory authority of the
State Council may collaborate with securities regulatory authorities of other countries or regions in order to monitor and oversee cross
border securities activities. Article 177 further provides that overseas securities regulatory authorities are not permitted to carry
out investigation and evidence collection directly within the territory of the PRC, and that any Chinese entities and individuals are
not allowed to provide documents or materials related to securities business activities to overseas agencies without prior consent of
the securities regulatory authority of the State Council and the competent departments of the State Council. 

Our
principal business operations are conducted in the PRC. In the event that the U.S. regulators carry out investigations with respect to
our business and need to conduct investigation or collect evidence within the territory of the PRC, the U.S. regulators may not be able
to carry out such investigation or evidence collection directly in the PRC under the PRC laws. The U.S. regulators may consider cross-border
cooperation with securities regulatory authority of the PRC by way of judicial assistance, diplomatic channels or regulatory cooperation
mechanism established with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC. However, there can be no assurance that the U.S. regulators
could succeed in establishing such cross-border cooperation in a specific case or could establish the cooperation in a timely manner.
If U.S. regulators are unable to conduct such investigations, such U.S. regulators may determine to suspend and ultimately delist our
common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market or choose to suspend or de-register our SEC registration. 

18 

Failure
to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business in China could subject us to fines and penalties and could also cause
us to lose customers or otherwise harm our business . 

Our
business is subject to regulation by various governmental agencies in China, including agencies responsible for monitoring and enforcing
compliance with various legal obligations, such as privacy and data protection-related laws and regulations, intellectual property laws,
employment and labor laws, workplace safety, environmental laws, consumer protection laws, governmental trade laws, import and export
controls, anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, and tax laws and regulations. These laws and regulations impose added costs on our business.
Noncompliance with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to: 

investigations,
 enforcement actions, and sanctions; 

mandatory
 changes to our supply chain system and products; 

disgorgement
 of profits, fines, and damages; 

civil
 and criminal penalties or injunctions; 

claims
 for damages by our customers or partners; 

termination
 of contracts; 

loss
 of intellectual property rights; 

failure
 to obtain, maintain or renew certain licenses, approvals, permits, registrations or filings 

necessary
 to conduct our operations; and 

temporary
 or permanent debarment from sales to public service organizations. 

If
any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, results of
operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant
diversion of our management s attention and resources and an increase in professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could
materially harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

We
are exposed to the risk of misconduct, errors and failure to functions by our management, employees and parties that we collaborate with,
who may from time to time be subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings or otherwise face potential liability
and penalties in relation to noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations, which could harm our reputation and business. 

Payment
of dividends is subject to restrictions under Nevada and the PRC laws. 

Under
Nevada law, we may only pay dividends subject to our ability to service our debts as they become due and provided that our assets will
exceed our liabilities after the payment of such dividends. Our ability to pay dividends will therefore depend on our ability to generate
adequate profits. In addition, because of a variety of rules applicable to our operations in the PRC and the regulations on foreign investments
as well as the applicable tax law, we may be subject to further limitations on our ability to declare and pay dividends to our shareholders. 

As
a holding company, we may rely on dividends and other distributions from our PRC subsidiaries and WFOEs for cash requirements. If a WFOE
incurs any debts, the instruments governing such debts may restrict its ability to pay dividends to us. In order for us to pay dividends
or other distributions to our shareholders, including investors in this offering, we will rely on payments from our subsidiaries. Cash
or other assets may be transferred to us from our subsidiaries in the following manner: (i) funds from our operating subsidiaries to
WFOEs may be remitted as services fees, dividends or other distributions; and (ii) WFOEs may make dividends or other distributions to
us through our Hong Kong subsidiaries. 

Current
PRC regulations permit Chinese operating subsidiaries to pay dividends to foreign parent companies only out of their accumulated profits,
if any, determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is
required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches
50 of its registered capital. Each of our subsidiaries in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits
to fund the employee welfare fund, although the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors.
While the statutory reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess
of retained earnings of the respective companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. 

Cash
dividends, if any, on our common stock will be paid in U.S. dollars. The PRC government also imposes restrictions on the conversion of
RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. As such, we may experience difficulties in completing the
administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. Furthermore,
if our subsidiaries in the PRC incur any debts, the existence of debts evidenced by the debt instruments may significantly limit their
ability to pay dividends or make other payments. If we are unable to receive earnings distributions from our operating subsidiaries in
China, we would be unable to pay dividends on our shares. 

If
we are deemed by the PRC tax authorities as a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes, any dividends we pay to our non-PRC resident
shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result, may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of up to 10.0 .
Pursuant to the Arrangement between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation
and Tax Evasion on Income, or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement, the 10 withholding tax rate may be reduced to 5 if a Hong Kong
resident enterprise owns no less than 25 of a PRC entity. However, the 5 withholding tax rate does not automatically apply and certain
requirements must be satisfied, including, without limitation, that (a) the Hong Kong entity must be the beneficial owner of the relevant
dividends; and (b) the Hong Kong entity must directly hold no less than 25 share ownership in the PRC entity during the 12 consecutive
months preceding its receipt of the dividends. In practice, a Hong Kong entity must obtain a tax resident certificate from the Hong Kong
tax authority to apply for the 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax authority will issue such a tax resident certificate
on a case-by-case basis, we cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong
tax authority and enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5 under the Double Taxation Arrangement with respect to any dividends
to be paid by our CETL, to our Hong Kong subsidiary, ELHK. CETL currently does not have any plan to declare and pay dividends, and we
have not applied for the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority. ELHK will apply for the tax resident certificate
when CETL plans to declare and pay dividends. 

19 

As
of the date of this report, we have not paid, and do not anticipate paying in the foreseeable future, dividends or other distributions
to our shareholders. There have not been any dividends or other distributions from CETL to ELHK. None of our PRC subsidiaries have ever
paid any dividends or distributions outside of China. We presently intend to retain all earnings to fund our operations and business
expansions. 

We
can give no assurance that we will declare dividends of any amounts, at any rate or at all in the future. The declaration of future dividends,
if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements,
general financial conditions, legal and contractual restrictions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Our
common stock may not develop an active trading market and the price and trading volume of our shares may fluctuate significantly. 

Shares
of common stock are currently quoted on the OTC marketplace. We cannot predict whether investor interest in us will lead to the development
of an active and liquid trading market. If an active trading market does not develop, holders of our shares of common stock may have
difficulty selling our shares that may now be owned or may be purchased later. In addition, until we are able to be listed on a national
exchange, the number of investors willing to hold or acquire our shares may be reduced, we may receive decreased news and analyst coverage,
and we may be limited in our ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future on terms acceptable
to us, or at all. Even if an active trading market develops for our shares, the market price of our shares may be highly volatile and
could be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the trading volume of our shares may fluctuate and cause significant price variations
to occur. 

In
case that our shares trade under 5.00 per share they will be considered penny stock. Trading in penny stocks has many restrictions and
these restrictions could severely affect the price and liquidity of our common stock. 

If
our stock trades below 5.00 per share, our stock would be known as a penny stock , which is subject to various regulations
involving disclosures to be given to you prior to the purchase of any penny stock. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC has adopted regulations which generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Depending on market fluctuations, our Common Stock would be considered as a penny
stock . A penny stock is subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker/dealers who sell these securities
to persons other than established Members and accredited investors. For transactions covered by these rules, the broker/dealer must make
a special suitability determination for the purchase of these securities. In addition, he must receive the purchaser s written
consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. He must also provide certain written disclosures to the purchaser. Consequently, the
 penny stock rules may restrict the ability of broker/dealers to sell our securities and may negatively affect the ability
of holders of shares of our Common Stock to resell them. These disclosures require you to acknowledge that you understand the risks associated
with buying penny stocks and that you can absorb the loss of your entire investment. Penny stocks are low priced securities that do not
have a very high trading volume. Consequently, the price of the stocks is often volatile, and you may not be able to buy or sell the
stock when you want to. 

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Presently, we intend to retain all our earnings, if any, to finance
development and expansion of our business. Consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a positive return on your investment in us
will be if the market price of our Common Stock appreciates. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Xiaohao Tan, own a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock and could significantly influence
the outcome of our corporate matters. 

Mr.
Xiaohao Tan, our CEO, beneficially owns 74 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock. As a result, Mr. Xiaohao Tan is collectively able
to exercise significant influence over all matters that require us to obtain shareholder approval, including the election of directors
to our board and approval of significant corporate transactions that we may consider, such as a merger or other sale of our company or
its assets. This concentration of ownership in our shares by executive officers will limit other shareholders ability to influence
corporate matters and may have the effect of delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring control over us. 

The
price of our common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and stockholders may not be able to
resell their shares. 

The
trading price for our common stock has fluctuated since our common stock was first quoted on the OTC marketplace. The market price of
our stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue and other operating results; 

the
 financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections; 

actions
 of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow
 our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant products, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 

price
 and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; 

lawsuits
 threatened or filed against us; and 

other
 events or factors, including those resulting from health pandemics, war or incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events. 

In
addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market
prices of securities of many companies. Stock prices of many companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the
operating performance of those companies. 

20 

Future
sales of substantial amounts of the shares of our Common Stock by existing shareholders could adversely affect the price of our Common
Stock. 

If
our existing shareholders sell substantial amounts of the shares, then the market price of our Common Stock could fall. Such sales by
our existing shareholders might make it more difficult for us to issue new equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time
and place we deem appropriate. If any existing shareholders sell substantial amounts of shares, the prevailing market price for our shares
could be adversely affected. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
currently maintain our principal executive office at Rm 205, 2/F, Building 17, Yard 1, Li Ze Road, Feng Tai District, Beijing
100073, China, which expires on December 31, 2023. The current monthly rent is RMB2,000 (approximately 298) with a lease term of 12
months (that is started from January 1, 2023). 

As
of June 5, 2023, the Company has a total six separate operating lease agreements for six office spaces in PRC with remaining lease
terms of from 7 months to 24 months. 

For
more information on operating lease, see Note 13 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we maybe involve in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is
subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business.
Currently there are no pending legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or operating results. None of our directors, officers or affiliates is involved in a proceeding adverse to our business or
has a material interest adverse to our business. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

21 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Pink under the trading symbol EZOO . 

Trading
in stocks quoted on the OTC market is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that
may have little to do with a company s operations or business prospects. We cannot assure you that there will be a market for our
common stock in the future. 

Holders 

As
of June 5, 2023, we had 119,956,826 shares of our Common Stock par value, .0001 issued and outstanding. There were 153 beneficial
owners of our Common Stock. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent for our capital stock is Vstock Transfer, LLC, with an address at 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598 and telephone
number is 212-828-8436. 

Penny
Stock Regulations 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be an equity security
that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share. Our Common Stock, when and if a trading market develops, may fall within the definition
of penny stock and be subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities
to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1,000,000, or annual
incomes exceeding 200,000 individually, or 300,000, together with their spouse). 

For
transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities
and have received the purchaser s prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt
transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated
by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable
to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole
market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly
statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market
in penny stocks. Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock
and may affect the ability of investors to sell their Common Stock in the secondary market. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must
have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced
securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s
financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that
there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements
make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the investors 
ability to buy and sell our stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

Any
future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends on shares of our Common Stock will be made at the discretion of our
board of directors out of funds legally available for such purpose. We are under no contractual obligations or restrictions to declare
or pay dividends on our shares of Common Stock. In addition, we currently have no plans to pay such dividends. Our board of directors
currently intends to retain all earnings for use in the business for the future. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Currently,
there is no equity compensation plan in place. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
have not repurchased any shares of our common stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

22 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in
this Annual Report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual
results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward- looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include, but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this Report. Our audited financial statements are
stated in U.S. Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

Company
Overview 

Ezagoo
Limited the Company or EZAGOO ), was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 9, 2018. As of January 1,
2022, the Company s revenue will mainly be generated revenue from Xindian application platform. According to the announcement of
 that was issued by the
Changsha government on November 17, 2020, In order to accelerate the development of the Changsha City, the local government decided
to set up the Changsha Public Transportation Group Ltd, which is holds Baojun Bus Co., Zhongwang Bus Co., and Tongchang Bus Co. 
These mentioned Bus companies are used to be our vendors, our contracts with Zhongwang Bus Co., and Tongchang Bus Co., were expired on
February 9, 2021, and April 1, 2020, respectively, and we were not renewed as they were the first batch of bus companies to be merged
by the Changsha government. The contract with Baojun Bus Co., was expired on December 31, 2020 but we continued the bus rent on a monthly
basis until December 28, 2021. The Changsha government completed the merge and acquisition at the end of 2021, which makes it very difficult
for us to continue to operate in this area. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, the Company conducted its business in generally three revenue streams: advertising income of mobile
short video in Xindian, the trading income of e-commerce business in ZCZX, and the commission income from e-commerce business other
value-added services in Xindian LSM. 

Results
of Operations 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(Audited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 REVENUES 

Advertisement income of mobile short video 
 235,699 
 2,130,269 
 
 Trading income of e-commerce business 
 49,749 
 - 
 
 Commission income 

-Commission income of e-commerce business (including of 9 and 0 from related party
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 9 
 - 
 
 -Commission income of other value-added services 
 597 
 - 

286,054 
 2,130,269 

The
Company generated revenue of 286,054 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to revenue of 2,130,269 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. Related party revenue was 9 in 2022, whereas 2021 had 0 related party revenue. The decrease in advertisement
income is the Company suffered from the Covid-19, and we met the bottleneck when we transformed the traditional bus advertising to
our Xindian platform since January 1, 2022. We re planning to expand our brand to attract more potential users and customers,
and we have generated commission income of e-commerce business in Xindian and other value-added services (Customers or Users could
sell products in Xindian, and LSM like Amazon, TaoBao. JD, Pinduoduo) since June 2022, and generated trading income of e-commerce
business in ZCZX since September 2022. 

Costs
and Expenses 

Our
cost structure has two components: cost of revenues and operating expenses of 1,459,530 and 1,831,931 for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our operating expenses include costs related to R D, sales and marketing, and general and
administrative functions. Certain of these expenses, including those associated with the operation of our technical infrastructure
as well as components of our operating expenses, are generally less variable in nature and may not correlated to the changes in
revenue. 

Cost
of revenues 

Cost
of revenues is comprised of short video produce costs, bus rental fee and related costs, salaries and related costs. 

Short
 video produce costs of 5,334 and 620,435 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are outsourcing to
 the related party. 

Costs
 of goods sold and sales commission expenses of 44,661 for the year ended December 31, 2022
 which for the e-commerce trading of health and beauty products in ZCZX WeChat applications. 
 Bus
 rental fee and related costs of 61,933 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which for ads displayed on their Xindian platform. 

Salaries
 and related costs of 196,970 and 94,334 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are the compensation
 expenses for technical employees responsible for R D, and depreciation of computer related to our existing Xindian platform,
 software s and online database expenses related to ZCZX and LSM WeChat applications. 

23 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses are generally included during our normal course of business, which we categorize as either sales and marketing expenses and
general administrative expenses. 

The
 main components of our sales and marketing expenses of 136,186 and 154,763 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
 are: 

a. 
 Compensation
 expenses for employees engaged in sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions; 

b. 
 Spending
 related to our advertising and promotional activities in support of our services and Xindian platform. 

The
 main components of our general and administrative expenses of 1,076,379 and 900,466 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively, are: 

a. 
 Compensation
 expenses for employees in financial, human resources, and other administrative support functions; 

b. 
 Professional
 services fees, including audit, consulting, outside legal service. 

c. 
 Office
 expenses, including rent and rate, insurance, etc. 

Net
Income (Loss) 

The
net loss of 1,253,608 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to net income for the year was 254,640 for the year ended December
31, 2021. Such decrease was mainly reflected in less advertising income that the Company suffered from the Covid-19, and we met the bottleneck
when we transformed the traditional bus advertising to our Xindian platform since January 1, 2022. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of 2,458,666 as compared to working capital deficit of 1,481,472 as of
December 31, 2021. The increase in working capital deficit was reflected in advanced from related parties for operating use, and the
repayment from the related party. The Company s net loss of 1,253,608 and net income of 254,640 for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Cash
Flow from Operating Activities 

Net cash used in
operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,125,692 as compared to net cash used in operating
activities of 1,438,919 for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting an increase of 313,227. Such increase
was mainly reflected in significant net loss in year 2022 compare to net income in year 2021. 

Cash
Flow from Investing Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31 2022, and 2021, was 0 and 0, respectively. 

Cash
Flow from Financing Activities 

Net
cash generated from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,007,624 as compared to net cash generated from financing
activities of 1,167,749 for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting a decrease of 160,125. Such decrease was mainly reflected
in the repayment from the related party and lesser advances from the related parties for operating use during the year 2022. 

The
revenues, if any, generated from our current business operations alone may not be sufficient to fund our operations or planned growth.
We will likely require additional capital to continue to operate our business, and to further expand our business. Sources of additional
capital through various financing transactions or arrangements with third parties may include equity or debt financing, bank loans or
revolving credit facilities. We may not be successful in locating suitable financing transactions in the time period required or at all,
and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. Our inability to raise additional funds when required may have a negative
impact on our operations, business development and financial results. 

Critical
accounting estimates 

Use
of estimates 

In
preparing these consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

24 

Foreign
currencies translation and re-measurement 

Transactions
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing
at the dates of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated
into the functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded
in the statements of operations and comprehensive income. 

The
reporting currency of the Company is United States Dollars US and the accompanying financial statements have been expressed
in US . In addition, the Company s subsidiary in People s Republic of China maintains its books and record in its local currency,
Chinese Yuan RMB ), which is functional currency as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which the
entity operates. 

In
general, for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries whose functional currency is not US are translated into
US , in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, Translation of Financial Statement , using the exchange rate on the balance sheet
date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation
of financial statements of foreign subsidiary are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within
the statements of stockholders deficit. 

Translation
of amounts from RMB into US 1 has been made at the following exchange rates for the respective periods: 

As of and for the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Period-end RMB: US 1 exchange rate 
 6.91 
 6.36 
 
 Period-average RMB: US 1 exchange rate 
 6.73 
 6.45 
 
 Period-end HK : US 1 exchange rate 
 7.81 
 7.75 
 
 Period-average HK : US 1 exchange rate 
 7.83 
 7.75 

Cash
and cash equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid instruments with a maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalents. 

Lease 

The
Company accounts for its leases in accordance with ASC 842 Leases. The Company leases office space. The Company concludes on whether
an arrangement is a lease at inception. This determination as to whether an arrangement contains a lease is based on an assessment as
to whether a contract conveys the right to the Company to control the use of identified property, plant or equipment for period of time
in exchange for consideration. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company recognizes
these lease expenses on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

The
Company has assessed its contracts and concluded that its leases consist of only operating leases. Operating leases are included in operating
lease right-of-use (ROU) assets, current portion of operating lease liabilities, and operating lease liabilities in the Company s
consolidated balance sheets. 

ROU
assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s
obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date
based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate,
the Company determines an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present
value of lease payments. The Company s incremental borrowing rate is a hypothetical rate based on its understanding of what its
credit rating would be. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Lease expense
for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

25 

Revenue
recognition 

The
Company assesses and follows the guidance of ASC 606, revenue from contracts with customers is recognized using the following five steps: 

1. 
 Identify
 the contract(s) with a customer; 

a.
 
 The
 parties to the contract have approved the contract (in writing, orally, or in accordance with other customary business practices)
 and are committed to perform their respective obligations. 

b.
 
 The
 entity can identify each party s rights regarding the services to be transferred. 

c.
 
 The
 entity can identify the payment terms for the services to be transferred. 

d.
 
 The
 contract has commercial substance (that is, the risk, timing, or amount of the entity s future cash flows is expected to change
 as a result of the contract). 

e.
 
 It
 is probable that the entity will collect substantially all of the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for the
 services that will be transferred to the customer. 

2. 
 Identify
 the performance obligations in the contract; 

a.
 
 According
 to the contract, the Company and Customer has to maintain the performance obligation, respectively. 

b.
 
 The
 customer shall pay for the services and goods after signing of the contract and provide appropriate advertisement materials, and
 the delivery address contact information of the e-commerce order to the Company, the Company shall ensure the published advertisement
 and delivered goods of the Customer according to the contract terms. 

3. 
 Determine
 the transaction price; 

a.
 
 For
 the advertisement and e-commerce contract, the transaction price is explicitly stated in fixed amount in the contract. There is no
 variable consideration, such as discounts, rebates, consideration payable to customer or noncash consideration. There was no price
 concession, and the Company did not expect any price concession for the service performed during the years ended December 31, 2022
 and 2021. 

b.
 
 The
 contract does not contain any elements that would cause consideration under the arrangement to be variable (Examples include discounts,
 rebates, refunds, credits, incentives, tiered pricing, price guarantees, right of return, etc.). 

c.
 
 There
 are no factors that exist whereby it is not probable that a significant reversal or revenues will not occur in the contract. 

4. 
 Allocate
 the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

a.
 
 There
 were no multiple performance obligations to which the transaction price must be allocated, and each contract only has one performance
 obligation. The standalone selling price is explicated stated in the contract. 

5. 
 Recognize
 revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. 

a. 
 Per
 ASC 606, an entity shall recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised
 good or service (that is, an asset) to a customer. An asset is transferred when (or as) the customer obtains control of that asset. 

b. 
 Revenue
 is recognized when the advertising service is performed. According to the sample advertising and e-commerce contract, upon obtaining
 the signed contract and order from the Customer, the service and goods period would be started. Therefore, the revenue is
 recognized when the service and goods are completely provided and delivered at that point in time. 

Under
Topic 606, revenues are recognized when the promised services and goods have been confirmed and transferred to the consumers in amounts
that reflect the consideration the customer expects to be entitled to in exchange for those services. The Company presents value added
taxes VAT as reductions of revenues. The Company recognizes revenues net of value added taxes VAT and
relevant charges. 

During
the year 2022, the Company s revenue mainly from providing advertising services on the Xindian application that developed by the
Company advertisement income ), providing e-commerce trading of goods and products on ZCZX WeChat Application that is subscribed from Weimob ,
HK02013) trading income ),
and providing e-commerce value-added service in Xindian LSM WeChat Application that is subscribed from Weimob ,
HK02013) commission income ). 

Cost
of revenues 

Cost
of revenue includes costs of goods sold and sales commissions expenses of e-commerce trading in ZCZX, production costs of short video
advertisement, the operating salaries for the staffs who running the Xindian application and LSM, and online cloud and database expenses
for e-commerce storage use on Xindian, ZCZX and LSM. 

26 

Income
taxes 

The
Company followed the liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, or ASC 740. Under this
method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets
and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company
recorded a valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not
that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rate is recognized
in tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date of the change in tax rate. 

The
Company accounted for uncertainties in income taxes in accordance with ASC 740. Interest and penalties related to unrecognizable tax
benefit recognized in accordance with ASC 740 are classified in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss as income tax expense. 

Earnings
per share 

The
Company computes earnings per share EPS in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per share . Basic EPS
is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the
period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g., convertible
securities, options, and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented, or issuance date, if later.
Any potential common shares in 2022 and 2021 that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease
loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS. 

Related
party transaction 

A
related party is generally defined as (i) any person that holds 10 or more of the Company s securities and their immediate families,
(ii) the Company s management, (iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control
with the Company, or (iv) anyone who can significantly influence the financial and operating decisions of the Company. A transaction
is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties. 

Transactions
involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive,
free market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related
party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm s-length transactions unless such representations
can be substantiated. 

Recent
accounting pronouncements 

In
March 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-03, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill
Impairment, which simplifies how an entity is required to test goodwill for impairment by eliminating step two from the goodwill
impairment test. Step two of the goodwill impairment test measures a goodwill impairment loss by comparing the implied fair value of
a reporting unit s goodwill with its carrying amount. The new guidance is effective prospectively but not applicable for us for
the year ended December 31, 2022. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet
been issued or made available for issuance as of March 30, 2021. An entity should not retroactively adopt the amendments in this update
for interim financial statements already issued in the year of adoption. We are evaluating the effects, if any, of the adoption of this
guidance on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

In
June 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement. The new guidance modifies disclosure requirements related to fair
value measurement. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2023. Implementation on a prospective or retrospective basis varies by specific disclosure requirement. Early adoption
is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. 

The
Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of
any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 

Risks
and uncertainties 

Substantially
all the Company s services are conducted in Changsha City, China. The Company s operations are subject to adverse impact
of the coronavirus outbreak. The lock-down of the whole China in February 2020 severely reduced our revenue generated from advertising
business. The extent to which the COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to
contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that
may arise from all such possible events. We are still assessing our business operations and the impact COVID-19 may have on our results
and financial condition, but there can be no assurance that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of any impact from the
spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally or in our sector in particular. 

27 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared using the going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company suffered an accumulated deficit of 3,831,788 and operated a net loss of 1,253,608. The continuation
of the Company as a going concern through December 31, 2022 is dependent upon improving the profitability and the continuing financial
support from its stockholders. Management believes the existing shareholders or external financing will provide the additional cash to
meet the Company s obligations as they become due. 

These
and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements
do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts
and classification of liabilities that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future
effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that are material to our stockholders. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements required by this item are in PART IV of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosures
Control and Procedures 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the
supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of
directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the Company; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being
 made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material
misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent
limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to
reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

28 

As
of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for
effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on
such evaluation, the Company s management concluded that, during the period covered by this Report, internal controls and procedures
over financial reporting were not effective. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls
over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

Identified
Material Weaknesses 

A
material weakness in internal control over financial reporting is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that
results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

Management
identified the following material weaknesses during its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

1. 
 We
 do not have an Audit Committee While not being legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is the management s
 view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost important entity level control over the Company s
 financial statement. Currently the Chief Executive Officer and Director act in the capacity of the Audit Committee and does not include
 a member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management s activities. 

2. 
 We
 do not have Written Policies Procedures Due to lack of written policies and procedures for accounting and financial
 reporting, the Company did not establish a formal process to close our books monthly and account for all transactions and thus failed
 to properly record the Private Placement or disclose such transactions in its SEC filings in a timely manner. 

3. 
 We
 did not implement appropriate information technology controls As at December 31, 2022, the Company retains copies of
 all financial data and material agreements; however, there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of the Company s
 data or off-site storage of the data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors. 

Accordingly,
the Company concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the Company s internal controls. 

As
a result of the material weaknesses described above, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by COSO. 

Management s
Remediation Initiatives 

In
an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated,
or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: 

1. 
 We
 plan to create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical
 accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to us. The accounting personnel is responsible for reviewing
 the financing activities, facilitate the approval of the financing, record the information regarding the financing, and submit SEC
 filing related documents to our legal counsel in order to comply with the filing requirements of SEC. 

2. 
 We
 plan to prepare written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting to establish a formal process to close our
 books monthly on an accrual basis and account for all transactions, including equity and debt transactions. 

3. 
 We
 intend to add staff members to our management team for making sure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
 and submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required and the staff members will
 have segregated responsibilities with regard to these responsibilities. 

We
anticipate that these initiatives will be at least partially, if not fully, implemented by the end of fiscal year 2022. 

Changes
in internal controls over financial reporting 

There
was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Report, which has materially
affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting, except that we have hired outside
consultant to remediate our material weakness in lack of accounting and finance personnel with technical knowledge in SEC rules and regulations. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

29 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our
executive officer s and director s and their respective ages as of the date hereof are as follows: 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 
 
 Xiaohao
 Tan 
 
 52 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Treasurer, Director 
 
 Xin
 Yang 
 
 46 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officers and directors for the past five
years. 

Xiaohao
Tan Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 

Xiaohao
Tan earned his Master s degree in Business Administration (MBA) from Hunan Business College in 2003. From 1999 to 2000, Mr. Tan
worked at China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. as a marketing officer and shortly thereafter, was promoted to senior manager. His
major responsibilities were to manage clients portfolios, maintain customer relationships, design and implement effective marketing
strategies to sell new insurance contracts or adjust existing, contact potential clients and then build up a team, lead the team to implement
a plan and achieve team goals etc. In 2001 Mr. Tan founded Hunan Homestead Asset Management Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Changsha City
Leaders Trading Co. Ltd.). Since then, Mr. Tan has been serving as the Chairman and General Manager of this company and his major responsibilities
have included, but have not been limited to obtaining profit contributions by managing staff, and establishing and accomplishing business
objectives. In 2010, Mr. Tan founded Hunan Ezagoo Shopping Co. Ltd. and continues to serve as the President, CEO, Secretary, Treasurer,
and Director. In August of 2014, Mr. Tan founded Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited, a Company operating
out of Changsha, China. Mr. Tan serves as the President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director of Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology
Limited. 

Mr.
Tan has received several awards which include Best E-Commerce Innovation Model Award , China s Outstanding
Entrepreneurs of Good Faith , 2012 China E-Commerce Most Investment Value Award , 2015 China Advertising Great
Wall Awards , Enterprise Credit AAA Grade Enterprise in 2017 and Brand Reputation AAA Grade Enterprise 
in 2017. 

Due
to Mr. Tan s over 20 years of experience in top management of various businesses, in May of 2018, the Board of Directors elected
to appoint him to the positions of CEO, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chairman of Board of Directors of Ezagoo Limited. 

Xin
Yang - Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Yang obtained a bachelor s degree in accounting from Central South University in 1998. Then, in 2006, he obtained a mid-level accountant
certificate, in China. 

From
1998 to 2005, he served as an accountant at Hunan Schlumberger Equipment Co., Ltd. and was subsequently promoted to Accounting Manager.
His major responsibilities were providing financial information to management by researching and analyzing data, and preparing financial
reports. Then, from 2005 to 2006, he joined Changsha Qixi Computer Co., Ltd. and served as accounting Manager. He was responsible for
managing and overseeing daily operations of the accounting department, monitoring and analyzing accounting data and producing financial
reports or statements. Subsequently, Mr Yang joined Li Fung Limited from June 2006 to December 2009 and Hunan Hanlian Machinery
Equipment Co., Ltd. from January 2010 to May 2016. At those two companies, he, as a financial manager, was responsible for the corporate
finance of those companies. Specifically, he produced financial reports, direct investment activities, and developed strategies and plans
for the long-term financial goals of those companies. Since June 2016, he has joined Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited
and now serves as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Company. Mr. Yang s primary responsibilities are to manage the Company s
finances, including financial planning, financial projections and accounting services, management of financial risks, and develop strategies
and financial growth plans for the long-term financial goals of the Company. 

Due
to Mr. Yang s status as a qualified expert in finances and his academic background, along with his 20 years of professional working
experience, the Board of Directors has determined it best to appoint him to the position of Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships, or other arrangements or understandings between or among any of the directors or executive officer. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Company currently does not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our
Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our Directors believe that it is not necessary to have such
committees, at this time, because the Directors can adequately perform the functions of such committees. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

Our
Board of Directors has determined that we do not have a board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in Item 407(D)(5) of Regulation S-K, nor do we have a Board member that qualifies as independent as the term
is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14)
of the FINRA Rules. 

30 

Audit
committee financial expert means a person who has the following attributes: 

1. 
 An
 understanding of generally accepted accounting principles and financial statements; 

2. 
 Experience
 applying such generally accepted accounting principles in connection with the accounting for estimates, accruals, and reserves that
 are generally comparable to the estimates, accruals and reserves, if any, used in the registrant s financial statements; 

3. 
 Experience
 preparing or auditing financial statements that present accounting issues that are generally comparable to those raised by the registrant s
 financial statements; 

4. 
 Experience
 with internal controls and procedures for financial reporting; and 

5. 
 An
 understanding of audit committee functions. 

Currently,
our Company does not have an audit committee or an audit committee financial expert (as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K) serving
on its Board of Directors because given the early stage of our business development, it is costly to retain an independent Director who
qualify as an audit committee financial expert. However, we expect, in the foreseeable future, to form such a committee composed of our
non-employee directors. We may in the future attempt to add a qualified board member to serve as an audit committee financial expert
in the future, subject to our ability to locate and compensate such a person. The audit committee s duties will be to recommend
to our Company s Board of Directors the engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm to audit our Company s
financial statements and to review our Company s accounting and auditing principles. 

Corporate
Governance 

The
Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavours to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in
other public communications made by the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations.
The Company has not formally adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers
and Directors as the Company is not required to do so. 

In
lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company s Board of Directors, is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning
the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company s financial
statements and other services provided by the Company s independent public accountants. The Board of Directors, the Chief Executive
Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company review the Company s internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not adopted a formal Code of Ethics. The Board of Directors evaluated the business of the Company and the number of employees and
determined that since the business is operated by a small number of persons, general rules of fiduciary duty and federal and state criminal,
business conduct and securities laws are adequate ethical guidelines. In the event our operations, employees and/or Directors expand
in the future, we may take actions to adopt a formal Code of Ethics. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, there are no material proceedings to which any of our directors, officers or affiliates of the Company is a party adverse
to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. 

Shareholder
Proposals 

Our
Company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors.
The Board of Directors believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little
assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum
criteria for the election of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such
nominees. The Board of Directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations
for election or appointment. 

A
shareholder who wishes to communicate with our Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our President,
at the address appearing on the first page of this Information Statement. 

SECTION
16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock,
to file reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to provide
us with copies of those filings. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms furnished to us and written representations by
our officers and directors regarding their compliance with applicable reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act,
we believe that all Section 16(a) filing requirements for our executive officers, directors and 10 stockholders were met during the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

31 

ITEM
11. COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, and the executive officers who served
at the end of the year December 31, 2022 and 2021, for services rendered in all capacities to us. 

Summary
 Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principle Position 
 
 Period 
 
 Salary
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock
 Awards ) 

Option
 Awards ) 

Non-
 Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 

Non-qualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 

All
 Other Compensation ) 

Total
 ) 

Xiaohao
 Tan, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director (1) 
 
 For
 the year ended December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Xin
 Yang, Chief Financial Officer, Director (2) 
 
 For
 the year ended December 31, 2022 

27,860 

7,866 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

35,726 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2021 

15,750 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

15,750 

We
do not pay our directors any fees or other compensation for acting as directors. We have not paid any fees or other compensation to any
of our directors for acting as directors to date. 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our Directors
and executive officers may receive stock options at the discretion of our Board of Directors in the future. We do not have any material
bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers,
except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of our Board of Directors from time to time. We have no plans or arrangements
in respect of remuneration received or that may be received by our executive officers to compensate such officers in the event of termination
of employment (as a result of resignation, retirement, change of control) or a change of responsibilities following a change of control. 

Stock
Option Grants 

We
have not granted any stock options to our executive officers since our incorporation. 

Employment
Agreements 

We
do not have an employment or consulting agreement with any officers or Directors. 

32 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

Director
Compensation 

Our
Board of Directors does not currently receive any consideration for their services as members of the Board of Directors. The Board of
Directors reserves the right in the future to award the members of the Board of Directors cash or stock-based consideration for their
services to the Company, which awards, if granted shall be in the sole determination of the Board of Directors. 

Executive
Compensation Philosophy 

Our
Board of Directors determines the compensation given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves
the right to pay our executive or any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock in consideration for services
rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s
performance. This package may also include long-term stock-based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance
of our executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance
base stock options to date, the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination
believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive
Bonus 

The
Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses to our executive officer and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the
Board of Directors believes such bonuses are in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and
growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability
of such executives. 

Long-term,
Stock Based Compensation 

In
order to attract, retain and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award
our executive and any future executives with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board of
Directors, which we do not currently have any immediate plans to award. 

33 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has 119,956,826 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which number of issued and outstanding
shares of common stock have been used throughout this report. 

The
following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022 certain information with regard to the record and beneficial ownership of the Company s
common stock by (i) each person known to the Company to be the record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of Company s common
stock, (ii) each director of the Company, (iii) each of the named executive officers, and (iv) all executive officers and directors of
the Company as a group: 

Title
 of Class 
 
 Name
 and Address of Shareholders 
 
 Amount
 and 
 Nature of 
 Shareholders 
 Ownership 

Percent 
 of Class 

Common Stock 
 
 Xiaohao Tan (i), (ii), (iii) 

42,067,770 

35.07 

Common Stock 
 
 Xin
 Yang (iii), (iv) 

0 

0 

Common
 Stock 
 
 Grand
 Progressive Holdings Limited (i) 

46,926,860 

39.12 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment
 power with respect to securities. Beneficial ownership also includes shares of stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable
 or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this table. In determining the percent of common stock owned by a person or entity as
 of the date of this Report, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity, including
 shares which may be acquired within 60 days on exercise of warrants or options and conversion of convertible securities, and (b)
 the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of common stock outstanding on as of December 31, 2022 (119,956,826 shares), and
 (ii) the total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of the derivative securities. Unless otherwise
 stated, each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares. 

(2) 
 Based
 on the total issued and outstanding shares of 119,956,826 as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Due
from related parties mainly consists of funds advanced to related parties. The
balances are unsecured, non-interest bearing. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the related parties had advanced of 8,138
and repaid of 320,486, and they had settled the remaining balance of 686 on May 2023. 

Due
to related parties mainly consists of borrowings for working capital purpose, related party s produce costs and rental expenses,
the balances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company borrowed 853,331,
from these related parties, and repaid to them of 158,055. 

In
addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the related party M, Hunan Ezagoo Film Co., Limited, had provided the advertisement
produce service of 5,334 to the Company, and the related party I, Hunan Bright Lionrock Mountain Resort Limited provided the office
rent service of 2,527 to the Company. 

The difference of the advances and repayment amounts in US due to the
different exchange rate used to evaluate the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For
more related party transactions, see Note 5 11 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Review,
Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions 

Given
our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification
of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officer(s), Director(s) and significant stockholders. We intend to
establish formal policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional Directors, so
that such transactions will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee
thereof. On a moving forward basis, our Directors will continue to approve any related party transaction. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors is currently composed of one member, Xiaohao Tan, who do not qualifies as an independent director in accordance with
the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests,
such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor
any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made
a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere
with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is
required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed
information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships
as they may relate to us and our management. 

34 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to the Company by its independent registered public accounting firm, for the fiscal
years indicated. 

ACCOUNTING
 FEES AND SERVICES 
 For
 the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Audit
 Fees (1) 
 47,325 
 44,850 
 
 Audit-Related
 Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax
 Fees (3) 
 6,000 
 4,000 
 
 All
 Other Fees (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 53,325 
 48,850 

(1)
This category consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal independent registered public accountants for the
audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports and services that are normally
provided by the independent registered public accounting firms in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for
those fiscal years. 

(2)
This category consists of fees for assurance and related services by our independent registered public accountant that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. 
The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

(3)
This category consists of fees for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accountant for tax compliance,
tax advice, and tax planning. 

(4)
This category consists of fees for services provided by our independent registered public accountants other than the services described
above. 

All
of the professional services rendered by principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements that are normally provided
by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for last two fiscal years were approved by our board
of directors. 

All
above audit services were pre-approved by the Board of Directors for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act (HFCAA) 

Our
common stock may be prohibited from trading on a national exchange or over-the-counter markets under the HFCAA if the PCAOB
determines it is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditors for three consecutive years beginning in 2021. Furthermore,
on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act AHFCAA ), which, if
signed into law, would amend the HFCAA and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges
if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three consecutive years. 

Pursuant
to the HFCAA, the PCAOB issued a Determination Report on December 16, 2021 which found that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate
completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in: (1) mainland China and (2) Hong Kong. In addition, the PCAOB s
report identified the specific registered public accounting firms which are subject to these determinations. 

Our
auditor, TAAD, LLP, is headquartered in Southern California, and has been inspected by the PCAOB on a regular basis. TAAD, LLP is a firm
registered with the PCAOB and is required by the laws of the U.S. to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance
with the laws of the U.S. and professional standards. TAAD, LLP has been subject to PCAOB inspections, and is not among the PCAOB-registered
public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC or Hong Kong that are subject to PCAOB s determination on December 16, 2021 of
having been unable to inspect or investigate completely. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the future, if it is determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate our auditor completely, or if there
is any regulatory change or step taken by PRC regulators that does not permit TAAD, LLP to provide audit documentations located in China
or Hong Kong to the PCAOB for inspection or investigation, or the PCAOB expands the scope of the Determination so that we are subject
to the HFCAA, as the same may be amended, you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection. Any audit reports not issued by auditors
that are completely inspected or investigated by the PCAOB, or a lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken in China that prevents
the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditors audits and their quality control procedures, could result in a lack of assurance
that our financial statements and disclosures are adequate and accurate. which could result in limitation or restriction to our access
to the U.S. capital markets and trading of our securities, including trading on the national exchange and trading on over-the-counter 
markets, may be prohibited under the HFCAA. See Risk Factors Our shares may be delisted under the Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, or for two consecutive
years if the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act becomes law; and the delisting of our shares, or the threat of their
being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment and Risk Factors Newly
enacted Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, recent regulatory actions taken by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board, and proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq calling for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to China-based
public companies could add uncertainties to our capital raising activities and compliance costs for more information. 

35 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
Financial Statements 

The
financial statements as listed in the accompanying Index to Financial Statements as filed as part of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

All
financial statements schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient
to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the financial statements and notes thereto
included in this Form 10-K. 

(b)
Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed or furnished herewith: 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation 

3.2 
 Bylaws 

31.1 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal executive officer 

31.2 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal financial officer 

32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of principal executive officer 

32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of principal financial officer 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

As filed in the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 Amendment No.3 (File No. 333-228681) on May 3, 2019. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EZAGOO
 LIMITED 

(Name
 of Registrant) 

Date:
 June 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Tan, Xiaohao 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director 

Date:
 June 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Yang, Xin 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

37 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Financial
 Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7
 F-14 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To:
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Ezagoo
Limited 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ezagoo Limited and subsidiaries (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years
then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency
that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with
the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements. 

Our
audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit
matters. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

June 7, 2023 

F- 2 

EZAGOO
LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT
 ASSETS 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Amount
 due from related parties 

Deposits,
 prepayments and other receivables 

Income
 tax receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 current assets 

NON-CURRENT
 ASSETS 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES 

Account
 payable 

Accrual,
 other payable and deposits received 

Amount
 due to director 

Amount
 due to related parties 

Deferred
 revenue 

Income
 tax payable 
 - 

Operating
 lease liabilities, current 

Total
 current liabilities 

NON-
 CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Operating
 lease liabilities, non-current 
 - 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 DEFICIT 

Preferred
 stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December
 31, 2021 respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated
 deficit 

TOTAL
 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

EZAGOO
LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUE 

Related
 party 
 
 - 
 
 Non-related
 party 

Revenue 

COSTS
 AND EXPENSES 

Cost
 of revenue for short video produce costs, related party 

Cost
 of revenue for rental and related costs 

Cost
 of revenue for salaries and related expenses 

Sales
 and marketing expenses 

General
 and administrative expenses 

TOTAL
 COSTS AND EXPENSES 

OPERATING
 INCOME (LOSS) 

OTHER
 INCOME (EXPENSES) 

Other
 income 

Other
 expenses 

Imputed
 interest expenses 

TOTAL
 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) 

INCOME
 (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAX 

INCOME
 TAX EXPENSE 

NET
 INCOME (LOSS) 

Other
 comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign
 exchange adjustment loss 

COMPREHENSIVE
 INCOME (LOSS) 

- 
 
 Net
 income (loss) per share - Basic and diluted 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding Basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

EZAGOO
LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Number
 of shares 
 Amount 
 PAID-IN
 CAPITAL 
 COMPREHENSIVE
 INCOME 
 ACCUMULATED
 DEFICIT 
 STOCKHOLDER
 S DEFICIT 

COMMON
 STOCK 
 ADDITIONAL 
 ACCUMULATED
 OTHER 
 
 TOTAL 

Number
 of shares 
 Amount 
 PAID-IN
 CAPITAL 
 COMPREHENSIVE
 INCOME 
 ACCUMULATED
 DEFICIT 
 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 
 Balance
 as of December 31, 2020 

Reclassify
 imputed interests of related parties payable from accrual liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Imputed
 interests of year 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2021 

Beginning Balance 
 119,956,826 

Imputed
 interests of year 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 ) 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 

Ending Balance 
 119,956,826 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

EZAGOO
LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net
 income (loss) 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Imputed
 interest expense 

Depreciation 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Deposit,
 prepayments, and other receivables 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrual
 and other payable 

Receipts
 in advance 

Deferred
 revenue 

Income
 tax payable 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds
 from related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Funds advanced
 from related parties 

Repayment to director 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 CASH FLOWS INFORMATION 

Income
 taxes paid 
 
 - 
 
 Interest
 paid 
 - 
 - 

NON-CASH
 INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Right-of-use
 asset exchanged for lease liability 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

EZAGOO
LIMITED 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

shares of restricted common stock at a purchase price of (par
value) per share. The proceeds from the sale, which were in the amount of have gone directly to the Company for initial working
capital. 

On
June 30, 2018 Zhang, Qianwen and Greenpro Asia Strategic SPC- Greenpro Asia Strategic Fund SP purchased and shares
of restricted common stock respectively at a purchase price of (par value) per share. The proceeds from the sale, which were
in the amount of , have gone directly to the Company for initial working capital. 

On
June 6, 2018 Ezagoo Holding Limited, a Seychelles Company, acquired Ezagoo Limited, A Hong Kong Company, in consideration of . 

Ezagoo
Limited, a Nevada Company, acquired Ezagoo Holding Limited, a Seychelles Company, on June 25, 2018 in consideration of . Ezagoo Holding
Limited is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

On
July 20, 2018, Ezagoo Limited, a Hong Kong Company, incorporated a new subsidiary in Changsha, China, called Changsha Ezagoo Technology
Limited, whereas it is owned entirely by Ezagoo Limited, the Hong Kong Company. There was no consideration exchanged per the transaction. 

The
three companies above are under common control Mr. Tan, Xiaohao, the director of the Company, so they are related parties. 

On
July 20, 2018, Changsha Ezagoo Technology Limited, the Hong Kong Company, also referred to herein as CETL , entered into
and consummated an agreement with Beijing Ezagoo Shopping Holding Limited, also referred to herein as BESH , and Ruiyin
(Shenzhen) Financial Leasing Limited, also referred to herein as RFLL , whereas CETL has the option to purchase all of the
equity interests of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology
Limited), a Chinese, PRC Company, from RFLL and BESH. These equity interests would make up 100 of the equity interests
of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited). Beijing
Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited) is considered to be
a variable interest entity, also referred to herein as a VIE , to Changsha Ezagoo Technology Limited, and therefore a VIE
of the issuer, Ezagoo Limited, a Nevada Company. More information regarding this agreement can be found in exhibit 10.1, titled, Call
Option Agreement . 

On
July 20, 2018, CETL entered into and consummated an agreement with BESH and RFLL whereas BESH and RFLL have given CETL the right to appoint
management of CETL to act as proxy to existing shareholders of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as
Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited). This gives management of CETL the ability to conduct and control company affairs
of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited). Actions
which management of CETL may be able to carry out include, but are not limited to, exercising voting rights as proxy of the existing
shareholder(s), appointing new directors, hiring new management, and carrying out corporate actions. More information regarding this
agreement can be found in exhibit 10.2, titled, Shareholder Voting Rights Proxy Agreement. 

of all profits generated by Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology
Limited. This Agreement is effective as of and will continue in effect for a period of ten years (the Initial
Term ), and for succeeding periods of the same duration (each, Subsequent Term ), until terminated by one of the following
means either during the Initial Term or thereafter: Mutual Consent, Termination by CETL, Breach or Insolvency. Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng
Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited) is considered to be a variable interest
entity to Changsha Ezagoo Technology Limited, and therefore a VIE of the issuer, Ezagoo Limited, a Nevada Company. More information regarding
this agreement can be found in exhibit 10.3, titled, Management Services Agreement. 

On
July 20, 2018, CETL entered into and consummated an agreement with BESH and RFLL whereas BESH and RFLL have pledged their equity interests
in Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited), to CETL.
More information regarding this agreement can be found in exhibit 10.4, titled, Equity Pledge Agreement. 

On
July 20, 2018, CETL entered into a loan agreement with BESH and RFLL wherein CETL will loan the amount of approximately CNY (Chinese
Yuan) to BESH and RFLL, all of which shall be used for the benefit of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known
as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited). The total amount of the loan is due on, or before, . More information
regarding this agreement can be found in exhibit 10.5, titled, Loan Agreement. 

Beijing
Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited) is the Company through
which we operate, and which shares our business plan to provide video advertising on buses the Mobile APP. 

On
July 31, 2018 Xin Yang was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 

On March 3, 2021, the Company incorporated a branch
company of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited, named Changsha branch of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited,
the reason to continue the operating in Changsha is we had adapted to the business environment and adjusted business strategy. 

EZAGOO
LIMITED and its subsidiaries are hereinafter referred to as the Company . 

EZAGOO
LIMITED 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

and operated a net loss of . The continuation
of the Company as a going concern through December 31, 2022 is dependent upon improving the profitability and the continuing financial
support from its stockholders. Management believes the existing shareholders or external financing will provide the additional cash to
meet the Company s obligations as they become due. 

These
and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements
do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts
and classification of liabilities that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern. 

Period-average
 RMB: US 1 exchange rate 

Period-end
 HK : US 1 exchange rate 

Period-average
 HK : US 1 exchange rate 

Period-end
 and Period-average CNY and HK : US 1 exchange rate 

EZAGOO
LIMITED 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

 - 
 years 

The
cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expenses as incurred, whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. 

of commission income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All of the VAT returns filed by the Company s subsidiaries
in the PRC, have been and remain subject to examination by the PRC tax authorities for from the date of filing. VAT payables are included in accrued liabilities. 

EZAGOO
LIMITED 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

 or more of the Company s securities and their immediate families,
(ii) the Company s management, (iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control
with the Company, or (iv) anyone who can significantly influence the financial and operating decisions of the Company. A transaction
is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties. 

Transactions
involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive,
free market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related
party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm s-length transactions unless such representations
can be substantiated. 

EZAGOO
LIMITED 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Less:
 Accumulated depreciation 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense, classified as operating expenses, was and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Related party Q 
 
 - 
 
 Total amount due from related parties 

The
related party F, Hunan Homestead Asset Management Co., Ltd. is owns by Mr. Chengfu Tan, the father of Mr. Xiaohao Tan. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount due from him are 0 
and ,
respectively. It was repaid and settled by the him in the second quarter of year 2022. 

The amount due from related
party Q, Grand Progressive Holdings Limited, is owns by GP Brightlight Foundation (that is owns by Mr. Xiaohao Tan), and it s also a shareholder of the Company. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the amount due from them are and 0 , respectively. It was repaid and settled by them in second quarter
of year 2023. 

Total
 deposits, prepayments and other receivables 

As
of December 31, 2022, the balance represented an outstanding prepayment which included rent prepayment, and related costs. As
of December 31, 2021, the balance represented outstanding prepaid expenses which included rent prepayment, and housing funds. 

Total 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our account payable are 
and ,
respectively. These account payables were ZXZC s e-commence costs payables to vendors in 2022, and bus rental payables in
2021. 

Other
 payable 

Deposits
 received from customers 

Total
 other payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrual
includes the audit fee other accrued expenses. Other payable include the PRC tax payable, salaries payable, and rent payable. Deposits
received from customers are advertisement service and e-commerce trading fee paid in advance by customers. 

Total
 deferred revenue 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our deferred revenue are and , respectively. These deferred revenues were expected to
be recognized as revenue during the year 2023. 

and to the Company, which is unsecured,
interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose. 

EZAGOO
LIMITED 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Amount
 due to related party C 

Amount
 due to related party D 

Amount
 due to related party E 

Amount
 due to related party G 

Amount
 due to related party H 

Amount
 due to related party I 

Amount
 due to related party J 

Amount
 due to related party K 

Amount
 due to related party L 

Amount
 due to related party M 

Amount
 due to related party N 

Amount
 due to related party O 

Amount
 due to related party P 

Total 

Related
party B is Changsha Boyi Zhicheng Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (former named: Hunan Ezagoo Shopping Co. Ltd.), Hunan Homestead
Asset Management Co., Ltd. is a shareholder of Changsha Boyi Zhicheng Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (former named: Hunan Ezagoo
Shopping Co. Ltd.), which is 
owned by Chengfu Tan, who is Xiaohao Tan s father. For the years ended ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party B
advanced 
and 
to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term,
for working capital purpose. 

Related
party C is Ms. Weihong Wan, Assistant and Secretary of Mr. Xiaohao Tan. Ms. Weihong Wan is a shareholder and Legal Company Representative
of Ruiyin (Shenzhen) Financial Leasing Limited. For the years ended ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party C advanced 
and to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment
term, for working capital purpose. 

Related
party D is Ms. Qianwen Zhang, the wife of Mr. Xiaohao Tan. Ms. Qianwen Zhang is also the Legal Company Representative of related party
G, Kuaile Motors Camping Site Investment Development Limited. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party D advanced
 and to the Company as working capital, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital
purpose. 

Related
party E is Changsha Kexibeier E-commerce Limited, Mr. Cheng Zhang is the Legal Company Representative of the Changsha Kexibeier E-commerce
Limited and BEZL. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party E advanced and to the Company as working
capital, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose. 

Related
party G is Kuaile Motors Camping Site Investment Development Limited. Mr. Xiaohao Tan and his wife, Ms Qianwen Zhang owns equity of 
and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party G advanced and to the Company as
working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital
purpose. 

Related
party H is Hunan Yijiaren Hotel Limited, it s owns and by related party J, Beijing Ezagoo Industrial Development Group
Holding Limited and Ms. Qianwen Zhang, the wife of Mr. Xiaohao Tan, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related
party H advanced and to the Company as working capital, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for
working capital purpose. 

Related
party I is Hunan Bright Lionrock Mountain Resort Limited. It s owns by related party J, Beijing Ezagoo Industrial Development Group
Holding Limited, and related party G, Hunan Kuaile Motors Camping Site Investment Development Ltd. with equity of 
and ,
respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, the Company had rental expenses of that due to related party I. For the years
ended December 31, 2021, related party I advanced 
 to the Company as working capital and to pay
administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose. 

Related
party J is Beijing Ezagoo Industrial Development Group Holding Limited. Its two main equity owners are related party N, Hunan Wancheng
Xingyi Industrial Development Co., Ltd and Mr. Xiaohao Tan with equity of and , respectively. For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, related party J advanced and to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses,
which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose. 

Related
party K is Ruiyin (Shenzhen) Financial Leasing Limited. Weihong Wan, Assistant and Secretary of Xiaohao Tan, is a Legal Company Representative
of related party K. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party K advanced and to the Company as working
capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose. 

Related
party L is Ezagoo B R (HongKong) Industry Development Group Limited, which is owns by Mr. Xiaohao Tan. For the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, related party L advanced and to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses,
which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose. 

Related
party M is Hunan Ezagoo Film Co., Limited, which of its equity is owns by Mr. Xiaohao Tan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company has and advertising production cost payable to related party M, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed
payment term. 

Related
party N is Hunan Wancheng Xingyi Industrial Development Co., Limited, which is owns by Mr. Xiaohao Tan. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, related party N advanced and to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which
is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose. 

Related
party O is Hunan Little Penguin Culture Communication Co., Limited, which and of its equity is owns by related party J, Beijing
Ezagoo Industrial Development Group Holding Limited and Mr. Xiaohao Tan, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party
N advanced and to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free
with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose. 

Related
party P is Hunan Yuancheng Shengwang Marketing Co., Limited, which of its equity is owns by related party J, Beijing Ezagoo Industrial
Development Group Holding Limited. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party P advanced and to the Company as working
capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose. 

Imputed
 interest expenses to related parties 

Imputed
 interest income from related parties 

Total
 imputed interest expenses (income) 

Commission
 income, related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Cost
 of revenue, related parties 

Office rental fee 
 
 - 

EZAGOO
LIMITED 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

-
 Foreign, representing 

Seychelles 
 - 
 - 
 
 Hong
 Kong 

China 

Income
 (loss) before income tax 

-
 Foreign 
 - 
 - 

Deferred: 

-
 Local 
 - 
 - 
 
 -
 Foreign 
 - 
 - 

Income
 tax expense 

Effective
and Statutory Rate Reconciliation 

Change
 in income tax valuation allowance 

Effective
 tax rate 

The
effective tax rate in the periods presented is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad
range of income tax rates. the Company has subsidiaries that operate in various countries: United States, Seychelles, Hong Kong and China
that are subject to taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate, as follows: 

United
States of America 

The
Company is registered in the State of Nevada and is subject to the tax laws of the United States of America and the tax rate is .
As of December 31, 2022 the operations in the United States of America incurred 
of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. The net operating loss
carryforwards, if unutilized. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance of 
against the U.S. deferred tax assets on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management
believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. 

The Tax Cut and Jobs Act (TCJA) enacted in late 2017
added rules that require the US parent company to include in income certain low taxed income. The company is subject to the these so called
GILTI (Global Intangible Low-taxed Income) rules due to their presence in the China, Hong Kong and the Seychelles. The GILTI tax has been
properly reflected in their tax provision calculation as of December 31, 2022. 

Seychelles 

Under
the current laws of the Seychelles, Ezagoo Holding Limited is registered as an international business company which governs by the International
Business Companies Act of Seychelles and there is no income tax charged in Seychelles. 

Hong
Kong 

Ezagoo
(HK) Limited is subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax, which is charged at the statutory income rate of on its assessable income. 

People s
Republic of China 

Changsha
Ezagoo Technology Limited, Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited and its Changsha Branch company are operating in the People s
Republic of China PRC subject to the Corporate Income Tax governed by the Income Tax Law of the People s Republic
of China with a unified statutory income tax rate of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the operations in People s Republic
of China generated the net loss of which can be used to offset the future taxable income over the next 5 years, from year
2023 to year 2027. 

Hong Kong 

The PRC 

Less:
 valuation allowance 

Deferred
 tax assets 
 - 
 - 

EZAGOO
LIMITED 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

years, the second is in Beijing China with remaining lease term of years, the third is in Changsha, Hunan China that paid month
by month rent as of December 31, 2022 after the lease ends, the fourth is in Changsha, Hunan China with remaining lease term of 
years. A lease with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company accounts for the lease and
non-lease components of its leases as a single lease component. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

years 

year 
 
 2 nd
 Beijing office rent 

year 

year 
 
 3 rd
 Changsha office rent 

years 

4 th
 Changsha office rent, related party 

year 

year 

Operating
lease right-of-use ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease
payments over the lease term. ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent
our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Generally, the implicit rate of interest in arrangements is not readily
determinable and the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company s
incremental borrowing rate is a hypothetical rate based on its understanding of what its credit rating would be. The operating lease
ROU asset includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. 

This
standard did not have a significant impact on our liquidity or on our compliance with our financial covenants associated with our loans. 

The
components of lease expense and supplemental cash flow information related to leases for the period are as follows: 

(a)
Rent expenses 

Other
 Information 

Cash
 paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for the year 

Weighted
 average remaining lease term operating leases (in years) 

Average
 discount rate operating leases 

Total
 operating right-of-use assets 

Operating
 lease liabilities- current portion 

Operating
 lease liabilities- non-current portion 
 - 

Total
 operating lease liabilities 

Total
 lease payments 

Less:
 Imputed interest/present value discount 

Present
 value of lease liabilities 

Lease
expenses were and during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares issued and outstanding. There are shares of preferred stock issued
and outstanding. 

and ,
respectively. 

(approximately of are at risk. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of and , with and was not insured, respectively. The cash that not
insured are deposits in non-traditional bank accounts or financial institutions. 

to a related party. They had repaid and settled the amount of 
at May 2023. 

In accordance with ASC Topic 855, Subsequent Events , which
establishes general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before consolidated
financial statements are issued, the Company has evaluated all events or transactions that occurred up to June 6, 2023, the date the consolidated
financial statements were available to issue. Based upon this evaluation, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would
have required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements other than the above. 

F- 14 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Xiaohao Tan, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of EZAGOO LIMITED (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 June 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Tan, Xiaohao 

Tan,
 Xiaohao 

Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Xin Yang, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of EZAGOO LIMITED (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 June 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Yang, Xin 

Yang,
 Xin 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of EZAGOO LIMITED (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), The undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and
belief: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

Date:
 June 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Tan, Xiaohao 

Tan,
 Xiaohao 

Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Secretary, 
 Treasurer,
 Director 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of EZAGOO LIMITED (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), The undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and
belief: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

Date:
 June 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Yang, Xin 

Yang,
 Xin 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ezoo-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ezoo-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ezoo-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ezoo-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

