<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230412_10-K_edgar_data_1042187_0001493152-23-011960.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7614808</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>207581</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1321478</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2338802</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1694336</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1874784</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-011960.hdr.sgml : 20230412
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230412131748
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-011960
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230412
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230412

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Yunhong CTI Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001042187
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FABRICATED RUBBER PRODUCTS, NEC [3060]
		IRS NUMBER:				362848943
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23115
		FILM NUMBER:		23815256

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22160 N PEPPER RD
		CITY:			BARRINGTON
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8473821000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22160 N PEPPER RD
		CITY:			BARRINGTON
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CTI INDUSTRIES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970710

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-011960.txt : 20230412

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________to_________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Ticker
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 Reporting Company 
 Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has fi led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting fi rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Based
upon the closing price of 0.71 per share of the Registrant s Common Stock as reported on NASDAQ Capital Market tier of The NASDAQ
Stock Market on June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was then
approximately . (The determination of stock ownership by non-affiliates was made solely for the purpose of responding to the
requirements of the Form and the Registrant is not bound by this determination for any other purpose.) 

The
number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock as of March 20, 2023 was (excluding treasury shares). 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

INDEX 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Part I 

Item
 No. 1 
 Description of Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 No. 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 
 
 Item
 No. 2 
 Properties 
 10 
 
 Item
 No. 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 10 

Part II 

Item
 No. 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 10 
 
 Item
 No. 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 11 
 
 Item
 No. 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 20 
 
 Item
 No. 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 20 
 
 Item
 No. 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 20 
 
 Item
 No. 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 20 
 
 Item
 No. 9B 
 Other Information 
 21 

Part III 

Item
 No. 10 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 21 
 
 Item
 No. 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 26 
 
 Item
 No. 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 29 
 
 Item
 No. 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 31 
 
 Item
 No. 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 31 

Part IV 

Item
 No. 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 32 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes both historical and forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections
about future results. Words such as may, should, could, would, expect, 
 plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, 
 continue, or similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements
contain these words. Although we believe that our opinions and expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements, and our actual results may differ substantially
from the views and expectations set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We disclaim any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking
statements after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our opinions
or expectations. These forward-looking statements are affected by factors, risks, uncertainties and assumptions that we make, including,
without limitation, our participation in highly competitive markets, potential changes in the cost or availability of raw materials,
our dependence on a limited number of suppliers, the possible inability to obtain an adequate supply of raw materials, our reliance on
a limited number of key customers, the loss of one or more of our key customers, changing consumer demands, developments or changes in
technology, risks of international operations and political environments, dependence on our intellectual property, compliance with federal,
state or local regulations, the resolution of litigation or other legal proceedings to which we may become involved, restrictions included
in the Company s credit facility, the availability of funds under the Company s credit facility, damage to or destruction
of one or both of the Company s principal plants, our ability to service our indebtedness, our ability to invest in needed plant
or equipment. 

PART
I 

Item
No. 1 Business 

Business
Overview 

We
develop, produce, distribute and sell a number of consumer products throughout the United States and in several other countries, and
we produce film products for commercial and industrial uses in the United States. Many of our products utilize flexible films and, for
a number of years, we have been a leading developer of innovative products which employ flexible films including novelty balloons, pouches
and films for commercial packaging applications. 

Our
principal lines of products include: 

Novelty
Products consisting principally of foil and latex balloons and related gift items; and 

Flexible
Films for food and other commercial and packaging applications. 

In
addition to these principal product lines, for the past several years, we have engaged in the assembly and sale of Candy Blossoms (small
gift bouquets of arranged candy items often including ribbons and/or a small foil balloon). 

We
leverage our technology to design and develop proprietary products which we develop, market and sell for our customers. We have been
engaged in the business of developing flexible film products for over 40 years and have acquired significant technology and know-how
in that time. We currently hold several patents related to flexible film products, including specific films, zipper closures, valves
and other features of these products. 

1 

 Table of Contents 

We
print, process and convert flexible film into finished products and we produce balloons and novelty items. Our principal production processes
include: 

Coating
 and laminating rolls of flexible film. Generally, we adhere polyethylene film to another film such as nylon or polyester; 

Printing
 film and latex balloons. We print on plastic films, with a variety of graphics, for use as packaging film or for balloons; 

Converting
 printed film to balloons; 

Converting
 film to flexible containers; 

Producing
 or reselling latex balloons and other latex novelty items; and 

Assembling
 and inflating of novelty products and balloons and Candy Blossoms. 

In
1978, we began manufacturing metalized balloons (often referred to as foil balloons), which are balloons made of a base
material (usually nylon or polyester) often having vacuum deposited aluminum and polyethylene coatings. These balloons remain buoyant
when filled with helium for much longer periods than latex balloons and permit the printing of graphic designs on the surface. In 1985,
we began marketing latex balloons and, in 1988, we began manufacturing latex balloons. In 1999, we acquired an extrusion coating and
laminating machine and began production of coated and laminated films, which we have produced since that time. 

For
more than 20 years, we have been engaged in the coating, laminating and printing of flexible films for our novelty and container products
and for the production of laminated and printed films we supply to others. 

We
market and sell our foil and latex balloons and related novelty items throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico and in a number
of other countries. We supply directly to retail stores and chains and through distributors, who in turn sell to retail stores and chains.
Our balloon and novelty products are sold to consumers through a wide variety of retail outlets including general merchandise, discount
and drugstore chains, grocery chains, card and gift shops and party goods stores, as well as through florists and balloon decorators. 

Most
of our foil balloons contain printed characters, designs and social expression messages, such as Happy Birthday, Get
Well and similar items. We may obtain licenses from time to time for well-known characters and print those characters and messages
on our balloons. 

We
provide customized laminated films and printed films to customers who utilize the film to produce bags or pouches for the packaging of
food, liquids and other items. In 2014, we began assembling and producing Candy Blossoms - containers including candy items and, often,
air-inflated balloons. 

In
2022, our revenues from our product lines, as a percent of total revenues were: 

Novelty
 Products 
 60 
 of revenues 

Flexible
 Film Products 
 11 
 of revenues 

Candy
 Blossoms and Other Products 
 29 
 of revenues 

We
are an Illinois corporation with our principal offices and plant at 22160 N. Pepper Road, Lake Barrington, Illinois. 

2 

 Table of Contents 

Business
Strategies and Developments 

Our
business strategies, and recent developments related to our business, include: 

Management .
 During December 2019, Mr. Frank Cesario, who joined CTI during 2017 as Chief Financial Officer, became both President and Chief Executive
 Officer. During 2020 we changed our name to Yunhong CTI Ltd., as we received a significant investment from LF International Pte,
 Ltd. Mr. Yubao Li, Chairman of the Yunhong China Group, became a director and then Chairman of Yunhong CTI Ltd. He replaced Mr. Cesario
 in September 2020 as Chief Executive Officer, at which time Mr. Cesario retired from the Company. During 2020 Ms. Jana Schwan became
 our Chief Operating Officer after having served as Vice President of Operations and a number of other roles of increasing responsibility
 during her 20 years with the Company. During 2021, Mr. Cesario rejoined the Company s Board of Directors. During January 2022,
 Mr. Cesario rejoined the Company as Chief Executive Officer, with Mr. Li retaining the role of Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

Financing .
 From 2018 through 2020 we had multiple events of default with our primary lender, resulting in the Company incurring substantial
 penalties and fees. In addition, the Company had to enter into several forbearance agreements, pursuant to which the lender agreed
 to not take action against the Company for its default. During 2020 we entered into several individual securities purchase agreements
 with certain accredited investors for the purchase of shares of our Series A and B Convertible Preferred Stock. We sold Series C
 and D Convertible Preferred Stock during 2021 and executed a sale / leaseback transaction of our Lake Barrington, IL property. We
 entered into a smaller credit facility with a new entity during September 2021 as we repaid our prior lender and terminated that
 prior credit facility. We have remained in compliance with this credit facility since inception (September 2021). 

Strategy.
 Our management determined to focus on achieving growth and profitability within the current scope of our core product lines 
 foil balloons and related products from our United States based business. We reviewed our operations and, during 2019, decided
 to sell or liquidate our subsidiaries in the UK and Europe. We attempted to sell our subsidiary in Mexico in early 2020, which was
 not successful at the time (during to the Covid-19 pandemic). That effort was ultimately completed during October 2021. In an attempt
 to increase profitability, we announced an intention to relocate our warehousing and light assembly facility from Lake Zurich, IL
 to Laredo, TX during 2020. Due to certain factors including the Covid-19 pandemic, we instead relocated this facility to Elgin, IL
 during March 2021 and are no longer pursuing a relocation to Texas. 

Focus
 on our Core Assets and Expertise . We have been engaged in the development, production and sale of film and container products
 for 40 years and have developed assets, technology and expertise which, we believe, enable us to develop, manufacture, purchase,
 market and sell innovative products of high quality within our areas of knowledge and expertise. We have focused our efforts on these
 core assets and areas of expertise film novelty products, specialty film products, laminated films and printed films 
 to develop new products, to market and sell our products and to build our revenues. 

Develop
 New Products, Product Improvements and Technologies . We engage in research, design, innovation and development for the purpose
 of developing and improving products, materials, methods and technologies within our core product categories. We work to develop
 and identify new products, to improve existing products and to develop new technologies within our core product areas in order to
 enhance our competitive position and increase our sales. We seek to leverage our technology to develop innovative and proprietary
 products. In our novelty product lines, our development work includes new designs, new character licenses, new product developments,
 new materials and improved production methods. We work with customers to develop custom film products which serve the unique needs
 or requirements of the customer. Now that we are connected to the Yunhong China Group, we plan to look for additional opportunities
 to add value and grow with group members. 

Develop
 New Channels of Distribution and New Sales Relationships . We seek to organically develop new channels of distribution and new
 sales relationships, both for existing and new products. Over the past several years, we have developed new distributors and customers
 for our products in the United States and in Europe, Mexico, Latin America and Australia. We also look to leverage resources within
 the Yunhong China Group for a wide range of topics, from sales to sourcing. 

Product
 and Line Extensions. We intend to pursue new product lines and product line extensions, through internal developments. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Products 

Foil
Balloons . We have designed, produced and sold foil balloons since 1979 and, we believe, are one of the larger manufacturers of foil
balloons in the United States. Currently, we produce several hundred foil balloon designs, in different shapes and sizes. 

In
addition to size and shape, a principal element of our foil balloon products is the printed design or message contained on the balloon.
These designs may include figures and licensed characters, but typically are of our own design. We recognize that consumer trends and
preferences, and competing products, are constantly changing. In order to compete effectively in this product line we must constantly
innovate and develop new designs, shapes and products. 

Latex
Balloons . Our former subsidiary in Guadalajara, Mexico, Flexo Universal, S. de R.L. de C.V. Flexo Universal manufactures
latex balloons in a wide variety of sizes and colors. Flexo Universal was sold during October 2021. The Company currently sources latex
products from a foreign supplier and resells those products to customers that seek both foil and latex solutions. 

Packaging
Films and Custom Film Products. A large and increasing number of both consumer and commercial products are packaged in pouches or
containers utilizing flexible films. Often such containers include printed labels and designs. We produce and sell films that may be
utilized for the packaging of a wide variety of products and liquids. We laminate, extrusion coat and adhesive coat flexible films for
these purposes and we provide flexographic printing for the films we produce. We can produce a variety of customized film products, and
printing services, to meet the specific packaging needs of a wide variety of customers. 

Other
Products. In 2014, we began assembly and sale of our Candy Blossom product line (typically a presentation of candy with a balloon
in a decorate arrangement for gifting). We have since supplemented this product line with related products. 

Markets 

Foil
Balloons 

The
foil balloon came into existence in the late 1970s. During the 1980s, the market for foil balloons grew rapidly. Initially, the product
was sold principally to individual vendors, small retail outlets and at fairs, amusement parks, shopping centers and other outdoor facilities
and functions. Foil balloons remain buoyant when filled with helium for extended periods of time and they permit the printing and display
of graphics and messages. As a result, the product has significant appeal as a novelty and message item. Foil balloons became part of
the social expression industry, carrying graphics designs, characters and messages like greeting cards. In the mid-1980s,
we and other participants in the market began licensing character and cartoon images for printing on the balloons and directed marketing
of the balloons to retail outlets including grocery, general merchandise, discount and drug store chains, card and gift shops, party
goods stores as well as florists and balloon decorators. These outlets now represent the principal means for the sale of foil balloons
throughout the United States and in a number of other countries, although individual vendors remain a means of distribution in certain
areas. 

Foil
balloons are now sold in virtually every region of the world. The United States remains the largest market for these products. 

Foil
balloons are sold in the United States and foreign countries directly by producers to retail outlets and through distributors and wholesalers.
Often the sale of foil balloons by the wholesalers/distributors is accompanied by related products including latex balloons, floral supplies,
candy containers, mugs, plush toys, baskets and a variety of party goods. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Latex
Balloons 

For
a number of years, latex balloons and related novelty/toy latex items have been marketed and sold throughout the United States and in
many other countries. Latex balloons are sold as novelty/toy items for decorative purposes, as part of floral designs and as party goods
and favors. In addition to standard size and shape balloons, inflatable latex items include punch balls, water bombs, balloons to be
twisted into shapes, and other specialty designs. Often, latex balloons include printed messages or designs. 

Latex
balloons are sold principally in retail outlets, including party goods stores, general merchandise stores, discount chains, gift stores
and drugstore chains. Latex balloons are also purchased by balloon decorators and floral outlets for use in decorative or floral designs.
Printed latex balloons are sold both in retail outlets and for balloon decoration purposes including floral designs. 

Latex
balloons are sold both through distributors and directly to retail outlets by the producers. 

Printed
and Specialty Films 

The
industry and market for printed and specialty films are fragmented and include many participants. There are hundreds of manufacturers
of printed and specialty film products in the United States and in other markets. In many cases, companies who provide food and other
products in film packages also produce or process the films used for their packages. The market for the Company s film products
consists principally of companies who utilize the films for the packaging of their products, including food products and other items,
usually by converting the film to a flexible container. 

Marketing,
Sales and Distribution 

Balloon
Products 

We
work in collaboration with our customers on designs, promotions, and other elements of marketing and selling. Our customers are typically
retailers who sell our products to individual consumers. These relationships generally can be terminated unilaterally by either us or
our customers. We must maintain good relationships with our customers if this sales model is to be successful. 

We
market and sell our foil balloon, latex balloon and related novelty products throughout the United States and in a number of other countries.
We maintain marketing, sales and support staff and a customer service department in the United States. We sell directly to foreign customers
from the United States. 

We
sell and distribute our balloon products (i) through our sales staff and customer service personnel in the United States, (ii) through
a network of distributors and wholesalers, (iii) through several groups of independent sales representatives, and (iv) to retail chains.
Our balloon products are generally sold through retail outlets including grocery, general merchandise and drug store chains, card and
gift shops, party goods stores as well as florists and balloon decorators. 

We
sometimes engage in advertising and promotional activities to promote the sale of our balloon products. We produce catalogs of our balloon
products, and also prepare various flyers and brochures for special or seasonal products, which we disseminate to customers, potential
customers and others. We maintain websites which show images of our products. 

Printed
and Specialty Films 

We
market and sell printed and laminated films directly and through independent sales representatives throughout the United States. We sell
laminated and printed films to companies that utilize these films to produce packaging for a variety of products, including food products,
in both solid and liquid form, such as cola syrup, coffee, juices and other items. We seek to identify and maintain customer relationships
in which we provide added value in the form of technology or systems. 

Other
Products 

Other
products are sold by our internal sales force directly to customers and also by independent sales representatives. These products are
generally sold directly to retail outlets or other intermediaries to the ultimate consumer (for example, to a florist). 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Production
and Operations 

We
conduct our operations at our facilities including: (i) our 68,000 square feet facility in Lake Barrington, Illinois, incorporating our
headquarters office, production and warehouse space, and (ii) our 69,000 square foot facility in Elgin, Illinois consisting of warehouse,
packaging and office space. 

Our
production operations include (i) lamination and extrusion coating of films, (ii) slitting of film rolls, (iii) printing on film and
on latex balloons, (iv) converting film to completed products including balloons, flexible containers and pouches, (v) distributing latex
balloon products, (vi) inflating of air-filled balloons, and (vii) assembling Candy blossoms. We perform all of the lamination, extrusion
coating and slitting activities in our Lake Barrington, Illinois plant. We complete air-filling and assembly of balloons and Candy Blossoms
in our Elgin, Illinois facility. 

We
warehouse raw materials in Lake Barrington, Illinois and we warehouse finished goods at our facilities in Lake Barrington, Illinois and
Elgin, Illinois. We maintain customer service and fulfillment operations at each of our locations. We conduct sales operations for the
United States and for all other markets at the Lake Barrington, Illinois facility. 

We
maintain a graphic arts and development department at our Lake Barrington, Illinois facility which designs our balloon products and graphics.
Our creative department operates a networked, computerized graphic arts system for the production of these designs and of printed materials
including catalogues, advertisements and other promotional materials. As many of our products are custom designed or created to fulfill
promotional schedules, we sometimes have excess inventory that must be sold at a discount or disposed of. Any such disposition will typically
negatively impact our profit margin. 

We
conduct administrative and accounting functions at our headquarters in Lake Barrington, Illinois. 

Raw
Materials 

The
principal raw materials we use in manufacturing our products are (i) petroleum or natural gas-based films, (ii) petroleum or natural
gas-based resin, (iii) printing inks, and (iv) bulk candy. The cost of raw materials represents a significant portion of the total cost
of our products, with the result that fluctuations in the cost of raw materials have a material effect on our profitability. During the
past several years, we have experienced significant fluctuations in the cost of these raw materials. We do not have any long-term agreements
for the supply of raw materials and may experience wide fluctuations in the cost of raw materials in the future. Further, although we
have been able to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials in the past, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain adequate
supplies of one or more of our raw materials in the future. 

Many
of the foil balloons we produce and sell are intended to be filled with helium in order to be buoyant. Over the past several years, the
price of helium has fluctuated substantially and the availability of helium has, on occasion, been limited. During 2018 and 2019, the
availability of helium declined and the cost of helium increased. The supply of helium improved significantly until 2022, when another
set of supply disruptions caused significant price escalation of helium. The price of helium has gradually decreased during the second
half of 2022 and into 2023, but remains higher than prior to February 2022. Any future occurrence of limited availability and/or an increase
in the cost of helium could adversely affect our sales of foil balloons. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Competition 

The
balloon and novelty industry is highly competitive, with numerous competitors. We believe the principal manufacturers of foil balloons
whose products are sold in the United States include Anagram International, Inc., Pioneer Balloon Company, Convertidora International
S.A. de C.V., and Betallic, LLC. Several companies market and sell foil balloons designed by them and manufactured by others for them.
In addition, there are several additional foil balloon manufacturers in Europe and China who participate in our markets. 

We
compete for the sale of latex balloons in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Latin America, the United Kingdom, Australia and Europe.
There are a number of other companies situated in the United States, Mexico, Asia, South America and Europe who manufacture latex balloons
and with whom we compete in the markets in which we participate. The markets are highly competitive with respect to price, quality and
terms. 

The
market for films, packaging, and custom products is fragmented, and competition in this area is difficult to gauge. However, there are
numerous participants in this market and the Company can expect to experience intense quality and price competition. 

Many
of the companies in these markets offer products and services that are the same or similar to those offered by us and our ability to
compete depends on many factors within and outside our control. There are a number of well-established competitors in each of our product
lines, several of which possess substantially greater financial, marketing and technical resources and have established extensive, direct
and indirect channels of distribution for their products and services. As a result, such competitors may be able to respond more quickly
to new developments and changes in customer requirements, or devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their
products and services than we can. Competitive pressures include, among other things, price competition, new designs and product development
and copyright licensing. 

Patents,
Trademarks and Copyrights 

We
have developed or acquired a number of intellectual property rights which we believe are significant to our business. As of December
31, 2022, we held 1 issued patent in the United States scheduled to expire in 2024. While intellectual property rights are helpful, we
believe that their degree of protection is uncertain. Competitors may violate our intellectual property rights, forcing us to decide
whether to challenge them. Such rights may or may not withstand challenge. Conversely, entities may charge us with violating their intellectual
property rights. Failure to protect our rights, or conflict with the rights of one or more other entities, may negatively impact our
financial and competitive position. 

Proprietary
Designs and Copyright Licenses. We design the shapes and graphic designs of most of our foil balloon products. 

Trademarks.
 We own nine registered trademarks in the United States relating to our balloon products, including trademark applications. Some of
these trademarks are registered in foreign countries, principally in the European Union. 

Patent
Rights. We own, or have license rights under, or have applied for, patents related to our balloon products, certain film products
and certain flexible container products. 

Research
and Development 

We
maintain a product development and research group for the development or identification of new products, product designs, product components
and sources of supply. Research and development includes (i) creative product development and design, (ii) creative marketing, and (iii)
engineering development. During each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we estimate that the total amount spent on
research and development activities was approximately 200,000 and 206,000, respectively. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had 58 full-time employees in the United States, of whom 14 are executive or supervisory, 2 are in
sales, 29 are in manufacturing or warehouse functions and 13 are clerical. The Company is not a party to any collective bargaining agreement
in the United States, has not experienced any work stoppages, and believes that its relationship with its employees is satisfactory. 

Beginning
November 2018, the Company experienced severe difficulty in securing adequate seasonal workers in its US operations, forcing it to pay
substantially higher costs in the form of overtime and a holiday premium. The Company expects its local labor market in the US (near
Chicago) to continue to become more costly over time, which, if not changed, would negatively impact its future profitability. The Company
has introduced additional automation features in its production lines during 2022 and expects to continue to implement automation tools
during 2023 and beyond. 

Regulatory
Matters 

Our
manufacturing operations in the United States are subject to the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Act OSHA ). We believe
we are in material compliance with OSHA. The Company generates liquid, gaseous and solid waste materials in its operations in Lake Barrington,
Illinois and the generation, emission or disposal of such waste materials are, or may be, subject to various federal, state and local
laws and regulations regarding the generation, emission or disposal of waste materials. We believe we are in material compliance with
applicable environmental rules and regulations. Several states have enacted laws limiting or restricting the release of helium filled
foil balloons. We do not believe such legislation will have any material effect on our operations. 

An
increasing number of regulations and actions relate to the integrity and security of individually identifiable data. Additionally, we
require the effective use of data in running our business. While we are not aware of losses in the past, access of such data by unauthorized
persons may expose us to costs, fines, penalties, and loss of customer confidence. 

International
Operations 

We
conducted operations in one location outside of the United States as recently as October 2021 when we sold our Flexo Universal manufacturing
operation (a latex balloon manufacturer based in Guadalajara, Mexico). Today we have no international operations. 

Available
Information 

We
maintain our corporate website at www.ctiindustries.com and we make available, free of charge, through this website our annual report
on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports that we file with, or furnish
to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material
with, or furnish it to, the SEC. You may also read and copy material filed by us with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room
at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, and you may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
the SEC in the U.S. at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet website, www.sec.gov, which contains reports, proxy
and information statements and other information that we file electronically with the SEC. Our website also includes corporate governance
information, including our Code of Ethics and our Board Committee Charters. The information contained on our website does not constitute
a part of this report. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Item
No. 1A Risk Factors 

Our
business and results of operations have been and may continue to be negatively impacted by the spread of COVID-19. 

We
sell our products throughout the United States and in many foreign countries and may be impacted by public health crises beyond our control.
This could disrupt our operations and negatively impact consumer spending and confidence levels, and supply availability and costs, all
of which can affect our financial results, condition, and outlook. Our customers, suppliers and distributors may experience similar disruption.
Importantly, the global pandemic resulting from COVID-19 has disrupted global health, economic and market conditions. 

Throughout
2021 and into 2022 the landscape improved from 2020, but the issue continues to drive elements of disruption in the ability to travel,
attract and retain workers, manage production configurations and protocols, the supply chain and customer base. While we cannot predict
the duration or scope of the COVID-19 pandemic, the resurgence of infections in one or more markets, or the impact of vaccines across
the globe, the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted our business and is expected to continue to impact our financial results, condition
and outlook in a way that may be material. 

COVID-19
has also delayed certain strategic transactions the Company intended to close during 2020, most notably its attempted sale of Flexo Universal
which was ultimately realized during October 2021 and the potential relocation of certain activities to the Laredo, Texas area, which
is no longer a consideration of the Company. 

Our
business and results of operations have been and may continue to be negatively impacted by supply chain disruptions and inflationary
pressure. 

Beginning
in 2021 we saw material shortages, supply chain interruption, and reduced ability to transport goods throughout the United States and
on a global scale. These pressures forced us to take steps to ensure the availability of products, including buying materials at higher
prices and more aggressively managing lead times. Despite these efforts, our ability to fulfill customer demands was challenged. We also
were forced to pass cost increases on to customers in the form of price increases, which threatened our ability to maintain sales volume.
While we believe we were largely successful in passing along these increased costs, such pressures may negatively impact our financial
results and book of business going forward. 

The
price and availability of helium may negatively impact our largest product line. 

Beginning
in February 2022 we saw a dramatic increase in the price of helium. We understand Russia to be a net exporter of helium prior to February
2022, and one of the largest manufacturing facilities in the United States was damaged by fire. Our largest product line consists of
balloons that are filled with helium by customers. When the cost of helium increases, our customers become more likely to temporarily
not carry helium, or to increase prices to customers that may have a negative impact on ultimate demand. From May 2022 through the end
of 2022, we believe our revenue was negatively impacted by several million dollars due to the price of helium. The price of helium gradually
reduced during 2022 and into 2023. Based on projections that we see, we believe the price of helium may continue to reduce during the
first half of 2023 to a more typical range. The longer the price of helium exceeds a normal range, the more negatively our business will
be impacted. 

The
efficient trading of our common stock on an appropriate platform. 

Twice
during 2022 we were informed by Nasdaq that the bid price of our common stock had been below 1 for an extended period of time and that
we risked being delisted if that problem was not satisfactorily resolved. As of January 19, 2023, we received confirmation from the Nasdaq
that we had regained compliance with the minimum bid requirement for continued listing. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Item
No. 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 

As
of the filing of this Annual report on Form 10-K, we had no unresolved comments from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item
No. 2 Properties 

We
executed a sale and leaseback transaction during 2021 on our principal plant and offices located in Lake Barrington, Illinois, approximately
45 miles northwest of Chicago, Illinois. The facility includes approximately 68,000 square feet of office, manufacturing and warehouse
space. The lease is for ten years, and annual rent increases from 500,000 the first year to 652,000 during the final year. 

During
2021 we entered into a sublease agreement, which was extended during 2022, now expiring on December 31, 2025 to rent approximately 69,000
square feet of warehouse and assembly space in Elgin, Illinois. The annual lease cost for this facility will rise to 445,000 during
the final year of the lease. 

We
believe that our properties have been adequately maintained, are in generally good condition and are suitable for our business as presently
conducted. We believe our existing facilities provide sufficient production capacity for our present needs and for our presently anticipated
needs in the foreseeable future. We also believe that, with respect to leased properties, upon the expiration of our current leases,
we will be able to either secure renewal terms or to enter into leases for alternative locations at market terms. 

Item
No. 3 Legal Proceedings 

The
Company may be party to certain lawsuits or claims arising in the normal course of business. The ultimate outcome of these matters is
unknown but, in the opinion of management, we do not believe any of these proceedings will have, individually or in the aggregate, a
material adverse effect upon our financial condition, cash flows or future results of operation. 

Item
No. 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
No. 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

The
Company s common stock was admitted to trading on the NASDAQ SmallCap Market (now the NASDAQ Capital Market) under the symbol CTIB 
on November 5, 1997. 

As
of December 31, 2022 there were approximately 400 holders of record of the Company s Common Stock. The Company s total number
of beneficial owners of common stock of the Company was approximately 30. 

The
Company did not pay any cash dividends on its Common Stock during 2022 or 2021 and has no plans to pay dividends in the foreseeable future.
Under the terms of the Company s current loan agreements, the amount of dividends the Company may pay is limited by the terms of
the financial covenants. During 2022 the Company received three deficiency notices from NASDAQ one for the failure to hold an
annual meeting of shareholders during 2021, and the other two for failure to maintain the required 1 bid price during a 30 day period
in 2022. The Company held an annual meeting on June 17, 2022, which resolved the first deficiency. The Company s common stock achieved
the required bid price during 2022, resolving the first bid price deficiency, but subsequently fell below the required bid price and
remained there for six months. NASDAQ provided the Company a notice of delisting in November 2022, which the Company appealed. A hearing
was held on January 5, 2023 on this matter. Subsequently, on January 19, 2023, NASDAQ confirmed that the Company had regained compliance
with the continued listing standard related to minimum bid price. 

On
March 14, 2023, our common stock closed at 1.97 per share. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

There
were no stock option incentive plans outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Effective January 2022, the Company issued an inducement grant
to its newly hired Chief Executive Officer for 250,000 shares of restricted stock. 25,000 of those shares vested during January 2022,
while the remaining shares were subject to achievement of certain performance conditions. 56,250 of these remaining shares vested during
2022 when the Company refinanced the terms of its credit facility. The Company also provided a grant of shares of restricted stock to
its Chief Operating Officer, with 20,000 shares vesting over 12 months and the remaining 80,000 shares vesting based on performance criteria
being met. Of these remaining shares, 20,000 subsequently vested when the Company refinanced the terms of its credit facility. 

Item
No. 6 Selected Financial Data 

We
are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not required to
provide the information required under this item. 

Item
No. 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

The
Company produces film products for novelty, packaging container and custom film product applications. These products include foil balloons,
latex balloons (sourced from an external party) and related products, films for packaging applications, and custom film products. We
produce all of our film products for packaging and container applications at our facilities in Lake Barrington, Illinois. Substantially
all of our film products for packaging applications and flexible containers for packaging and storage are sold to customers in the United
States. We market and sell our novelty items principally foil balloons and latex balloons in the United States and a
number of additional countries. In addition, the Company assembles and sells Candy Blossoms (containers of arranged candy items) in the
United States. 

As
determined by the Board of Directors beginning in 2019, we have been exiting our foreign operations in order to focus on our North American
operations, particularly on foil balloons and related products. The sales entity in the UK was liquidated in 2019. The sales and distribution
entity in Germany was fully closed during 2021. As noted herein, we sold Flexo Universal, our Mexican manufacturing subsidiary, during
October 2021. Additionally, we stopped selling our vacuum sealing products as of March 30, 2020, after allowing the related license agreement
to expire. More discussion is available in discontinued operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (see Note 19). 

We
have also changed our capital structure, beginning January 2020. This includes: 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

On
January 3, 2020, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement (as amended on February 24, 2020 and April 13, 2020 (the LF
Purchase Agreement )), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, and LF International Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private
limited company LF International ), which is controlled by Company Chairman, Mr. Yubao Li, agreed to purchase, up to 500,000
shares of the Company s newly created shares of Series A Preferred Stock Series A Preferred ), with each share of
Series A Preferred initially convertible into ten shares of the Company s common stock, at a purchase price of 10.00 per share,
for aggregate gross proceeds of 5,000,000 (the LF International Offering ). As permitted by the Purchase Agreement, the
Company may, in its discretion issue up to an additional 200,000 shares of Series A Preferred for a purchase price of 10.00 per share
(the Additional Shares Offering, and collectively with the LF International Offering, the Offering ). Approximately
 1 million of Series A Preferred has been sold as of June 30, 2021, including to an investor which converted an account receivable of
 478,000 owed to the investor by the Company in exchange for 48,200 shares of Series A Preferred. The Company completed several closings
with LF International from January 2020 through June 2020. The majority of the funds received reduced our bank debt. We issued a total
of 400,000 shares of common stock to LF International and, pursuant to the LF Purchase Agreement, changed our name from CTI Industries
Corporation to Yunhong CTI Ltd. LF International had the right to name three directors to serve on our Board. They were Mr. Yubao Li,
Ms. Wan Zhang and Ms. Yaping Zhang, the latter two of whom retired from our Board of Directors during January 2022. In the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2022, the Company accrued 67,000 and 267,000 of these dividends in each period, respectively. On September
1, 2022, the investor converted Preferred Series A into 5 million shares of common stock and approximately 1.3 million shares of common
stock representing accrued dividends. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

In
November 2020, we issued 170,000 shares of Series B Preferred for an aggregate purchase price of 1,500,000. The Series B Preferred have
an initial stated value of 10.00 per share and liquidation preference over common stock. The Series B Preferred is convertible into
shares of our common stock equal to the number of shares determined by dividing the sum of the stated value and any accrued and unpaid
dividends by the conversion price of 1.00. The Series B Preferred accrues dividends at a rate of 8 percent per annum, payable at our
election either in cash or shares of the Company s common stock. Initially, the Series B Preferred, in whole or part, was redeemable
at the option of the holder (but not mandatorily redeemable) at any time on or after November 30, 2021 for the stated value, plus any
accrued and unpaid dividends and thus was classified as mezzanine equity and initially recognized at fair value of 1.5 million (the
proceeds on the date of issuance). In March 2021, the terms of the Series B Preferred were modified to eliminate the ability of the holder
to redeem the Series B Preferred. The carrying value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 1,851,000 and 1,715,000, respectively.
The December 31, 2022 balance consists of 1,500,000 original carrying value, 304,000 accrued dividends and 47,000 accretion. During
February 2023, the investor converted Series B into approximately 1.9 million shares of common stock. 

Series
C Preferred Stock 

In
January 2021 we entered into an agreement with a related party, LF International Pte. Ltd. which is controlled by Company director, Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Yubao Li, to purchase shares of Series C Preferred stock. We issued 170,000 shares of Series
C Preferred for an aggregate purchase price of 1,500,000. The Series C Preferred have an initial stated value of 10.00 per share and
liquidation preference over common stock. The Series C Preferred is convertible into shares of our common stock equal to the number of
shares determined by dividing the sum of the stated value and any accrued and unpaid dividends by the conversion price of 1.00. The
carrying value as of September 1, 2022 and December 31, 2021 amounted to 1,698,000 and 1,630,000, respectively. On September 1, 2022,
the investor converted Series C into 1.7 million shares of common stock and accrued dividends in the amount of approximately 0.3 million
shares of common stock. 

Series
D Preferred Stock 

In
June 2021, the Company received 1.5 million from an unrelated third party as an advance on a proposed sale of Series D Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock, which was ultimately completed. The Series D Preferred have an initial stated value of 10.00 per share and liquidation
preference over common stock. The Series D Preferred is convertible into shares of our common stock equal to the number of shares determined
by dividing the sum of the stated value and any accrued and unpaid dividends by the conversion price of 1.00. We issued 170,000 shares
of Series D Preferred for an aggregate price of 1.5 million. Additionally, 128,000 warrants were issued pursuant to this transaction
which are convertible into our common stock at the lesser of 1.75 per share or 85 of the volume weighted average price of the shares
over the ten trading days prior to conversion. The carrying value as of September 1, 2022 and December 31, 2021 amounted to 1,580,000
and 1,512,000, respectively. On September 1, 2022, the investor converted Preferred Series D into 1.7 million shares of common stock
and received accrued dividends of approximately 0.1 million shares of common stock. 

Preferred Stock Rollforward 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Accrued Deemed Dividends 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Series B 
 1,715,000 
 136,000 
 1,851,000 

Warrants 

A
summary of the Company s stock warrant activity is as follows: 

Shares under Option 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 128,000 
 1.75 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled/Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised/Issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 128,000 
 1.75 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 128,000 
 1.75 

As
of December 31, 2022 the Company reserved the following shares of its common stock for the exercise of warrants, and preferred stock: 

Series B Preferred Stock 
 1,700,000 
 
 2021 Warrants 
 128,572 
 
 Shares reserved as of December 31, 2022 
 1,828,572 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Effective
January 2022, and in accordance with the Employment Agreement of Chief Executive Officer Frank Cesario, a grant of restricted stock was
made in the amount of 250,000 shares. 25,000 shares vested immediately, while the remaining 225,000 are subject to performance conditions
as further detailed in the share grant. Specifically, the restrictions on the remaining 225,000 shares will lapse based on satisfaction
of the following performance goals and objectives and continued employment through the date of meeting such targets: 

The restrictions on 56,250 shares of the award will lapse and the award will vest when the Company s trailing-twelve-month EBITDA
equals or exceeds 1 million at any time on or after January 1, 2022. 

The restrictions on 56,250 shares of the award will lapse and the award will vest in the event the Company s common shares trade
at or above 5/share for ten or more consecutive trading days. 

The restrictions on 56,250 shares of the award will lapse and the award will vest when the Company s operating cash flow, calculated
cumulatively from the date of employment, equals or exceeds 1.5 million. On February 16, 2023, the Compensation Committee determined
this condition had been satisfied. 

The restrictions on 56,250 shares of the award will lapse and the award will vest in the event the Company is able to refinance its current
lender with a traditional lender on terms and conditions customary for such financing. On August 23, 2022, the Compensation Committee
determined this condition had been satisfied with an amended agreement with the Company s lender. 

During
2022, the Compensation Committee awarded the Company s Chief Operating Officer a grant of 100,000 shares of restricted stock. 20,000
of those shares vest over a 12 month period while the remaining shares vest 20,000 each based on the performance conditions above. 

The
Compensation Committee (as defined in the Plan) shall be responsible for determining when the conditions above have been satisfied. The
Company records compensation expense with each vesting, and records a likelihood of vesting weighted analysis to the extent it has visibility
to do so. Without such visibility, it considers such probability as de minimis until additional information is available. 

Our
revenues from continuing operations from each of our product categories in each of the past two years have been as follows: 

Twelve Months Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

of 
 
 of 
 
 Product Category 
 (000) Omitted 
 Net Sales 
 (000) Omitted 
 Net Sales 

Foil Balloons 
 10,858 
 60 
 18,235 
 76 

Film Products 
 2,036 
 11 
 2,386 
 10 

Other 
 5,154 
 29 
 3,464 
 14 

Total 
 18,048 
 100 
 24,086 
 100 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Our
primary expenses include the cost of products sold and selling, general and administrative expenses. 

Cost
of products sold primarily consists of expenses related to raw materials, labor, quality control and overhead expenses such as supervisory
labor, depreciation, utilities expense and facilities expense directly associated with production of our products, warehousing and fulfillment
expenses and shipping costs relating to the shipment of products to customers. Cost of products sold is impacted by the cost of the raw
materials used in our products, the cost of shipping, along with our efficiency in managing the production of our products. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses include the compensation and benefits paid to our employees, all other selling expenses, marketing,
promotional expenses, travel and other corporate administrative expenses. These other corporate administrative expenses include professional
fees, depreciation of equipment and facilities utilized in administration, occupancy costs, communication costs and other similar operating
expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses can be affected by a number of factors, including staffing levels and the cost
of providing competitive salaries and benefits, the cost of regulatory compliance and other administrative costs. 

Purchases
by a limited number of customers represent a significant portion of our total revenues. During 2022 and 2021, respectively, sales to
our top 10 customers represented 90 and 85 , respectively, of net revenues for each year. During 2022 and 2021, there were two customers
to whom our sales represented more than 10 of net revenues. 

Our
principal customer sales for 2022 and 2021 were: 

Customer 
 Product 
 2022 Sales 
 of 2022 Revenues 
 2021 Sales 
 of 2021 Revenues 
 
 Wal-Mart 
 Balloons; Candy Blossoms 
 6,497,000 
 35 
 4,537,000 
 19 
 
 Dollar Tree Stores 
 Balloons 
 6,729,000 
 36 
 13,813,000 
 57 

The
loss of one or both of these principal customers, or a significant reduction in purchases by one or both of them, could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

We
generally do not have agreements with our customers under which customers are obligated to purchase any specific or minimum amount of
product from us. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Net
Sales 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, consolidated net sales from continuing operations of the sale of all products were 18,048,000
compared to consolidated net sales of 24,086,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 25 as more fully described below. 

Sales
of foil balloons were 10,858,000 in 2022 and 18,235,000 in 2021, a decrease of 40 . Our largest customer for foil balloons was Dollar
Tree Stores. The remaining sales were made to hundreds of customers including distributors and retail stores. The first half of 2022
saw a significant increase in the price of helium which gradually reduced as the year progressed and into 2023. As most of our foil balloons
are ultimately filled with helium, this was the primary reason for the decline in sales related to the prior year. 

Sales
of film products were 2,036,000 in 2022 and 2,386,000 in 2021, a decrease of 15 . Our second largest customer entered 2022 with excess
inventory and only started placing orders for new material during the second half of the year. Our largest customer purchased more material
than usual during the first nine months of the year, ending with sufficient material not to need new material during the last three months
of 2022. 

Sales
of other products increased to 5,154,000 in 2022 from 3,464,000 in 2021, an increase of 49 . This category includes sales of Candy
Blossoms, which featured larger holiday orders than the prior year as well as the launch of an everyday offering. 

Cost
of Sales 

Cost
of sales decreased to 14,910,000 in 2022 from 20,321,000 in 2021, a decrease of 27 . The decrease in cost of sales was primarily attributable
to the decrease in sales. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses increased to 3,720,000 in 2022 from 3,815,000 in 2021, a decrease of 2 . 

Selling
and Marketing 

Selling
expenses from continuing operations increased to 136,000 in 2022 from 132,000 in 2021. Marketing and advertising expense increased
to 402,000 in 2022, from 323,000 in 2021, an increase of 21 . 

Other
Income or Expense 

During
2022, we incurred net interest expense of 450,000 compared to net interest expense of 564,000 during 2021. The decrease in interest
expense was primarily attributable to the lower average outstanding balance of debt in 2022 as compared to 2021. 

During
2021 we engaged in a Sale and Leaseback transaction of our principal headquarters in Lake Barrington, IL. This transaction resulted in
a gain of 3.4 million. We also recorded an expense related to the disposition of our Flexo Universal subsidiary. We recorded an approximately
 10 million expense in Other Expense and a 6 million gain in Other Comprehensive Income related to this transaction, all non-cash items. 

Deemed
Dividends on Preferred Stock and Amortization of Beneficial Conversion Feature 

In
2020 the Company issued Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock. In connection with these preferred stock issuances, and
the related beneficial conversion features, the Company had deemed dividends of 4.4 million in 2020. During 2021, the Company issued
Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock. In connection with all of these preferred stock issuances, and the related beneficial
conversation features, the Company had deemed dividends of 0.6 million during 2022 and 3.6 million during 2021. Although these deemed
dividends do not impact Net loss attributable to Yunhong CTI, Ltd., they do impact Net loss attributable to Yunhong CTI Ltd. Common Shareholders
and EPS. As Series A, C and D preferred stock all converted during 2022, only Series B preferred stock dividends remained on an ongoing
basis. Series B converted into common during 2023, ending the related dividend accrual. 

Financial
Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash
(Used In) Provided By Operating Activities 

During
2022, cash generated by operating activities amounted to 2,368,000, compared to cash used by operating activities during 2021 of 3,710,000).
Significant changes in working capital items affecting cash flow used in operating activities were: 

Depreciation
 and amortization of 383,000 compared to depreciation and amortization for 2021 of 462,000; 

An
 increase in inventories of 449,000 compared to an increase in inventories of 604,000 in 2021; 

An
 decrease in accounts receivable of 1,825,000) compared to an increase in accounts receivable of 1,673,000 in 2021; 

A
 decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets of 836,000) compared to a decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets of 132,000)
 in 2021; and 

A
 decrease in trade payables of 819,000) compared to a decrease in trade payables of 1,173,000) in 2021. 

Cash
Provided By (Used In) Investing Activities 

During
fiscal 2022, cash used in investing activities amounted to 163,000) compared to cash provided by investing activities during fiscal
2021 of 3,378,000. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Cash
Provided By (Used In) Financing Activities 

During
fiscal 2022, cash used by financing activities amounted to 2,125,000), compared to cash provided by financing activities of 626,000
during fiscal 2021 

In
October 2020, we received an advance of 1,500,000 from an investor. In January 2021, we finalized the transaction with the investor
and issued 170,000 shares of newly authorized Series C Preferred Stock. 

In
June 2021, the Company received 1.5 million from an investor as an advance on a proposed sale of Series D Redeemable Convertible Preferred
Stock, which has since occurred. We issued 170,000 shares of newly authorized Series D Preferred Stock and 128,000 warrants to purchase
our common stock. 

Going
Concern, Liquidity and Financial Condition 

The
Company s financial statements are prepared using account principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The Company has a cumulative net loss from inception to December 31, 2022 of approximately 24 million. The accompanying financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company s cash
resources may be insufficient to meet its anticipated needs during the next twelve months. The Company may require additional financing
to fund it future planned operations. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company s execution
of its business plans and the ability to raise any needed additional capital at acceptable terms to the Company. While Management plans
to mitigate this issue with improved performance now that it has disposed of subsidiaries and their related losses, there can be no guarantee
this will be successful. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company
is unable to continue as a going concern. 

During
December 2017, we entered in new financing agreements with PNC Bank, National Association PNC ). The financing agreements
with PNC (the PNC Agreements included a 6 million term loan and an 18 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving
Credit Facility ), with a credit facility termination date of December 2022. Available credit under the Revolving Credit facility
was determined by eligible receivables and inventory at CTI Industries (U.S.) and Flexo Universal (Mexico). 

We
notified PNC of our failure to meet certain financial covenants and conditions during multiple occasions between 2018 and 2021, resulting
in amendments to the loan documents, and in some cases forbearance agreements, along with related fees, penalties and other conditions. 

On
September 30, 2021 (the Closing Date ), the Company entered into a loan and security agreement (the Agreement with Line Financial (the Lender ), which provides for a senior secured financing consisting of a revolving credit facility
(the Revolving Credit Facility) in an aggregate principal amount of up to 6 million (the Maximum Revolver Amount and term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount of 731,250 Term Loan Amount 
and, together with the Revolving Credit Facility, the Senior Facilities ). Proceeds of loans borrowed under the Senior Facilities
were used to repay all amounts outstanding under the Company s PNC Agreements and for the Company s working capital. The
Senior Facilities are secured by substantially all assets of the Company. The Company has been in compliance with the terms of these
Senior Facilities since inception in September 2021. 

Interest
on the Senior Facilities shall be the prime rate published from time to time published in the Wall Street Journal (7.5 as of December
16, 2022), plus 1.95 per annum, accruing daily and payable monthly. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for
the actual number of days elapsed. The Term Loan Facility shall be repaid by the Company to Lender in 48 equal monthly installments of
principal and interest, each in the amount of 15,234, commencing on November 1, 2021, and continuing on the first day of each month
thereafter until the Term Loan Maturity Date (as defined in the Agreement). Also, the Company was to pay the Lender collateral monitoring
fees of 4.62 of the eligible accounts receivable, inventory, and equipment supporting the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan.
During August 2022 the terms above were modified to reduce the collateral monitoring fee to 2.77 , and added a provision that barred
the Company from repaying the facility prior to September 2023. In addition, the Company paid the Lender a loan fee of 1.25 of the Maximum
Revolver Amount and the Term Loan Amount upon the execution of the Agreement. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

The
Senior Facilities mature on September 30, 2023 and shall automatically be extended for successive periods of one year each, unless the
Company or the Lender gives the other party written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such term or renewal
term, as applicable. If the Senior Facilities are renewed, the Company shall pay the Lender a renewal fee of 1.25 of the Maximum Revolver
Amount and the Term Loan Amount upon each renewal on the anniversary of the Closing Date. The Company has the option to prepay the Term
Loan Facility (together with all accrued but unpaid interest and a Term Loan Prepayment Fee (as defined the Agreement) in whole, but
not in part, upon not less than 60 days prior written notice to the Lender. 

The
Senior Facilities require that the Company shall, commencing December 31, 2021, maintain Tangible Net Worth of at least 4,000,000 or
greater Minimum Tangible Net Worth ). Minimum Tangible Net Worth may be adjusted downward by the Lender, from time to time,
in its sole and absolute discretion, based on the effect of non-cash charges and other factors on the calculation of Tangible Net Worth.
Other debt subordinated to Lender is not considered as a reduction of this calculation. 

The
Senior Facilities contain certain affirmative and negative covenants that limit the ability of the Company, among other things and subject
to certain significant exceptions, to incur debt or liens, make investments, enter into certain mergers, consolidations, and acquisitions,
pay dividends and make other restricted payments, or make capital expenditures exceeding 1,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year. 

As
of January 1, 2019, the Company had a note payable to John H. Schwan, former Director and former Chairman of the Board, for 1.6 million,
including accrued interest. This loan accrues interest, is due on demand, and is subordinate to the Senior Facilities. During January
2019, Mr. Schwan converted 600,000 of the note into approximately 181,000 shares of our common stock at the then market rate of 3.32
per share. As a result of the conversion, the loan balance decreased to 1.0 million. The loan and interest payable to Mr. Schwan amounted
to 1.3 million and 1.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. No payments were made to Mr. Schwan during
2022 or 2021. Interest expense related to this loan amounted to approximately 74,000 and 70,000 for the twelve months ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company had a note payable to Alex Feng for 166,667. This loan accrues interest at 3 and is subordinate to
the Senior Facilities. The subordination agreement signed September 30, 2021 changed the term of the maturity date from November 2023
to March 2024 and payment date starting April 2022. 

In
October 2020, the Company received 1.5 million from an unrelated third party as an advance on a proposed sale of Series C Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2020, the Company was in the process of negotiating and finalizing the terms of the arrangement,
which has since occurred. As the agreement was not finalized as of December 31, 2020, the 1.5 million advance was classified as Advance
from Investor within liabilities on the accompanying balance sheet and subsequently reclassified as stockholders equity. During 2021,
 1.5 million was received for a series D Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and 128,000 warrants to purchase our common stock. 

Through
September 30, 2022, the Company has received approximately 160,000 in Employee Retention Tax Credits ERTC from the United
States Government related to claims that were filed during 2021. 123,000 is listed as General and Administrative, while the remainder
is in Other Income. During October 2022 the Company executed a financing transaction wherein the remaining open claims for 1.2 million
in ERTC was sold to a third party for 0.9 million. Once the 1.2 million is ultimately paid, those funds will be immediately transferred
to the third party . To the extent any of the 1.2 million in ERTC claims are determined by the United States Government not to be payable,
a prorated portion of the 0.9 million must be returned to that investor. The 0.9 million is listed as a deferred income current liability
as of December 31, 2022, which will be recognized upon acceptance and processing of the amended returns by the United States Government.
During January 2023, approximately 0.8 million of claims had been processed and refunds issued, which was forwarded to the third party
above. As a result, approximately 0.6 million of the deferred income liability was recognized during January 2023. 

Seasonality 

In
the foil balloon product line, sales have historically been seasonal. Approximately half of these sales are considered everyday 
in nature while the other half tend to be event driven (certain holidays, graduation season, and other events). The COVID-19 pandemic
changed the shape of graduation season for 2020, resulting in a lower demand for balloons during the second quarter 2020, but then a
surge of demand related to at-home parties and events. This increase in demand continued in 2021. As 2022 returned to a more standardized
calendar of events relative to COVID-19, the sales activities returned to a more traditional shape (excluding the impact of helium pricing). 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
financial statements of the Company are based on the selection and application of significant accounting policies which require management
to make various estimates and assumptions. The following are some of the more critical judgment areas in the application of our accounting
policies that currently affect our financial condition and results of operation. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Revenue
Recognition. Substantially all of the Company s revenues are derived from the sale of products. With respect to the sale of
products, revenue from a transaction is recognized once it has (i) identified the contract(s) with a customer, (ii) identified the performance
obligations in the contract, (iii) determined the transaction price, (iv) allocated the transaction price to the performance obligations
in the contract, and (v) recognized revenue as the company satisfies a performance obligation. The Company generally recognizes revenue
for the sale of products when the products have been shipped and invoiced. In some cases, product is provided on consignment to customers.
In those cases, revenue is recognized when the customer reports a sale of the product. 

The
Company adopted Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Our revenue arrangements
generally consist of a single performance obligation to transfer promised goods at a fixed price. 

Net
sales include revenues from sales of products and shipping and handling charges, net of estimates for product returns. Revenue is measured
at the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for the transferred products. Revenue is recognized at the
point in time when we transfer the promised products to the customer and the customer obtains control over the products. The Company
recognizes revenue for shipping and handling charges at the time the goods are shipped to the customer, and the costs of outbound freight
are included in cost of sales, as we have elected the practical expedient included in ASC 606. 

The
Company provides for product returns based on historical return rates. While we incur costs for sales commissions to our sales employees
and outside agents, we recognize commission costs concurrent with the related revenue, as the amortization period is less than one year
and we have elected the practical expedient included in ASC 606. We do not incur incremental costs to obtain contracts with our customers.
Our product warranties are assurance-type warranties, which promise the customer that the products are as specified in the contract.
Therefore, the product warranties are not a separate performance obligation and are accounted for as described herein. Sales taxes assessed
by governmental authorities are accounted for on a net basis and are excluded from net sales. 

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts. We estimate our allowance for doubtful accounts based on an analysis of specific accounts, an analysis of
historical trends, payment and write-off histories. Our credit risks are continually reviewed, and management believes that adequate
provisions have been made for doubtful accounts. However, unexpected changes in the financial condition of customers or changes in the
state of the economy could result in write-offs which exceed estimates and negatively impact our financial results. 

Inventory
Valuation. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using standard costs which approximate
costing determined on a first-in, first out basis. Standard costs are reviewed and adjusted at the time of introduction of a new product
or design, periodically and at year-end based on actual direct and indirect production costs. On a periodic basis, the Company reviews
its inventory levels for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable items, in reference to future demand requirements and shelf life of the
products. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had established a reserve for obsolescence, marketability or excess quantities with respect
to inventory in the aggregate amount of 155,000. As of December 31, 2021, the amount of the reserve was 290,000. In addition, on a
periodic basis, the Company disposes of inventory deemed to be obsolete or unsaleable and, at such time, charges reserve for the value
of such inventory. We record freight income as a component of net sales and record freight costs as a component of cost of goods sold. 

Valuation
of Long-Lived Assets. We evaluate whether events or circumstances have occurred which indicate that the carrying amounts of long-lived
assets (principally property and equipment and goodwill) may be impaired or not recoverable. Significant factors which may trigger an
impairment review include: changes in business strategy, market conditions, the manner of use of an asset, underperformance relative
to historical or expected future operating results, and negative industry or economic trends. We apply the provisions of generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP U.S. GAAP, under which goodwill is evaluated at least
annually for impairment. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

Foreign
Currency Translation. All balance sheet accounts are translated using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Statements
of operations amounts are translated using the average exchange rates for the year-to-date periods. The gains and losses resulting from
the changes in exchange rates during the period have been reported in other comprehensive income or loss, except that, on November 30,
2012, the Company determined that it does have an expectation of receiving payment with respect to indebtedness of Flexo Universal to
the Company, and accordingly, as of and after that date foreign currency gains and losses with respect to such indebtedness has been
reported in the statement of operations. This issue became moot with the sale of Flexo Universal during October 2021, which followed
the elimination of other foreign subsidiaries (UK and Germany). 

Stock-Based
Compensation. We follow U.S. GAAP which requires all stock-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options,
to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements based on their grant-date fair values. 

We
use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options which requires us to estimate certain key assumptions.
In accordance with the application of U.S. GAAP, we incurred no employee stock-based compensation cost for the year ended December 31,
2022. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 3,000 unrecognized compensation cost relating to stock options, as well as performance
based awards for which the ultimate vesting is unknown. 

Income
Taxes and Deferred Tax Assets. Income taxes are accounted for as prescribed in U.S. GAAP. Under the asset and liability method of
U.S. GAAP, the Company recognizes the amount of income taxes currently payable. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for
the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities,
and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years these temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 

We
evaluate all available positive and negative evidence in each tax jurisdiction regarding the recoverability of any asset recorded in
our Consolidated Balance Sheets and provide valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to an amount we believe is more likely
than not to be realized. We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability considering historical profitability, our ability
to project future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies.
If we continue to operate at a loss in certain jurisdictions or are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income within the defined
lives of such assets, we could be required to increase our valuation allowance against all or a significant portion of our deferred tax
assets. This increase in valuation allowance could result in substantial increases in our effective tax rate and could have a material
adverse impact on our operating results. Conversely, if and when our operations in some jurisdictions become sufficiently profitable
before what we have estimated in our current forecasts, we would be required to reduce all or a portion of our current valuation allowance
and such reversal would result in an increase in our earnings in such period. 

Prior
to September 30, 2021, we had been out of compliance with the terms of our credit facility and operating under a forbearance agreement,
and had related going concern disclosure. We therefore established a valuation allowance reserve for substantially all of our deferred
tax assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of the net deferred tax asset was none, as we continued to record a valuation
allowance against the gross value of the deferred tax asset. Each quarter and year-end, management makes a judgment to determine the
extent to which the deferred tax asset will be recovered from future taxable income. This value was reduced, in large part, due to changes
in US tax law effective 2018 which will impact the value of future deductions. 

Fair
Value Measurements . U.S. GAAP defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, establishes a fair value hierarchy
based on the quality of inputs used to measure fair value and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. U.S. GAAP
clarifies that fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants. U.S. GAAP also requires that a fair value measurement reflect the assumptions
market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based upon the best information available. In February 2008, the FASB
issued guidance now codified in U.S. GAAP which provides for delayed application of certain guidance related to non-financial assets
and non-financial liabilities, except for items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring
basis (at least annually). 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Item
No. 7A Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

Item
No. 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Reference
is made to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part IV hereof. 

Item
No. 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
No. 9A Controls and Procedures 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed
or submitted under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified by the Commission s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act are properly recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods required by the Commission s rules and forms. 

We
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
(principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of these disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), as of December 31, 2022. Based on
this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer)
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, due to the material weaknesses described below. 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 

Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making our assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

20 

 Table of Contents 

A
material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the registrant s annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of our evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting,
management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting: 

We
 lacked a sufficient number of accounting professionals with the necessary knowledge, experience and training to adequately account
 for significant, unusual transactions that resulted in misapplications of GAAP, particularly with regard to the timing of recognition
 of certain non-cash charges, and 

We
 are overly dependent upon our Acting Chief Financial Officer, who at present is our Chief Executive Officer, within an environment
 that is highly manual in nature 

Management
concluded that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement could occur in the consolidated financial statements if
the control deficiencies were not remediated. Accordingly, management concluded that the matters described above are material weaknesses
in the Company s internal control over financial reporting and that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan
for Remediation of Material Weakness 

Management
has enhanced its available resource base and adjusted its processes with respect to the areas listed above. Additional procedures are
in the process of being established and will be evaluated for effectiveness in the future. Two individuals were engaged to perform the
duties of controller during 2022, but neither remains with the Company as of December 31, 2022. Further, the Company views the combination
of Acting Chief Financial Officer duties with the Chief Executive Officer as temporary in nature. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by its registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which permits the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

(c)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act,
during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item
No. 9B Other Information 

None 

PART
III 

Item
No. 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance of the Registrant 

The
members of our Board of Directors (the Board ), and our executive officers, together with their respective ages and certain
biographical information are set forth below. Directors hold office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders and until their
successors have been duly elected and qualified. Our executive officers are elected by and serve at the designation and appointment of
the Board. 

The
following is a brief account of the business experience of each of our directors and executive officers during the past five years or
more. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Yubao
 Li 
 
 41 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 Frank
 J. Cesario 
 
 53 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director; Acting Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Jana
 M. Schwan 
 
 46 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Douglas
 Bosley 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Gerald
 (J.D.) Roberts, Jr. 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 Philip
 Wong 
 
 44 
 
 Director 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Yubao
Li, Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Li has served as a Director of the Company since January 13, 2020 and was elected as
Chairman of the Board on June 1, 2020. Mr. Li served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer from September 2020 until January
2022. Mr. Li has been serving as the Chairman of Yunhong International since its inception in January 2019 and served as its Chief Executive
Officer from January 2019 to September 2019. Mr. Li has been serving as the president of Hubei Academy of Science and Technology Service
Station since July 2018. Since June 2018, Mr. Li has been serving
as the Director of Photoproteins Research Centre at China s Academy of Management Science, a research institute situated in Beijing
where he supports innovation by defining the research focus of the group. Mr. Li also serves as a director and/or officer of several
other entities, including as the Executive Director and General Manager of Hubei Teruiga Energy Co., Ltd, a new energy technology company,
since November 2017, the Executive Director of Hubei Yuntong Energy Co., Ltd., a solar power and agriculture company, since April 2016,
the Executive Director and General Manager of Hubei Yun Hong photovoltaic Co., Ltd., a solar power and agriculture company, since May
2016, the President of Hubei Yunhong Deren Tourism Co., Ltd., a tourism project developer, since May 2016 and the President of Yunhong
Group Holdings Co., Ltd., a company engaged in the business of solar power construction and solar photovoltaic power generation, since
2013. In addition, in 2013, Mr. Li founded China Hubei Yunhong Energy Group Co., Ltd., a Chinese nutrition company operating in China
and abroad, and he currently serves as the Chairman of its board of directors. 

Frank
Cesario, Chief Executive Officer and Director; Acting Chief Financial Officer . Mr. Cesario first joined the Company in November 2017
as Chief Financial Officer. In December 2019 he was named President and Chief Executive Officer, and Director. He resigned as Chief Financial
officer in June 2020 and President and Chief Executive Officer, and Director, in September 2020. During March 2021 he rejoined the Board
as a Director. During January 2022 he was hired by the Company as Chief Executive Officer and Director. Upon the resignation of then
Chief Financial Officer Jennifer Connerty during January 2022, Mr. Cesario also became the Acting Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Cesario
brings 20 years of CFO experience at manufacturing entities. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Cesario served in similar roles with Nanophase
Technologies Corporation and ISCO International, Inc., then publicly traded global suppliers of advanced materials and telecommunications
equipment, respectively, as well as Turf Ventures LLC, a privately held chemicals distributor. From September 2020 until January 2022,
Mr. Cesario served as Chief Financial Officer of Radiac Abrasives, Inc., a privately held manufacturer. He began his career with KPMG
Peat Marwick and then served in progressively responsible finance positions within Material Sciences Corporation and Outokumpu Copper,
Inc. Mr. Cesario holds an MBA (Finance) from DePaul University and a B.S. (Accountancy) from the University of Illinois, and is a registered
CPA in the State of Illinois. 

Douglas
Bosley, Director. Mr. Bosley has served as a director of the Company since January 2022 and is a founding partner of Witan Law Group
and a member of the firm s Corporate Transactional and Securities practice. Mr. Bosley represents businesses and entrepreneurs
at all stages of growth from inception to exit. Mr. Bosley s practice focuses on three general areas of financing transactions,
mergers and acquisitions and general corporate matters. Mr. Bosley s financing experience includes representing venture capital
firms and venture-backed companies, mezzanine debt transactions, and a wide range of other types of financing and securities transactions,
as well as general corporate matters including formation and start-ups; equity compensation; contracts such as licensing, joint ventures,
representative agreements, and development and service level agreements; and corporate governance matters. Before founding Witan Law,
Mr. Bosley was a partner at Bosley Till Neue Talerico (BTNT), a law firm, where he headed the transactional and securities practices.
Prior to BTNT, Mr. Bosley operated Bosley Business Law, which he founded after more than a decade of sophisticated corporate and securities
transactional experience at some of the world s largest and most reputable corporate law firms. Mr. Bosley also served as general
counsel of a Sacramento-based venture capital and professional services firm. He is a frequent speaker on legal issues related to start-ups,
mergers and acquisitions and venture capital transactions. Mr. Bosley is a graduate of the Duke University School of Law, graduating
with high honors and earning Order of the Coif. He received his B.A. in Economics from California State University (Sacramento). 

Gerald
(J.D.) Roberts, Jr., Director . Mr. Roberts is Vice President of Strategy and Business Development at a Fortune 50 Corporation, having
served in that capacity since 2018, and has served as a director of the Company since January 2022. In the previous 20 years, he held
several senior roles at Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. and GenCorp/Aerojet. His career began in the aerospace and electronics industries
in the United States and Australia, where he worked with companies including E-Systems, McDonnell Douglas, Northrop-Grumman, Gulfstream,
Learjet and Hawker de Havilland. Mr. Roberts combined his credentials in engineering, finance and operations and his significant experience
in strategic planning, organizational restructuring, and mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures to build value in international business
opportunities. Mr. Roberts holds a Six Sigma greenbelt certification and has completed post-graduate coursework in Mergers and Acquisitions,
leadership, strategic alliances, negotiation, innovation, and financial analysis. He received his MBA (Finance) from the University of
California, Davis, and his B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Virginia Tech. 

Philip
Wong, Director . Mr Wong has served as a director of the Company since January 2022 and is CEO of Shark AI Capital Corporation, an
innovative business lending firm which he co-founded in 2020. Previously, he served as Chief Investment Officer of American Credit, Inc.,
as a Commercial Loan Officer at Applepie Capital, Inc., as Vice President / Senior Relationship Manager at Bank of the West / BNP Paribas,
and as First Vice President / Senior Relationship Manager at Preferred Bank, among other roles in banking in business credit. Mr. Wong
and has completed certifications in agile software development, software products management, healthcare analytics, and product management
and marketing. He received his B.A. in Asian Studies from San Francisco State University. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Executive
Officers Other Than Nominees 

Jana
Schwan . Ms. Schwan has been employed by the Company in progressively more responsible roles in operational, purchasing, and product
development capacities since September 2002, and currently leads its Sales, Marketing and Business Development activities in addition
to all Operations of the Company. Ms. Schwan was named Vice President of Operations in 2017 and Chief Operating Officer in 2020. 

Jana
Schwan is the daughter of John Schwan, who prior to his retirement from the Company served in several capacities, including as Chairman
of the Board of Directors. 

Except
as disclosed in this Item 10 or Item 13 (Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence), there are no arrangements
or understandings with major stockholders, customers, suppliers or others pursuant to which any of our directors or members of senior
management were selected as such. In addition, there are no family relationships among our executive officers and directors. 

Our
future success depends, in significant part, on the continued service of certain key execute officers, managers, and others in various
aspects of our business. We may not be able to find an appropriate replacement for any of our key personnel. Any loss or interruption
of our key personnel s service to the Company could adversely affect our ability to implement our business plan. 

Corporate
Governance 

The
business and affairs of the Company are managed under the direction of the Board of Directors in accordance with the Illinois Business
Corporation Act and the Articles of Incorporation and By-laws of the Company, as amended. Members of the Board of Directors are kept
informed of the Company s business through discussions with the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer,
the President and other officers, by reviewing materials provided to them and by participating in meetings of the Board of Directors
and its committees. 

As
of January 2022, the Board of Directors had five members. The Board has determined that each of Douglas Bosley, Gerald (J.D.) Roberts,
Jr., and Philip Wong, presently directors of the Company, are independent based upon the application of the rules and standards of the
NASDAQ Stock Market. 

The
Board of Directors met 8 times during 2022. Each of the Directors was present for at least 75 of such meetings. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

Yubao
Li is Chairman of the Board of Directors, Frank Cesario is Chief Executive Officer and Jana Schwan is Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Cesario
and Ms. Schwan are responsible for senior management functions. Mr. Cesario reports into the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors
believes that this combination and allocation of roles provides the most efficient and effective leadership model for the Company, providing
perspective and direction with regard to business strategies and plans to both the Board and management. The Company has no bylaw or
policy in place that mandates that an officer serve as Chairman of the Board. The Board of Directors periodically evaluates its leadership
structure. 

Mr.
Wong has been designated as the lead independent director. Mr. Wong is responsible for (i) communicating regularly with the Chief Executive
Officer and other officers of the Company on behalf of the Board of Directors, and particularly the independent members of the Board
of Directors, and (ii) calling separate meetings of the independent directors of the Company. At any such meetings, only independent
directors are present and the independent directors are free to discuss any aspect of the Company s business and risk management
without the influence of interested directors or management. 

All
members of the Company s Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees have been determined to be independent based
on application of the rules and standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Board
Role in Risk Oversight 

The
Board of Directors plays an active role, as a whole and at the committee level, in overseeing management of the Company s risks.
The Board regularly reviews information regarding our credit, liquidity and operations, as well as the risks associated with each. The
Audit Committee oversees management of financial risks through regular meetings with the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm and the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer. The Company s Compensation
Committee evaluates and addresses risks relating to executive compensation, our incentive compensation plans and other compensatory arrangements.
The Nominating and Governance Committee manages risks associated with the independence of the Board of Directors and potential conflicts
of interest. While each committee is responsible for evaluating certain risks and overseeing the management of those risks, the entire
Board of Directors is regularly informed through management and committee reports to the full Board about these and other operational
risks. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

The
Board of Directors has standing Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees. 

Audit
Committee 

Since
2000, the Company has had a standing Audit Committee, which is presently composed of Mr. Wong (Chairman), Mr. Bosley and Mr. Roberts.
Each of the members of the Audit Committee is independent based on the application of the rules and standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market
and Rule 10a-3(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Mr. Wong has been designated as, and is, the Company s Audit
Committee Financial Expert in accordance with Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K and meets the requirements for an audit committee
expert as set forth in that item. The Audit Committee has primary responsibility meetings with management and independent auditors to
discuss the Company s financial statements. The Company s Board of Directors has adopted a written charter, as amended, for
the Company s Audit Committee, a copy of which has been posted and can be viewed on the Company s Internet website at http://www.ctiindustries.com
under the section entitled Investor Relations. In addition, the Audit Committee has adopted a complaint monitoring procedure
to enable confidential and anonymous reporting to the Audit Committee of concerns regarding, among other things, questionable accounting
or auditing matters. The Audit Committee has primary responsibility for: 

Appointing, compensating, and retaining our registered independent public accounting firm; 

Overseeing the work performed by any outside accounting firm; 

Assisting the Board of Directors in fulfilling its responsibility by reviewing the financial reports provided by us to the SEC, our stockholders, or to the general public, as well as the Company s internal financial and accounting controls; and 

Recommending, establishing, and monitoring procedures designed to improve the quality and reliability of the disclosure of our financial condition and results of operations. 

The
Audit Committee met three times during 2022. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee is composed of Mr. Roberts (Chairman), Mr. Bosley and Mr. Wong. The Board has determined that each of the members
of the Compensation Committee is independent as defined in the listing standards for the NASDAQ Stock Market. The Compensation Committee
reviews and acts on the Company s executive compensation and employee benefit and retirement plans, including their establishment,
modification and administration. It also recommends to the Board of Directors the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and certain
other executive officers. The Compensation Committee has a charter which has been posted and can be viewed on the Company s Internet
website at http://www.ctiindustries.com under the section entitled Investor Relations. The Compensation Committee met twice
in 2022. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Nominating
and Governance Committee 

In
2005, the Company established a Nominating and Governance Committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee consists of Mr. Bosley (Chairman),
Mr. Roberts and Mr. Wong. The Nominating and Governance Committee does not have a charter. The Board of Directors has determined that
each of the members of the Nominating and Governance Committee is independent as defined in the listing standards for the NASDAQ Stock
Market. 

The
Nominating and Governance Committee has not adopted a formal policy with regard to consideration of director candidates recommended by
security holders. The Company believes that continuing service of qualified incumbent members of the Board of Directors promotes stability
and continuity at the Board level, contributes to the Board s ability to work as a collective body and provides the benefit of
familiarity and insight into the Company s affairs. Accordingly, the process of the Nominating and Governance Committee for identifying
nominees reflects the Company s practice of re-nominating incumbent directors who continue to satisfy the criteria for membership
on the Board. For vacancies that are anticipated on the Board of Directors, the Nominating and Governance Committee intends to seek out
and evaluate potential candidates from a variety of sources that may include recommendations by security holders, members of management,
the Board of Directors, consultants and others. The minimum qualifications for potential candidates for the Board of Directors include
demonstrated business experience, decision-making abilities, personal integrity and a good reputation. 

The
Board s statement regarding diversity is below. This has become a larger factor in the Nominating Committee s evaluation
of potential candidates. While there is no formal policy for considering diversity when nominating a potential director, it is a consideration
that is evaluated along with other qualifications of potential candidates, and broadly a goal of the Company. In light of the foregoing,
it is believed that a formal, written policy and procedure with regard to consideration of director candidates recommended by security
holders is not necessary in order for the Nominating and Governance Committee to perform its duties. 

The
Nominating Committee did not meet in 2022. All of the independent directors of the Board of Directors participated in the nominating
process and, in separate session, voted in favor of recommending to the Board of Directors the nomination of each of the nominees for
election as directors. 

Board
Diversity 

The
current Board has five directors, all male, two of whom are of Asian background and three Caucasian. The Board recently had two female
directors who retired from the Board during January 2022. With only five directors, the Company has limited opportunity to maintain the
breadth of diversity it seeks. The Company has made diversity a goal, particularly as it moved from a 100 Caucasian, 100 male Board
of Directors at the beginning of 2020 to three Asian directors, two of whom female, later that year. The Company plans to continue to
strive for broad representation on its Board of Directors. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent
of a registered class of the Company s equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and with the NASDAQ Stock Market. Officers, directors and greater than ten-percent shareholders are required
by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based
solely on a review of such forms furnished to the Company, the Company believes that during calendar year 2022, all Section 16(a) filing
requirements applicable to the officers, directors and ten-percent beneficial shareholders were satisfied. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its senior executive and financial officers. The Company s Code of Ethics
seeks to promote (i) honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal
and professional relationships, (ii) full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure of information to the Commission, (iii)
compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations, (iv) prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code to predesignated
persons, and (v) accountability for adherence to the Code. A copy of the Code of Ethics has been posted and may be viewed on the Company s
Internet website at http://www.ctiindustries.com under the heading Investor Relations. The Company will provide to any
person without charge upon request a copy of the Code of Ethics. You may make such request by sending a written request to the Corporate
Secretary at 22160 N. Pepper Road, Lake Barrington, Illinois 60010 and providing a return address. 

Item
No. 11 Executive Compensation 

The
following table sets forth summary compensation information with respect to the Principal Executive Officer and each of the two other
most highly compensated executive officers. These individuals, including the Principal Executive Officer, are collectively referred to
in this proxy statement as the Named Executive Officers. 

Non-Equity 

Option 
 Incentive Plan 
 All other 

Name/Title 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 compensation 
 Total 

(1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 

Frank Cesario 
 2022 
 235,577 
 102,500 
 - 
 - 
 338,077 
 
 Chief Executive Officer(4) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,500 
 1,500 

Jana M. Schwan 
 2022 
 201,910 
 43,000 
 - 
 9,500 
 254,410 
 
 Chief Operating Officer (5) 
 2021 
 165,538 
 - 
 - 
 9,500 
 175,038 

Jennifer M. Connerty 
 2022 
 32,013 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 32,013 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (6) 
 2021 
 152,885 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 152,885 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

(1) 
 Reflects
 the compensation expense recognized in 2022 and 2021 for stock awards under ASC Topic 718 as reported in the Company s audited
 financial statements. 
 
 (2) 
 Amounts
 determined under the Company s incentive compensation program. 
 
 (3) 
 Amounts
 for include matching 401(k) contributions and insurance premiums 
 
 (4) 
 Mr.
 Cesario rejoined the Company in January 2022 as Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 (5) 
 Ms.
 Schwan became Chief Operating Officer in 2020. 
 
 (6) 
 Ms.
 Connerty became Chief Financial Officer in 2020. She resigned from the Company during January 2022. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Narrative
Disclosure for Summary Compensation Table 

Employment
Agreements with Our Named Executive Officers 

No
employment agreements existed until January 2022, when Mr. Cesario entered into an employment agreement with the Company. That agreement
includes a base salary of 250,000 per year. Mr. Cesario received an inducement grant of stock in the amount of 250,000 shares, 25,000
of which vested immediately, with the remaining shares scheduled to vest based upon the achievement of certain goals and objectives as
set forth in the agreement. Mr. Cesario is eligible to receive a performance-based bonus of 300,000. In the event that Mr. Cesario is
terminated without cause, he is eligible to receive twelve (12) months of salary in accordance with the agreement. 

Information
Relating to Cash Incentives 

The
Board of Directors previously had adopted an Incentive Compensation Plan providing for annual incentive compensation to be paid to executive
and managerial employees of the Company. Under the Plan, designated Named Executive Officers and several other executive officers and
managers may receive incentive compensation payments, determined on a quarterly and annual basis, based upon the income of the Company
before provision for income tax or for incentive compensation if the net income exceeds a threshold amount of profit for any quarter
of 100,000 and, for the year, of 250,000. The benefits under the Plan are divided into two Pools of compensation. Pool I (representing
the largest pool of incentive compensation) covers senior executive officers and managers who participate in the pool of incentive compensation
based upon a percentage allocation recommended by the Compensation Committee and determined by the Board of Directors each year. Pool
II covers other executives and managers who are selected to participate in proportions determined by management. The Compensation Committee
recommends the amount of the incentive compensation awards which, in the aggregate, may not exceed sixteen percent of the net income
of the Company (before provision for income tax or incentive compensation under the Plan). Further, the amount of incentive compensation
to any participant may not exceed the annual base compensation of the participant. The Compensation Committee believed such incentive
compensation motivates participants to achieve strong profitability which is viewed as the most significant element of corporate performance,
provides rewards for strong corporate performance and aligns the incentive with the interests of the shareholders. Incentive compensation
participation levels are generally determined during the first quarter of each fiscal year. 

In
determining the executives who participate in the incentive compensation awards in Pool I each year, and the relative amount of the award
to each participant, the Compensation Committee considers and takes into account (i) the position of the executive, (ii) the level of
responsibility and authority of the executive, (iii) the performance of the executive, and (iv) the extent to which the executive is
in a position to affect the financial results and profitability of the Company. The current Board of Directors is considering a revised
incentive plan and terminating the plan described in this section. No replacement plan has yet been adopted, but the Board of Directors
and Management have both indicated their desire to change this program. 

Long-Term
Equity Incentives 

The
Board of Directors adopted and approved a new incentive option plan in April 2018 which was submitted to, and approved by, our stockholders
at the annual meeting of stockholders on June 8, 2018 (the Plan ). This Plan updated and replaced the prior Stock Incentive
Plan from 2009. Under the Plan, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors is authorized to issue incentive options, non-statutory
options, restricted stock awards and stock grants to officers, directors, management personnel and consultants of the Company. The Board
of Directors determined that no further options would be granted under the 2009 Incentive Stock Plan. 

Stock
and option grants under the Plan will be determined from time to time by the Compensation Committee in consultation with management.
The actual grant for each executive is determined by taking into consideration (i) individual performance, (ii) corporate performance
and (iii) prior grants to, or stock ownership of the Company by, the executive or director. Generally, stock options are granted with
an exercise price equal to or greater than the closing price of the Company s common stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market on the date
of the grant. 

No
stock options or grants were awarded or issued during 2021. 

During
2022, each of the three independent Directors was granted 5,000 shares of restricted stock that vest over 12 months. 

Effective
January 2022, and in accordance with the Employment Agreement of Chief Executive Officer Frank Cesario, a grant of restricted stock was
made in the amount of 250,000 shares. 25,000 shares vested immediately, while the remaining 225,000 are subject to performance conditions
as further detailed in the share grant. Specifically, the restrictions on the remaining 225,000 shares will lapse based on satisfaction
of the following performance goals and objectives and continued employment through the date of meeting such targets: 

The restrictions on 56,250 shares of the award will lapse and the award will vest when the Company s trailing-twelve-month EBITDA
equals or exceeds 1 million at any time on or after January 1, 2022. 

The restrictions on 56,250 shares of the award will lapse and the award will vest in the event the Company s common shares trade
at or above 5/share for ten or more consecutive trading days. 

The restrictions on 56,250 shares of the award will lapse and the award will vestwhen the Company s operating cash flow,
calculated cumulatively from the date of employment, equals or exceeds 1.5 million. The Compensation Committee determined this
condition was satisfied during February 2023. 

The restrictions on 56,250 shares of the award will lapse and the award will vest in the event the Company is able to refinance its current
lender with a traditional lender on terms and conditions customary for such financing. On August 23, 2022, the Compensation Committee
determined this condition had been satisfied with an amended agreement with the Company s lender. 

During
2022, the Compensation Committee awarded the Company s Chief Operating Officer a grant of 100,000 shares of restricted stock. 20,000
of those shares vest over a 12 month period while the remaining shares vest 20,000 each based on the performance conditions above. 

The
Compensation Committee (as defined in the Plan) shall be responsible for determining when the conditions above have been satisfied. The
Company records compensation expense with each vesting, and records a likelihood of vesting weighted analysis to the extent it has visibility
to do so. Without such visibility, it considers such probability as de minimis until additional information is available. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Retirement
Benefits 

The
Company maintains a 401(k) employee savings plan in which all salaried employees are eligible to participate. The plan is a tax qualified
retirement plan. 

Under
the 401(k) Plan, employees may contribute up to 15 of their eligible compensation to the Plan and the Company will contribute a matching
amount to the Plan each year. Participating employees may direct the investment of individual and company contributions into one or more
of the investment options offered by the Plan. Under the terms of the Plan, the Company has made a matching contribution equal to 100 
of employee contributions that do not exceed 1 of eligible compensation plus 50 of employee contributions between 1 and 5 of eligible
compensation. During 2017, the Board of Directors determined to cease matching contributions under the 401(k) Plan for the balance of
the year. No such matching contributions were made during 2020 or 2021. 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS 

Equity Awards 

Number of Securities Underlying 

Unvested Performance Grants 
 Exercise 
 
 Name 
 Exercisable 
 Unexercisable 
 Price ) 
 
 Frank J. Cesario 
 - 
 168,750 
 - 

Jana M. Schwan 
 - 
 60,000 
 - 

EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

The
following table sets forth the common stock of the Company authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans
as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans by security holders 
 400,000 
 - 
 400,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 400,000 
 - 
 400,000 

Payments
Upon Termination or Change of Control 

The
employment agreement with Frank Cesario, effective January 2022, includes payment of twelve months salary upon termination except for
cause as is defined by that agreement. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth the compensation of directors of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2021: 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

Director s 
 Stock 
 All other 

Name 
 Fees 
 Awards (1) 
 compensation 
 Total 
 
 Yubao Li 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Frank Cesario 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Douglas Bosley 
 12,000 
 4,750 
 - 
 16,750 

JD Roberts 
 12,000 
 4,750 
 - 
 16,750 

Philip Wong 
 12,000 
 4,750 
 - 
 16,750 

(1) 
 Reflects
 the compensation expense recognized in 2022 for stock awards under ASC Topic 718 as reported in the Company s audited financial
 statements. 

Narrative
Description of Director Compensation 

Payments
to non-employee directors were suspended during 2019, and restarted as of January 2022. 

Agreements
Between Third Parties and Directors 

There
are no agreements or arrangements by which any directors or nominees are to receive compensation or other payments from third parties
in return for serving on the Board of Directors. 

Item
No. 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
Board of Directors knows of no other matters to be presented for shareholder action at the Annual Meeting. On matters which may be raised
at the Annual Meeting that are not covered by this Proxy Statement, the persons named in the proxy will have full discretionary authority
to vote. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

BENEFICIAL
OWNERSHIP OF SHARES BY MANAGEMENT 

 AND
SIGNIFICANT SHAREHOLDERS 

The
following table provides information concerning the beneficial ownership of the Company s Common Stock by each director and nominee
for director, certain executive officers, and by all directors and officers of the Company as a group as of December 31, 2022. In addition,
the table provides information concerning the current beneficial owners, if any, known to the Company to hold more than 5 percent of
the outstanding Common Stock of the Company. 

The
amounts and percentage of stock beneficially owned are reported based on regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a beneficial
owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct
the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right
to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days after December 31, 2022. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial
owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed a beneficial owner of securities in which he has no economic interest. The percentage
of Common Stock beneficially owned is based on 16,059,091 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Shares of 
 Common Stock 
 Shares of 
 Preferred Stock 
 Percent of 
 Common 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Stock 
 
 Yubao Li/Yunhong 
 7,100,000 (1) 
 - 
 40 
 
 Mr. Wang 
 1,700,000 (2) 
 170,000 
 10 
 
 Icy Melon 
 1,826,399 
 - 
 10 
 
 Mitzners Consulting 
 1,564,691 
 - 
 9 
 
 Frank J. Cesario 
 83,250 
 - 

Jana Schwan 
 45,725 
 - 

Douglas Bosley 
 5,000 
 - 

Gerald JD Roberts, Jr. 
 5,000 
 - 

Philip Wong 
 5,000 
 - 

All Current Directors and Executive Officers as a group 
 7,243,975 
 170,000 
 41 

(1) These
 shares are held by LF Investments Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private limited company controlled
 by Mr. Li. 

(2) Represents
 1,700,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 170,000 shares of Series B preferred 

Less
than one percent 

30 

 Table of Contents 

Item
No. 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

As
of December 2017, Mr. John H. Schwan was owed a total of 1.1 million, with additional accrued interest of 0.4 million, by the Company.
As part of the December 2017 financing with PNC, Mr. Schwan executed a subordination agreement related to these amounts due him, as evidenced
by a related note representing the amount owed to Mr. Schwan. During January 2019, Mr. Schwan and the Company agreed to an exchange of
 0.6 million of his debt for approximately 181,000 shares of CTI common stock at the then market rate of 3.32 per share. As of December
31, 2022, the balance of Mr. Schwan s note was approximately 1.3 million, including accrued interest. Mr. Schwan is the father
of Jana Schwan. 

Relationships
and transactions in which the Company and its directors and executive officers or their immediate family members are participants or
have conflicts of interest are reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee. While the Audit Committee has not adopted a written policy
for the review and approval of related party transactions, in determining whether to approve or ratify any such transaction, the Audit
Committee considers, in addition to such other factors it may deem appropriate in the circumstances, whether (i) the transaction is fair
and reasonable to the Company, (ii) under all of the circumstances, the transaction is in, or not inconsistent with, the Company s
best interests, and (iii) the transaction will be on terms no less favorable to the Company than could have been obtained in an arms 
length transaction with an unrelated third party. The Audit Committee, in its discretion, may request information from any party to facilitate
its consideration of matter. The Audit Committee does not allow a director to participate in any review, approval or ratification of
any transaction if he or she, or his or her immediate family member, has a direct or indirect material interest in the transaction. 

Item
No. 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
following table sets forth the amount of fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firm, for professional services
during the year ended December 31, 2021, and the combination of LJ Soldinger Associates LP and RBSM LLP for the year ended December 31,
2022: 

Dec. 31, 2022 
 Dec. 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 330,100 
 254,000 
 
 Other Audit Related Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees (3) 
 6,000 
 - 
 
 Total Fees 
 336,100 
 254,400 

(1) 
 Includes
 the annual financial statement audit and limited quarterly reviews and expenses. 

(2) 
 Includes
 fees and expenses for other audit related activity. 

(3) 
 May
 represent tax services and other consulting services. 

All
audits, tax and other services to be performed for the Company must be pre-approved by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews
the description of services and an estimate of the anticipated costs to perform those services. Services not previously approved cannot
commence until such approval has been granted. Pre-approval is granted usually at regularly scheduled meetings. If unanticipated items
arise between meetings of the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee has delegated approval authority to the Chairman of the Audit Committee,
in which case the Chairman communicates such pre-approvals to the full Committee at its next meeting. 

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors reviews all relationships with its independent auditors, including the provision of non-audit
services, which may relate to the independent registered public accounting firm s independence. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

Item
No. 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1)
The following documents are filed under pages F-1 through F-29 and are included as part of this Form 10-K: 

REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 F-1 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 F-3 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 F-4 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 F-5 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 F-6 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-7 

(a)(2)
All financial statement schedules are omitted because the information is inapplicable or presented in the notes to the financial statements,
except for Schedule II Valuation and qualifying accounts. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are incorporated herein by reference and are listed on the attached Exhibit Index. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Document 

3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Registrant s Schedule 14A Definitive Proxy Statement filed April 29, 2015). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Yunhong CTI, Ltd (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2, contained in Registrant s Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2017). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1, contained in the Registrant s form 8-K filed on February 19, 2020). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Registrant s Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1, contained in the Registrant s form 8-K filed on March 16, 2020). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, No Par Value (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 contained in Registrant s Form 8-K/A filed on May 5, 2021). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 contained in Registrant s Form 8-K/A filed on May 5, 2021). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 contained in Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2021). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Yunhong CTI, Ltd common stock certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 contained in Registrant s Report on Form 10-K dated March 31, 2017). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Yunhong CTI, Ltd 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by Reference to Schedule A contained in Registrant s 14A Definitive Proxy Statement, as filed with the Commission on April 30, 2018) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Revolving Credit, Term Loan, and Security Agreement dated December 14, 2017 (PNC Bank National Association)(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1, contained in Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2017). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Revolving
 Credit Note dated December 14, 2017 (PNC Bank National Association) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2, contained in
 Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2017). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Term
 Note dated December 14, 2017 (PNC Bank National Association) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3, contained in
 Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2017). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Promissory
 Note dated December 14, 2017 (PNC Bank National Association) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4, contained in
 Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2017). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Real
 Property Mortgage dated December 14, 2017 (PNC Bank National Association) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5, contained in
 Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2017). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Subordination
 Agreement dated December 14, 2017 (PNC Bank National Association) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6, contained in
 Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2017). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement dated June 12, 2018 (PNC Bank National Association) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1, contained in Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 12, 2018) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Consent and Amendment No. 2 to Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement dated October 18, 2018 (PNC Bank National Association) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1, contained in Registrant s form 8-K filed on October 18, 2018) 

33 

 Table of Contents 

10.10 
 
 Subscription Agreement among Registrant and John H. Schwan dated December 21, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1, contained in Registrant s form 8-K filed on January 17, 2019). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Settlement
 Agreement and Release dated January 21, 2019 (PNC Bank National Association) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18, contained
 in Registrant s form 10-K filed on April 16, 2019). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amendment No.1 to Agreement among CTI, GLG, Page and H One dated January 21, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19, contained in Registrant s form 10-K filed on April 16, 2019). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amendment No. 3 and Forbearance Agreement to Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement dated March 4, 2019 (PNC Bank National Association) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1, contained in Registrant s form 8-K filed on March 8, 2019). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Amendment
 No. 4 and Forbearance Agreement dated October 18, 2019 (PNC Bank National Association) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1,
 contained in Registrant s form 8-K filed on October 24, 2019). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1, contain in Registrants form 8-K filed on January 3, 2020). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Limited Waiver, Consent, Amendment No. 5 and Forbearance Agreement (PNC Bank National Association) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1, contained in the Registrant s form 8-K filed on January 16, 2020). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1, contained in the Registrant s form 8-K filed on February 26, 2020). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Amendment No.2 to Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of April 13, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1, contained in Registrant s form 8-K filed on April 17, 2020. 
 
 10.19 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 contained in Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 contained in Registrant s Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2021). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 contained in Registrant s Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2021). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Lease Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 contained in Registrant s Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2021). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 contained in Registrant s Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2021). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Stock Redemption Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 contained in Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2021). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 contained in Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2021). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 contained in Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2021). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 contained in Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2021). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Employment Agreement (Offer Letter) between Frank Cesario and the Company dated December 29, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 contained in Registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2022). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Exclusive Distribution Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 contained in Registrant s Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2023). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 contained in the Registrant s Form 10-K/A Amendment No. 2, as filed with the Commission on October 13, 2004). 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, BF Borgers CPA PC. 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, RBSM LLP. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended (filed herewith). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended (filed herewith). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 
 101 
 
 Interactive
 Data Files, including the following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2021, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

(a) 
 The
 Exhibits listed in subparagraph (a)(3) of this Item 15 are attached hereto unless incorporated by reference to a previous filing. 

(b) 
 The
 Schedule listed in subparagraph (a)(2) of this Item 15 is attached hereto. 

Item
No. 16 Summary 

None. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized on April 12, 2023. 

Yunhong
 CTI, LTD 

By:
 
 /s/
 Frank Cesario 

Frank
 Cesario, Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief 
 Financial
 Officer, Director 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Yubao Li 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 Yubao Li 

/s/ Douglas Bosley 

Director 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 Douglas Bosley 

/s/ Gerald (J.D.) Roberts, Jr. 

Director 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 Gerald (J.D.) Roberts, Jr. 

/s/ Philip Wong 

Director 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 Philip Wong 

35 

 Table of Contents 

Yunhong
CTI, LTD and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Contents 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 5041) 
 F-1 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Financial
Statement Schedule: 

All
other schedules for which a provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not
required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and, therefore, have been omitted. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Yunhong CTI Ltd. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Yunhong CTI Ltd. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the
related statement of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the Company s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or are required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We
determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s
BF Borgers CPA PC 

 (PCAOB ID 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 

April
12, 2023 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

 Yunhong
CTI Ltd. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Yunhong CTI Ltd. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2021,
the related consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the year ended
December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statement). We did not audit the December 31, 2021
financial statements of Flexo Universal S. de R.L. de C.V., a 99.82 percent owned subsidiary (Flexo) which the Company sold on October
28, 2021. The Company has reclassified operations related to Flexo as discontinued operations for the period from January 1, 2021 to
October 28, 2021. Those statements were audited by other auditors whose report has been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as
it relates to the amounts included for Flexo, is based solely on the report of the other auditors. In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flow for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The
Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and will require additional capital
to continue as a going concern. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect
the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that
may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Inventories
Valuation 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

The
Company s inventories, net of reserves totaled approximately 7,876,000 as of December 31, 2021. As described in Note 2 and Note
8 to the consolidated financial statements, inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. On a periodic basis,
the Company reviews its inventory levels for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable items, in reference to future demand requirements
and the shelf life of the products. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had established a reserve for obsolescence, marketability or
excess quantities with respect to inventory in the aggregate amount of 290,000. 

Given
the judgments made by management a high degree of subjective and complex auditor judgment was required to evaluate management s
estimates of the net realizable value of its inventory and reserves for excess and obsolete inventory. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: 

We
 reviewed and evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management s methods. 
 
 We
 reviewed and evaluated the significant assumptions and tested the accuracy and completeness
 of the underlying data used in management s inventory reserve calculation. 
 
 We
 recalculated the reserve using management s methodology and evaluated the methodology
 and the significant assumptions for reasonableness. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

April
14, 2022 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

Yunhong
CTI, Ltd 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 
 - 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment: 

Machinery and equipment 

Office furniture and equipment 

Intellectual property 

Leasehold improvements 

Fixtures and equipment at customer locations 

Projects under construction 

Property, plant and equipment,
 gross 

Less : accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total property, plant and equipment, net 

Other assets: 

Operating lease right-of-use 

Other assets 
 - 

Total other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Trade payables 

Line of credit 

Notes payable - current portion 

Notes payable - officers, subordinated 
 - 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accrued liabilities 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Notes payable net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable - officers, subordinated 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Equity: 

Yunhong CTI, Ltd stockholders equity: 

Series A Preferred Stock par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively (liquidation preference - million as of December 31, 2021) 
 - 

Series B Preferred Stock par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively (liquidation preference - million as of December 31, 2022) 

Series C Preferred Stock par value, and shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively 
 - 

Series D Preferred Stock par value, and shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively 
 - 

Preferred Stock Value 
 - 

Common stock - par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively 

Paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Less: Treasury stock, shares 

Total Yunhong CTI, Ltd Stockholders Equity 

Total Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

Yunhong
CTI, Ltd 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net Sales 

Cost of Sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Selling 

Advertising and marketing 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (expense) income: 

Interest expense 

Gain on Sale and Leaseback Transaction 
 - 

Reclassification of Cumulative Foreign Currency Loss 
 - 

Loss on Sale of Subsidiary 
 - 

Other income/(expense) 

Total other expense, net 

Loss from continuing operations before taxes 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 

Loss from continuing operations 

Income (Loss) from discontinued operations , net of tax 
 - 

Net Loss 

Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 - 

Net loss attributable to Yunhong CTI, Ltd 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Foreign currency adjustment 
 - 

Reclassification of foreign currency adjustment to earnings 
 - 

Comprehensive loss 

Deemed dividends on preferred stock and amortization of beneficial conversion feature 

Net Loss Attributable to Yunhong CTI Ltd Common Shareholders 

Basic income (loss) per common share 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 
 - 

Basic income (loss) per common share 

Diluted income (loss) per common share 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 
 -) 
 
 Diluted income (loss) per common share 

Weighted average number of shares and equivalent shares of common stock outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

Yunhong
CTI, Ltd 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Loss 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Interest 
 TOTAL 

Yunhong
 CTI, Ltd 

Series
 A 
 Series
 B 
 Series
 C 
 Series
 D 

Accumulated 
 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Less 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 (Deficit) 
 Comprehensive 
 Treasury Stock 
 Noncontrolling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Loss 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Interest 
 TOTAL 

Balance
 December 31, 2020 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Series
 D Convertible Preferred Stock Issuance 

- 
 - 

Series
 C Convertible Preferred Stock Issuance 

- 
 - 

Series
 B Convertible Preferred Stock Modification 

- 
 - 

Convertible
 Preferred Stock Issuance - conversion of debt 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued for warrants exercised - cashless 

- 
 - 

BCF
 on Series C Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 

Deemed
 Dividend on BCF of Series C Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 

Accrued
 Deemed Dividend - Series A Preferred Stock 

- 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 Deemed Dividend - Series B Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 

Accrued
 Deemed Dividend - Series C Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 Deemed Dividend - Series D Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Accretion
 of Series B Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 

Completion
 of HFS 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 Income (Loss) 

- 
 - 

Foreign
 Currency Translation 

(342 

Balance
 December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 TOTAL 

Yunhong
 CTI, Ltd 

Series
 A 
 Series
 B 
 Series
 C 
 Series
 D 

Accumulated 
 Less 

Preferred Stock 
 Preferred 
 Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 (Deficit) 
 Treasury
 Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 TOTAL 

Balance
 December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Accrued
 Deemed Dividend - Series A Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 
 Conversion
 - Series A Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 

Accrued
 Deemed Dividend - Series B Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 Deemed Dividend - Series C Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 
 Conversion
 - Series C Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 

Accrued
 Deemed Dividend - Series D Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 
 Conversion
 - Series D Preferred Stock 

- 

Stock
 Issuance 

- 
 
 Equity
 Compensation Charge 

- 

Net
 Income (Loss) 

- 

Balance
 December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

Yunhong
CTI, Ltd 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activites 

Depreciation and amortization 

Equity compensation charge 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of ROU asset 
 - 

Realized currency translation gain 
 - 

Gain on sale of building 
 - 

Provision for losses on accounts receivable 
 - 

Impairment of Note Receivable 
 - 

Deconsolidation of disposed entities 
 - 

Change in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Change in ROU liability 
 - 

Trade payables 

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

Proceeds from Sale of building 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayment of debt and revolving line of credit 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 
 - 

Cash paid for deferred financing fees 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt and revolving line of credit 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 - 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

The cash flows related to discontinued operations have not been segregated, and are included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The cash and equivalents amounts presented above differ from cash and equivalents in the Consolidated Balance Sheets due to cash included in Current assets of discontinued operations. 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash payments for interest 

Accrued dividend and accretion on Preferred Stock 

Lease right-of-use assets and lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of Series A, C and D Preferred Stock 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Series C and D Preferred offerings 
 - 

Cash receipts for tax refund 

Amortization of beneficial conversion feature and deemed dividend on Series C and D Preferred stock 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements of Yunhong CTI Ltd. 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

- 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 - 
 
 Projects that prolong the life and increase efficiency of machinery 
 - 
 
 Light Machinery 
 - 
 
 Heavy Machinery 
 - 
 
 Office furniture and equipment 
 - 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 - 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 - 
 
 Furniture and equipment at customer locations 
 - 

Light
machinery consists of forklifts, scissor lifts, and other warehouse machinery. Heavy machinery consists of production equipment including
laminating, printing and converting equipment. Projects in process represent those costs capitalized in connection with construction
of new assets and/or improvements to existing assets including a factor for interest on funds committed to projects in process of 
and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Upon completion, these costs are reclassified to the appropriate
asset class. 

and , respectively. 

million. The accompanying financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company s cash
resources may be insufficient to meet its anticipated needs during the next twelve months. The Company may require additional funding
on acceptable terms to support it is planned future operations. Management s plans include executing on its business plan and raising
external funds to the extent needed. These factors are indicators that there is substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a
going concern for one year from the issuance of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The accompanying financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company s primary sources of liquidity have traditionally been comprised of cash and cash equivalents as well as availability under
a Credit Agreement. Until September 30, 2021, that Credit Agreement was with PNC (see Note 9), which began in December 2017 as an 
million revolving credit facility and a million term loan. As noted in Note 9, we encountered a series of challenges in meeting conditions
of that agreement, which added to liquidity issues and raised an issue regarding our ability to continue as a going concern during that
period. 

During
September 2021, we entered into a new credit agreement with Line Financial, using those proceeds and the proceeds from multiple preferred
stock issuances and the sale of preferred stock and the sale / leaseback transaction of our Lake Barrington, IL property (below) to fully
repay PNC. The new agreement with Line Financial includes a revolving credit facility for up to million and a term loan of million,
all supported by the majority of our assets. We also made structural changes to our business, removing the cash required to support subsidiaries
that are no longer part of our group and other operating improvements. 

In
January 2021 we entered into an agreement with a related party, LF International Pte. Ltd. which is controlled by Company director, Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Yubao Li, to purchase shares of Series C Preferred stock. We issued shares of Series
C Preferred for an aggregate purchase price of . The Series C Preferred have an initial stated value of per share and
liquidation preference over common stock. 

On
April 23, 2021, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement PSA with an unaffiliated purchaser (the Purchaser pursuant to which the Company sold its facility in Lake Barrington, Illinois (the Lake Barrington Facility ), in which our
headquarters office, production and warehouse space are located, to the Purchaser. The sale price for the Lake Barrington Facility was
 , consisting of in cash and a promissory note with a principal amount of , due and payable on May 3, 2021
(the Purchaser Promissory Note ). As part of its agreements with PNC, the Company agreed that the full in cash
proceeds from the sale of the Lake Barrington Facility would be applied to repay the term loan owed to PNC pursuant to the
Loan Agreement. The Company further agreed that in proceeds from the Purchaser Promissory Note was applied to amounts due
and owing to PNC under revolving credit advances made pursuant to the Loan Agreement (the Revolving Loans ). 

Concurrently
with the closing under the PSA, the Company and the Purchaser entered into a lease agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to
lease the Lake Barrington Facility from the Purchaser for a period of . The annual base rent commences at for the first
year of the term and escalates annually to during the last year of the term of the lease. 

In
June 2021, the Company received million from a third party as an advance on a proposed sale of Series D Redeemable Convertible Preferred
Stock. As of December 1, 2021, the terms of the arrangement were finalized and this investment was reclassified into equity. 

We
believe we have been in compliance with our new credit facility since that time. As of December 31, 2022 we have drawn approximately
 million of the maximum million revolving line of credit, which is available subject to the value of receivables and inventory
that support the line. Through December 31, 2022, the Company has received approximately in Employee Retention Tax Credits ERTC from the United States Government related to claims that were filed during 2021. is listed as General and Administrative, while
the remainder is in Other Income. During October 2022 we had outstanding million of additional ERTC claims that had not been processed.
We factored those claims with a third party for million. To the extent any portion of those claims are ultimately denied, we must
refund a pro-rated amount of that million. This is treated as deferred income on the balance sheet until such time as the original
claims are processed. During January 2023, approximately million of these claims were processed and paid, which was forwarded to
the third party. At that time, we recognize approximately million of the related deferred income. 

million from foreign currency translation
adjustments, including the reclassification of prior amounts into then-current year results. 

customers that accounted for approximately and of consolidated net sales
from continuing operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, those same customers accounted for approximately and of
consolidated net sales. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding accounts receivable balance due from these customers
were million and million, respectively. 

Work in Process 

Finished Goods 

Total inventories 

Other Note 

Term Loan (2022 and 2021 are net of deferred finance costs of 0.1 million and 0.2 million, respectively) 

Line of Credit 

Total long-term debt 

Less current portion 

Total Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 
 - 

Line
of Credit and Term Loan 

During
December 2017, we entered in new financing agreements with PNC Bank, National Association PNC ). The financing agreements
with PNC (the PNC Agreements included a million term loan and an million revolving credit facility (the Revolving
Credit Facility ), with a credit facility termination date of December 2022. Available credit under the Revolving Credit facility
was determined by eligible receivables and inventory at CTI Industries (U.S.) and Flexo Universal (Mexico). We notified PNC of our failure
to meet certain financial covenants and conditions during multiple occasions between 2018 and 2021, resulting in amendments to the loan
documents, and in some cases forbearance agreements, along with related fees, penalties and conditions. 

On
September 30, 2021 (the Closing Date ), the Company entered into a loan and security agreement (the Agreement with Line Financial (the Lender ), which provides for a senior secured financing consisting of a revolving credit facility
(the Revolving Credit Facility) in an aggregate principal amount of up to million (the Maximum Revolver Amount and term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount of Term Loan Amount 
and, together with the Revolving Credit Facility, the Senior Facilities ). Proceeds of loans borrowed under the Senior Facilities
were used to repay all amounts outstanding under the Company s PNC Agreements and for the Company s working capital. The
Senior Facilities are secured by substantially all assets of the Company. 

Interest
on the Senior Facilities shall be the prime rate published from time to time published in the Wall Street Journal as of December
16, 2022), plus per annum, accruing daily and payable monthly. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for
the actual number of days elapsed. The Term Loan Facility shall be repaid by the Company to Lender in equal monthly installments of
principal and interest, each in the amount of , commencing on November 1, 2021, and continuing on the first day of each month
thereafter until the Term Loan Maturity Date (as defined in the Agreement). Also, the Company would pay the Lender collateral monitoring
fees of of the eligible accounts receivable, inventory, and equipment supporting the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan.
During August 2022 the terms above were modified to reduce the collateral monitoring fee to , and added a provision that barred
the Company from repaying the facility prior to September 2023. In addition, the Company paid the Lender a loan fee of of the Maximum
Revolver Amount and the Term Loan Amount upon the execution of the Agreement. 

The
Senior Facilities mature on September 30, 2023 and shall automatically be extended for successive periods of each, unless the
Company or the Lender gives the other party written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such term or renewal
term, as applicable. If the Senior Facilities are renewed, the Company shall pay the Lender a renewal fee of of the Maximum Revolver
Amount and the Term Loan Amount upon each renewal on the anniversary of the Closing Date. The Company has the option to prepay the Term
Loan Facility (together with all accrued but unpaid interest and a Term Loan Prepayment Fee (as defined the Agreement) in whole, but
not in part, upon not less than 60 days prior written notice to the Lender. 

The
Senior Facilities require that the Company shall, commencing December 31, 2021, maintain Tangible Net Worth of at least or
greater Minimum Tangible Net Worth ). Minimum Tangible Net Worth may be adjusted downward by the Lender, from time to time,
in its sole and absolute discretion, based on the effect of non-cash charges and other factors on the calculation of Tangible Net Worth.
Other debt subordinated to Lender is not considered as a reduction of this calculation. The Company believes it was in compliance with
this covenant as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Senior Facilities contain certain affirmative and negative covenants that limit the ability of the Company, among other things and subject
to certain significant exceptions, to incur debt or liens, make investments, enter into certain mergers, consolidations, and acquisitions,
pay dividends and make other restricted payments, or make capital expenditures exceeding in the aggregate in any fiscal year. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the term loan balance amounted to million and million, respectively, which consisted of the
principal and interest payable balance and deferred financing costs. The balance of the Revolving Line of Credit as of December 31, 2022
and 2021 amounted to million and million, respectively. 

Subordniated
(Officer) Note 

As
of January 1, 2019, the Company had a note payable to John H. Schwan, former Director and former Chairman of the Board, for million,
including accrued interest. This loan accrues interest, is due December 31, 2023, and is subordinate to the Senior Facilities. During
January 2019, Mr. Schwan converted of the note into approximately shares of our common stock at the then market rate
of per share. As a result of the conversion, the loan balance decreased to million. The loan and interest payable to Mr. Schwan
amounted to million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. payments were made to Mr. Schwan during
2022 or 2021. Interest expense related to this loan amounted to and for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively, and and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Other
Note 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company had a note payable to Alex Feng for . This loan accrues interest at and is subordinate
to the Senior Facilities. 

to ; the new
limitations on the tax deductibility of interest expense; the acceleration of business asset expensing; the repeal of the alternative
minimum tax AMT the limitation on the use of net operating losses generated in future years; and the Global Intangible
Low Taxed Income regime. On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted into law and introduced changes to U.S. tax law including revised
limitations on the tax deductibility of interest expense and the limitation on the use of net operating losses. 

Due
to an ownership change in the first quarter of 2020, the future utilization of certain post-change income tax attributes of Yunghong
CTI Ltd , including net operating loss carryovers, are anticipated to be limited for U.S. income tax purposes. 

to pretax loss as follows (in thousands): 

 Schedule
of Income Tax Provision (Benefit) Related to Continuing Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 U.S. Federal provision (benefit) 

At Statutory Rate 

State Taxes 

Change in Valuation Allowance 

NOL Carryback Claim (CARES Act) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Nondeductible Expenses 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign Taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deconsolidation Impairment 

Other 

Total 
 - 
 - 

Deferred
Tax Assets and Liabilities 

Foreign Tax Credit Other Credits 

Capitalized R D 
 
 - 
 
 Reserves and Accruals 

Capital Loss Carryforward 

Unicap 263A Adjustment 

Other DTA 

Foreign NOL Carryforward 

Deferred Interest Expense 

ERC Wage Disallowance 
 - 

Deconsolidation Impairment 
 - 

Total Gross DTA 

Less: Val. Allowance 

Total Deferred Tax Assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Fixed Assets Intangibles 

Section 481(a) Adjustment 

Total Gross DTL 

Net Deferred Tax Assets 
 - 
 - 

Realization
of our deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. Due to the lack
of earnings history and in light of management s comments regarding going concern for most of 2019 through December 31, 2022,
a valuation allowance has been recorded to reduce the deferred tax assets to its net realizable value. The valuation allowance
increased by 
million and increased by 
million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The valuation allowance includes no benefit related to stock based compensation and exercises for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, prior to the implementation of ASC 515 and 718, that will be credited to additional paid in
capital when realized. 

Net
Operating Loss and Tax Credit Carryforwards 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a net operating loss carryforward for federal income tax purposes of approximately 
million, of which million is subject to expiration beginning 2037. We had a total state net operating loss carryforward of approximately 
million, with various expiration dates. Utlization of some of the federal and state net operating loss and credit carryforwards are subject to annual limitations due to the change
in ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and similar state provisions. The annual limitations may result in
the expiration of net operating losses and credits before utilization. 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As
discussed in Note 9, Mr. John H. Schwan was owed approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively
in a note from the Company. 

million increase in other assets, a million increase in current liabilities, and a million
increase in non-current liabilities. We did not record any cumulative effect adjustments in opening retained earnings, and adoption of
ASC 842 had no impact on cash flows from operating, investing, or financing activities. 

We
determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Most of our operating leases do not provide an implicit rate of interest so we use
our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date to determine the present value of future payments.
We lease various assets in the course of ordinary business including warehouses and manufacturing facilities, as well as vehicles and
equipment used in our operations. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet as we recognize
lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The depreciable life of assets and related improvements
are limited by the expected lease term, unless there is a reasonably certain expected transfer or title or purchase option. Some lease
agreements include renewal options at our sole discretion. Any guaranteed residual value is included in our lease liability. 

Accumulated amortization 

Net lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current 

Operating 

Operating Current 

Noncurrent 

Operating 

Operating Noncurrent 

Total lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining term (years) operating leases 

Weighted average discount rate operating leases 

Financing lease asset amortization 
 - 
 - 
 
 Related interest expense 
 - 
 - 

Total expense during twelve months ended December 31 

2024 and thereafter 

Total lease payments 

less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

shares of the Company s newly created shares of Series A Preferred Stock Series
A Preferred ), with each share of Series A Preferred initially convertible into ten shares of the Company s common stock,
at a purchase price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of (the LF International Offering ). As
permitted by the Purchase Agreement, the Company may, in its discretion issue up to an additional shares of Series A Preferred
for a purchase price of per share (the Additional Shares Offering, and collectively with the LF International Offering,
the Offering ). Approximately million of Series A Preferred has been sold, including to an investor which converted an
account receivable of owed to the investor by the Company in exchange for shares of Series A Preferred. The Company completed
several closings with LF International from January 2020 through June 2020. The majority of the funds received reduced our bank debt.
We issued a total of shares of common stock to LF International and, pursuant to the LF Purchase Agreement, changed our name
from CTI Industries Corporation to Yunhong CTI Ltd. LF International has the right to name three directors to serve on our Board. They
were Mr. Yubao Li, Ms. Wan Zhang and Ms. Yaping Zhang. Ms. Wan Zhang and Ms. Yaping Zhang retired from the Board in January 2022. 

The
issuance of the Series A Preferred generated a beneficial conversion feature (BCF), which arises when a debt or equity security is issued
with an embedded conversion option that is beneficial to the investor or in the money at inception because the conversion option has
an effective strike price that is less than the market price of the underlying stock at the commitment date. The fair value of the common
stock into which the Series A Preferred was convertible exceeded the allocated purchase price fair value of the Series A Preferred Stock
at the closing dates by approximately million as of the closing dates. We recognized this BCF by allocating the intrinsic value
of the conversion option, to additional paid-in capital, resulting in a discount on the Series A Preferred. As the Series A Preferred
is immediately convertible, the Company accreted the discount on the date of issuance. The accretion was recognized as dividend equivalents. 
Holders of the Series A Preferred will be entitled to receive quarterly dividends at the annual rate of of the stated value per
share). Such dividends may be paid in cash or in shares of common stock at the Company s discretion. In the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2022, the Company accrued and of these dividends in each period, respectively. On September 1, 2022,
the investor converted Preferred Series A into million shares of common stock and approximately million shares of common stock
representing accrued dividends. 

Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock 

In
November 2020, we issued shares of Series B Preferred for an aggregate purchase price of . The Series B Preferred have
an initial stated value of per share and liquidation preference over common stock. The Series B Preferred is convertible into
shares of our common stock equal to the number of shares determined by dividing the sum of the stated value and any accrued and unpaid
dividends by the conversion price of . The Series B Preferred accrues dividends at a rate of percent per annum, payable at our
election either in cash or shares of the Company s common stock. Initially, the Series B Preferred, in whole or part, was redeemable
at the option of the holder (but not mandatorily redeemable) at any time on or after November 30, 2021 for the stated value, plus any
accrued and unpaid dividends and thus was classified as mezzanine equity and initially recognized at fair value of million (the
proceeds on the date of issuance). In March 2021, the terms of the Series B Preferred were modified to eliminate the ability of the holder
to redeem the Series B Preferred. As the Series B Preferred is no longer redeemable, the Series B Preferred is not classified as mezzanine
equity as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. As a result, the carrying value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 
and , respectively. The December 31, 2022 balance consists of original carrying value, accrued dividends
and accretion. On February 1, 2023, the investor converted Preferred Series B into approximately million shares of common
stock. 

Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock 

In
January 2021 we entered into an agreement with a related party, LF International Pte. Ltd. which is controlled by Company director and
Chairman, Mr. Yubao Li, to purchase shares of Series C Preferred stock. We issued shares of Series C Preferred for an aggregate
purchase price of . The Series C Preferred have an initial stated value of per share and liquidation preference over
common stock. The Series C Preferred is convertible into shares of our common stock equal to the number of shares determined by dividing
the sum of the stated value and any accrued and unpaid dividends by the conversion price of . The Series C Preferred accrues dividends
at a rate of percent per annum, payable at our election either in cash or shares of the Company s common stock. The issuance
of the Series C Preferred generated a beneficial conversion feature (BCF), which arises when a debt or equity security is issued with
an embedded conversion option that is beneficial to the investor or in the money at inception because the conversion option has an effective
strike price that is less than the market price of the underlying stock at the commitment date. The fair value of the common stock into
which the Series C Preferred was convertible exceeded the allocated purchase price of the Series C Preferred at the closing dates by
greater than the allocated purchase price. Therefore, the BCF was the purchase price of the Series C Preferred million) and was
allocated to Additional Paid-in Capital, resulting in a discount on the Series C Preferred Stock. As the Series C Preferred Stock is
immediately convertible, the Company accreted the discount on the date of issuance. The accretion to the carrying value of the Series
C Preferred is treated as a deemed dividend, recorded as a charge to Additional Paid in Capital and deducted in computing earnings per
share. The carrying value as of August 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021 amounted to and , respectively. On September
1, 2022, the investor converted Series C into million shares of common stock and accrued dividends in the amount of approximately
 million shares of common stock. 

Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock 

In
June 2021, the Company received million from an unrelated third party as an advance on a proposed sale of Series D Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock. As of September 30, 2021, the Company was in the process of negotiating and finalizing the terms of the arrangement.
As the agreement was not finalized as of September 30, 2021, the million advance was classified as Advance from Investor within
liabilities on the balance sheet at that time. As of December 31, 2021, the terms had been finalized, the investment was classified as
equity, similar to the prior Convertible Preferred issuances, above. The issuance of the Series D Preferred generated a beneficial conversion
feature (BCF), which arises when a debt or equity security is issued with an embedded conversion option that is beneficial to the investor
or in the money at inception because the conversion option has an effective strike price that is less than the market price of the underlying
stock at the commitment date. The fair value of the common stock into which the Series D Preferred was convertible exceeded the allocated
purchase price fair value of the Series D Preferred Stock at the closing dates by approximately million as of the closing dates.
We recognized this BCF by allocating the intrinsic value of the conversion option, to additional paid-in capital, resulting in a discount
on the Series D Preferred. As the Series D Preferred is immediately convertible, the Company accreted the discount on the date of issuance.
The accretion was recognized as dividend equivalents. Holders of the Series D Preferred will be entitled to receive quarterly dividends
at the annual rate of of the stated value per share). Such dividends may be paid in cash or in shares of common stock at the
Company s discretion. In addition, warrants to purchase the Company s common stock were issued with respect to this
transaction. These warrants are exercisable until December 1, 2024, at the lower of per share or of the variable price based
on the ten day volume weighted average price VWAP of the Company s common stock. The value of these warrants was
determined to be and recorded as an allocation of paid in capital associated with this transaction. The carrying value as of
September 1, 2022 and December 31, 2021 amounted to and , respectively. On September 1, 2022, the investor converted
Preferred Series D into million shares of common stock and received accrued dividends of approximately million shares of common
stock. 

Warrants 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled/Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised/Issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

2021 Warrants 

Shares reserved as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

shares of our common stock were issued to LF related to the acceleration of closings in our Series A Offering, and an additional
 shares were issued to Garden State Securities in its representation of the Company in the Series A Offering. 

Restricted
Stock 

In
2020, shares of restricted stock vested to Mr. Hyland, former Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to the terms of the grant related
to his employment with the Company. There were other shares of restricted stock outstanding during 2020 or 2021. During 2022, 
shares of restricted stock were granted to the incoming Chief Executive Officer pursuant to an employment agreement. of those
shares are to vest immediately and the remaining shares are schedule to vest upon the achievement of certain performance conditions.
Each of three independent directors received grants of shares that were fully vested as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, the
Chief Operating Officer was granted shares, of which vested over 12 months while the remaining had the same performance
conditions as the Chief Executive Officer. During 2022, the performance condition related to shares for the Chief Executive Officer
and shares for the Chief Operating Officer was met, and these shares vested. As of December 31, 2022, performance conditions related
to shares for the Chief Executive Officer and shares for the Chief Operating Officer remain unvested. 

Stock
Options 

The
Compensation Committee Committee administers the Company s stock-based plans. The exercise price of the stock options
shall be fixed by the Committee at whatever price the Committee may determine in good faith. Unless the Committee determines otherwise,
options generally had a -year term with a -year vesting schedule. Unless the Committee provides otherwise, options terminate upon the
termination of a participant s employment, except that the participant may exercise an option to the extent it was exercisable
on the date of termination and for a period of time after termination. 

In
2009, the shareholders of the Corporation approved, a 2009 Stock Incentive Plan 2009 Plan ). The 2009 Plan and subsequent
awards categorized as inducement of employment authorized the issuance of up to shares of stock or options to purchase stock
of the Company (including cancelled shares reissued under the plan.) 

On
June 8, 2018, our shareholders approved the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 2018 Plan ). The 2018 Plan authorized the issuance
of up to shares of our common stock in the form of equity-based awards. Because no registration on Form S-8 was filed for these
additional shares within 12 months of approval by our shareholders, those additional shares are not available for issuance in the normal
course. On June 17, 2022, our shareholders approved of the issuance of shares to this plan. 

The
Company, at the discretion of the board, may issue options in excess of the total available, if options related to that stock plan are
cancelled. In some cases, not all shares that are available to a stock plan are issued, as the Company is unable to issue options to
a previous plan when a new plan is in place. 

The
Company recognized share based compensation expense of approximately and in 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, there was unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock option grants. There were approximately 
performance-based grants for which the underlying performance threshold had not been met as of December 31, 2022. 

Warrants 

In
connection with the Series A Offering, in 2020 the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock for per share. During 2020, warrants were exercised in cash-less exchange for shares of the Company s
common stock. In January and February 2021, the remaining warrants were exercised in a cash-less exchange for shares
of the Company s common stock. 

The
Series D Offering also included warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of
the lower of per share or of the lowest daily volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock during the 10 trading days
prior to the date of exercise. If unexercised, these warrants expire December 1, 2024. 

The
Company has applied the Black-Scholes model to value stock-based awards. That model incorporates various assumptions in the valuation
of stock-based awards relating to the risk-free rate of interest to be applied, the estimated dividend yield and expected volatility
of the Company s Common Stock. The risk-free rate of interest is the U.S. Treasury yield curve for periods within the expected
term of the option at the time of grant. The expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s Common Stock. 

The
valuation assumptions we have applied to determine the value of warrants granted in 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 

Historical
stock price volatility: The Company used the weekly closing price to calculate historical annual volatility. 

Risk-free
interest rate: The Company bases the risk-free interest rate on the rate payable on US treasury securities with a similar maturity in
effect at the time of the grant, which was and , during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Expected
life: The expected life of the warrants represents the period of time warrants were expected to be outstanding. The Company used an expected
life of years for all warrants granted during 2022 and 2021. 

Dividend
yield: The estimate for dividend yield is , as the Company did not issue dividends during 2022 or 2021 and does not expect to do so
in the foreseeable future. 

Estimated
forfeitures: When estimating forfeitures, the Company considers historical terminations as well as anticipated retirements. 

Granted 
 - 

Cancelled/Expired 
 - 

Exercised/Issued 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 - 

Granted 
 - 
 
 - 

Cancelled/Expired 
 - 

Exercised/Issued 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 - 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

As
there are no active stock options, there is aggregate intrinsic value (the difference between the closing price of the Company s
common stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options)
that would have been received by the option holders had all the holders exercised their options on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The warrants have an intrinsic value of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Series B Preferred Stock 

Shares reserved as of December 31, 2022 

Loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 - 

Deemed dividends on preferred stock and amortization of beneficial conversion feature 

Loss from continuing operations attributable to Yunhong CTI Ltd common shareholders 

(Gain)/loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 - 

Loss from discontinued operations attributable to Yunhong CTI Ltd common shareholders 
 - 

Basic and Diluted loss per common share: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 
 - 

Total 

Basic and Diluted weighted average number of shares and equivalent shares of common stock outstanding 

Film Products 

Other 

Total 

million for the year ended December 31, 2019, respectively, related to CTI Europe, and CTI Balloons. The charges for the year ended
December 31, 2019 were comprised of the following: M inventory, allowance for doubtful accounts; and for other assets. 

In
October 2019, we determined that we would not renew our Trademark License Agreement with SC Johnson when it expired on December 31, 2019.
Under this Agreement, we were licensed to manufacture and sell a line of vacuum sealing machines and pouches under the Ziploc Brand
Vacuum Sealer System. The terms of the Agreement included a run-off provision which allowed us to sell products under the Ziploc 
trademark for 90 days after the end of the Agreement. Our exit of the Ziploc product line is considered a strategic shift and will
have a major effect on our operations and financial results on a go forward basis therefore, this product line has been presented as
discontinued operations and was abandoned as of March 31, 2020. The Ziploc product line recorded losses from discontinued operations,
net of taxes of for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Ziploc product line recorded income from discontinued operations,
net of taxes of for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

In
October 2021, the Company sold its interest in Flexo Universal (its subsidiary in Mexico that manufactured latex balloons). This transaction
was recorded during the fourth quarter of 2021. The Company recorded an expense of approximately million associated with this transaction,
as well as the reversal of previously recognized Other Comprehensive Income charges of approximately million, for the year ended December
31, 2021. The Company received an aggregate of from the sale date until December 31, 2021, part of the it received
in consideration of the sale As of December 31, 2021, the Company had a note receivable associated with the transaction of ,
which was subsequently collected over the course of 2022. 

During
January 2023, approximately million of our ERTC claims were processed and paid by the United States Government. We forwarded those
receipts to the third party factoring entity, and recognized approximately million of related deferred income. 

During
February 2023, the investor of Series B preferred converted into approximately million shares of common stock. After that event,
we no longer have any outstanding preferred stock. 

F- 24 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Yunhong CTI, Ltd., and Subsidiaries on Form S-8 (File
Nos. 333-76006, 333-76008 and 333-169442) of our report dated April 12, 2023, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial
statements of Yunhong CTI, Ltd., as of December 31, 2022, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Yunhong CTI, Ltd.
Our report on the consolidated financial statements includes an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt regarding Yunhong
CTI, Ltd. s ability to continue as a going concern. 

/s/
BF Borgers CPA PC 

 BF
Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 5041) 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 

 Lakewood, CO 

 April
12, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit 23.2 

INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Yunhong CTI, Ltd., and Subsidiaries on Form S-8 (File Nos.
333-76006, 333-76008 and 333-169442) of our report dated April 15, 2022, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements
of Yunhong CTI, Ltd., as of December 31, 2021, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Yunhong CTI, Ltd. Our report on
the consolidated financial statements includes an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt regarding Yunhong CTI, Ltd. s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

/s/
RBSM LLP 

 RBSM
LLP 

New
York, NY 

 April
12, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Frank Cesario, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Yunhong CTI Ltd.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
April 12, 2023 

/s/
 Frank Cesario 

Frank
 Cesario, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Frank Cesario, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Yunhong CTI Ltd.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
April 12, 2023 

/s/
 Frank Cesario 

Frank
 Cesario 
 Acting
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Yunhong CTI Ltd. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Frank Cesario, as Chief Executive
Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 Frank Cesario 

Frank
 Cesario 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date:
 April 12, 2023 

/s/
 Frank Cesario 

Frank
 Cesario 

Acting
 Chief Financial Officer 

Date:
 April 12, 2023 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to liability under that
section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Exchange Act except to the extent that this Exhibit 32 is expressly and specifically incorporated by reference in any
such filing. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ctib-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ctib-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ctib-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ctib-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

