<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230403_10-K_edgar_data_912615_0000950170-23-011597.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25586831</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1673549</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3042932</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13919107</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2033576</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4315018</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-011597.hdr.sgml : 20230403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403162516
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-011597
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			URBAN OUTFITTERS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000912615
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-FAMILY CLOTHING STORES [5651]
		IRS NUMBER:				232003332
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22754
		FILM NUMBER:		23793005

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5000 SOUTH BROAD STREET
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2154545500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5000 SOUTH BROAD STREET
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-011597.txt : 20230403

10-K
 1
 urbn-20230131.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock on March 27, 2023 was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

9 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

17 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

17 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

18 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

18 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

19 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

19 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

20 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

32 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

32 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

32 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

32 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

33 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

35 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

37 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

37 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

37 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

38 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

39 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

41 

Signatures 

42 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 1 

Certain matters contained in this filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC may contain forward-looking statements and are being made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the words project, believe, plan, will, anticipate, expect and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any one, or all, of the following factors could cause actual financial results to differ materially from those financial results mentioned in the forward-looking statements: overall economic and market conditions (including current levels of inflation) and worldwide political events and the resultant impact on consumer spending patterns and our pricing power, the difficulty in predicting and responding to shifts in fashion trends, changes in the level of competitive pricing and promotional activity and other industry factors, the effects of the implementation of the United Kingdom's withdrawal from membership in the European Union (commonly referred to as Brexit ), including currency fluctuations, economic conditions and legal or regulatory changes, any effects of war, including geopolitical instability and impacts of the war between Russia and Ukraine and from related sanctions imposed by the United States, the European Union, United Kingdom and others, terrorism and civil unrest, natural disasters, severe or unseasonable weather conditions (including as a result of climate change) or public health crises (such as the coronavirus (COVID-19)), labor shortages and increases in labor costs, raw material costs and transportation costs, availability of suitable retail space for expansion, timing of store openings, risks associated with international expansion, seasonal fluctuations in gross sales, response to new concepts, our ability to integrate acquisitions, risks associated with digital sales, our ability to maintain and expand our digital sales channels, any material disruptions or security breaches with respect to our technology systems, the departure of one or more key senior executives, import risks (including any shortage of transportation capacities or delays at ports), changes to U.S. and foreign trade policies (including the enactment of tariffs, border adjustment taxes or increases in duties or quotas), the closing or disruption of, or any damage to, any of our distribution centers, our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, failure of our manufacturers and third-party vendors to comply with our social compliance program, risks related to environmental, social and governance activities, changes in our effective income tax rate, changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, regulatory changes and legal matters and other risks identified in our filings with the SEC, including those set forth in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. We disclaim any intent or obligation to update forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that actual results may differ materially from any projected results expressed or implied therein. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to the Company, we, us or our refer to Urban Outfitters, Inc., together with its subsidiaries. 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. B usiness 
 General 
 We are a leading lifestyle products and services company that operates a portfolio of global consumer brands comprised of the Anthropologie, Free People, FP Movement, Terrain, Urban Outfitters, Nuuly and Menus Venues brands. We have achieved compounded annual sales growth of approximately 6 over the past five years, with sales of approximately 4.8 billion during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. The COVID-19 pandemic had a negative impact on our results for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 and continued to impact our operations for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022. See Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Current Trends for further discussion. 
 We operate under three reportable segments Retail, Wholesale and Nuuly. Our Retail segment includes our store and digital channels and consists of our Anthropologie, Free People, FP Movement, Terrain, Urban Outfitters and Menus Venues brands. We have over 52 years of experience creating and managing retail stores that offer highly differentiated collections of fashion apparel, accessories and home goods, among other things, in inviting and dynamic store settings. Our core strategy is to provide unified environments that establish emotional bonds with the customer, through Company-owned stores and franchisee-owned stores. In addition to retail stores, we offer our products and services directly to our customers through our websites, mobile applications, social media and third-party digital platforms, catalogs and customer contact centers. The Menus Venues brand includes various casual dining concepts and event venues. 
 We operate a Wholesale segment under the Free People, FP Movement and Urban Outfitters brands. The Wholesale segment sells through department and specialty stores worldwide, digital businesses and our Retail segment. The Wholesale segment primarily designs, develops and markets apparel, intimates and activewear. 
 Our Nuuly segment consists of the Nuuly brand, which includes Nuuly Rent and Nuuly Thrift and offers customers a more sustainable way to explore fashion. Nuuly Rent is a monthly women s apparel subscription rental service. Nuuly Thrift, which launched in October 2021, is a peer-to-peer resale marketplace where customers can buy and sell any brand of women s, men s and kids apparel, shoes and accessories. 
 Milestones in our Company s growth are as follows: 
 1970: First Urban Outfitters store opened near the University of Pennsylvania campus in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 

1976: Incorporated in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania 

1984: Free People Wholesale division established 

1992: First Anthropologie store opened in Wayne, Pennsylvania 

1993: Initial public offering of URBN shares on NASDAQ 

1998: First European Urban Outfitters store opened in London; Anthropologie website launched 

1999: Urban Outfitters website launched 

2002: First Free People store opened in the Garden State Plaza Mall in Paramus, New Jersey 

2004: Free People website launched 

2008: First Terrain garden center opened in Glen Mills, Pennsylvania 

2009: First European Anthropologie store opened in London 

2018: Urban Outfitters Wholesale division established; first European Free People store opened in Amsterdam 

2019: Launch of Nuuly Rent, a subscription rental service 

2020: First FP Movement store opened in Los Angeles, California 

Our Retail segment omni-channel strategy enhances our customers brand experience by providing a seamless approach to the customer shopping experience. All available Company-owned Retail segment shopping channels are fully integrated, including retail locations, websites, mobile applications, catalogs and customer contact centers. Our investments in areas such as marketing campaigns and technology advancements are designed to generate demand for the Retail segment omni-channel and not the separate store or digital channels. We manage and analyze our performance based on a single Retail segment omni-channel rather than separate channels and believe that the Retail segment omni-channel results present the most meaningful and appropriate measure of our performance. 
 Our fiscal year ends on January 31. All references to our fiscal years refer to the fiscal years ended on January 31 in those years. For example, our fiscal 2023 ended on January 31, 2023. 
 1 
 
 Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed with, or furnished to, the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our investor relations website, www.urbn.com/investor-relations , as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. We will voluntarily provide electronic or paper copies (other than exhibits) of our filings free of charge upon written request. You may also obtain any materials we file with, or furnish to, the SEC on its website at www.sec.gov. 
 Retail Segment 
 Urban Outfitters. Urban Outfitters targets young adults aged 18 to 28 through a unique merchandise mix, compelling store environment, social media and third-party digital platforms, websites and mobile applications. We have established a reputation with these young adults, who are culturally sophisticated, self-expressive and actively engaged with their peer group. The product offering includes women s and men s fashion apparel, activewear, intimates, footwear, accessories, home goods, electronics and beauty. A large portion of our merchandise is exclusive to Urban Outfitters, consisting of an assortment of products designed internally and designed in collaboration with third-party brands. Stores average approximately 9,000 square feet of selling space. Our stores are located in street locations in large metropolitan areas and select university communities, specialty centers and enclosed malls that accommodate our customers propensity not only to shop, but also to congregate with their peers. 
 As of January 31, 2023, we operated 263 Urban Outfitters stores, of which 183 were located in the United States, 18 were located in Canada and 62 were located in Europe, and sold merchandise through franchisee-owned stores in the Middle East. We plan to open approximately 8 Urban Outfitters stores and close approximately 8 Urban Outfitters stores due to lease expiration, globally, in fiscal 2024. We plan for future store growth to come from expansion domestically and internationally, which may include opening stores in new and existing markets or entering into additional franchise or joint venture agreements. Urban Outfitters operates websites and mobile applications in North America and Europe that capture the spirit of the brand by offering a similar yet broader selection of merchandise as found in its stores. We plan for future digital channel growth to come from expansion domestically and internationally. Urban Outfitters North American Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 23.0 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023. European Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 8.9 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023. 
 Anthropologie Group. The Anthropologie Group consists of the Anthropologie and Terrain brands. 
 The Anthropologie brand tailors its merchandise and inviting store environment to sophisticated and contemporary women aged 28 to 45. The Anthropologie brand s unique and eclectic internally designed and third-party brand product assortment includes women s apparel, accessories, intimates, shoes, home furnishings, a diverse array of gifts and decorative items and beauty and wellness. The brand also has a wedding collection consisting of wedding dresses, bridesmaid dresses, party dresses, bridal accessories and decor. A catalog is offered in North America that markets select merchandise, most of which is also available in Anthropologie brand stores. 
 The Terrain brand is designed to appeal to women and men interested in a creative and sophisticated outdoor living and gardening experience. Terrain s product offering includes lifestyle home, garden and outdoor living products, antiques, live plants, flowers, wellness products and accessories. 
 As of January 31, 2023, we operated 238 Anthropologie Group stores, of which 207 were located in the United States, 10 were located in Canada and 21 were located in Europe, and sold merchandise through franchisee-owned stores in the Middle East. Stores average approximately 8,000 square feet of selling space. Our stores are located in specialty centers, upscale street locations and enclosed malls. We plan to open approximately 8 Anthropologie Group stores and close approximately 6 Anthropologie Group stores due to lease expiration, globally, in fiscal 2024. We plan for future store growth to come from expansion domestically and internationally, which may include opening stores in new and existing markets or entering into additional franchise or joint venture agreements. The Anthropologie Group operates websites and mobile applications in North America and Europe that capture the spirit of its brands by offering a similar yet broader selection of merchandise as found in its stores, and offers a catalog in North America that markets select merchandise, most of which is also available in Anthropologie brand stores. We plan for future digital channel growth to come from expansion domestically and internationally. The Anthropologie Group s North American Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 39.6 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023. European Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 1.8 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023. 
 Free People Group. The Free People Group consists of the Free People and FP Movement brands. 
 Our Free People and FP Movement retail stores primarily offer private label merchandise targeted to young contemporary women aged 25 to 30. The Free People brand offers a unique merchandise mix of casual women s apparel, intimates, FP Movement activewear, shoes, accessories, home products, gifts and beauty and wellness. The FP Movement brand offers performance-ready activewear, beyond-the-gym staples and wellness essentials. Retail stores average approximately 2,000 square feet of selling space. Our stores are located in enclosed malls, upscale street locations and specialty centers. 
 2 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, we operated 188 Free People Group stores, of which 174 were located in the United States, 3 were located in Canada and 11 were located in Europe. Of the 188 Free People Group stores open as of January 31, 2023, 31 were FP Movement stores, all located in the United States. We plan to open approximately 17 new Free People Group stores (including 10 FP Movement stores) and close approximately 1 Free People Group store due to lease expiration, globally, in fiscal 2024. We plan for future store growth to come from expansion domestically and internationally, which may include opening stores in new and existing markets or entering into franchise or joint venture agreements. The Free People Group operates websites and mobile applications in North America and Europe that capture the spirit of the brand by offering a similar yet broader selection of merchandise as found in its stores, as well as substantially all of the Free People and FP Movement wholesale offerings. The Free People Group also offers catalogs that market select merchandise, most of which is also available in our Free People and FP Movement stores. We plan for future digital channel growth to come from expansion domestically and internationally. The Free People Group s North American Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 17.5 for fiscal 2023. European Retail segment net sales accounted for less than 1.0 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023. 
 Menus Venues. The Menus Venues brand focuses on a dining and event experience that provides excellence in food, beverage and service. As of January 31, 2023, we operated 11 locations, all of which were located in the United States. We plan to open approximately two locations and close approximately one location in fiscal 2024. The Menus Venues brand net sales accounted for less than 1.0 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023. 
 Wholesale Segment 
 The Wholesale segment consists of the Free People, FP Movement and Urban Outfitters brands. The Wholesale segment was established in 1984 with the Free People brand to develop, in conjunction with Urban Outfitters, private label apparel lines of young women s casual wear that could be effectively sold in Urban Outfitters stores and later began selling to department and specialty stores worldwide. The Urban Outfitters wholesale division designs and sells the BDG and other own brand apparel collections to select department stores. We display our wholesale products in certain department stores using a shop-within-shop sales model. We believe that the shop-within-shop model allows for a more complete merchandising of our products, which allows us to differentiate ourselves from our competition and further strengthens each brand s image. The Wholesale segment s range of young women s contemporary casual apparel, intimates, FP Movement activewear and shoes under the Free People brand and the BDG and other own brand apparel collections under the Urban Outfitters brand are sold through department and specialty stores worldwide, including Nordstrom, Dillard s, digital businesses and our Retail segment. We monitor the styles and products that are popular with our wholesale customers to give us insight into current fashion trends, helping us to better serve our retail customers. Wholesale sales and showroom facilities are located in Dallas, New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago and London. Our Wholesale segment net sales accounted for approximately 5.2 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023. 
 Nuuly Segment 
 Our Nuuly segment consists of the Nuuly brand, which includes Nuuly Rent and Nuuly Thrift. Nuuly Rent is a monthly women s apparel subscription rental service that launched in July 2019. For a monthly fee, Nuuly subscribers can select rental product from a wide selection of the Company s own brands, third-party market brands and one-of-a-kind vintage pieces via a custom-built, digital platform. Subscribers select their products each month, wear them as often as they like and then swap into new products the following month. Subscribers are also able to purchase the rented product. Nuuly Thrift, which launched in October 2021, is a peer-to-peer resale marketplace where customers can buy and sell any brand of women s, men s and kids apparel, shoes and accessories from any brands. Sellers on Nuuly Thrift can transfer their earnings to their bank account or convert them to Nuuly Cash, a gift card with a bonus to be used at any of the Company s brands. Nuuly Thrift earns a commission based on sales made in the marketplace. Nuuly segment net sales accounted for approximately 2.7 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023. 
 Store Environment 
 We create a unified environment in our stores that establishes an emotional bond with the customer. Every element of the environment is tailored to the aesthetic preferences of our target customers. Through creative design, much of the existing retail space is modified to incorporate a mosaic of fixtures, finishes and revealed architectural details. In our stores, merchandise is integrated into a variety of creative vignettes and displays designed to offer our customers an entire look at a distinct lifestyle. This dynamic visual merchandising and display technique provides the connection among the store design, the merchandise and the customer. Essential components of the ambiance of each store may include playing music that appeals to our target customers, using unique signage and employing a staff that understands and identifies with the target customer. 
 Our Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie Group and Free People Group stores are primarily located in upscale street locations, free-standing locations, enclosed malls and specialty centers. We plan for our store environment and location strategy to remain consistent over the next several years. 
 3 
 
 Buying and Design Operations 
 Maintaining a constant flow of fresh and fashionable merchandise is critically important to our ongoing performance. We maintain our own buying groups that select and develop products to satisfy our target customers and provide us with the appropriate amount and timing of products offered. Our buyers stay in touch with the evolving tastes of their target customers by shopping at major trade markets, attending national and regional trade shows and staying current with mass media influences, including social media, music, video, film, magazines and pop culture. 
 Our buyers and designers play an important role in our ability to identify and deliver the latest fashion trends to our customers. The success of our brands relies upon our ability to attract, train and retain talented, highly motivated buying and design employees. In addition to management training programs for both newly hired and existing employees, we have a number of retention programs that offer qualitative and quantitative performance-based incentives. 
 Merchandise 
 Our Urban Outfitters brand offers a wide array of eclectic merchandise, including women s and men s fashion apparel, activewear, intimates, footwear, accessories, home products, electronics and beauty. Our Anthropologie brand product offerings include women s apparel, accessories, intimates, shoes, home furnishings, a diverse array of gifts and decorative items, beauty and wellness and a wedding collection consisting of wedding dresses, bridesmaid dresses, party dresses, bridal accessories and decor. Our Terrain brand product offerings include lifestyle home, garden and outdoor living products, antiques, live plants, flowers, wellness products and accessories. Our Free People brand offers a showcase for casual women s apparel, intimates, FP Movement activewear, shoes, accessories, home products, gifts and beauty and wellness. Our FP Movement brand offers performance-ready activewear, beyond-the-gym staples and wellness essentials. Our Nuuly brand allows subscribers to select rental product from a wide selection of the Company s own brands, third-party market brands and one-of-a-kind vintage pieces. Our merchandise is continuously updated to appeal to our target customers changing tastes and is supplied by a large number of domestic and foreign vendors, with new shipments of merchandise arriving at our stores and fulfillment centers almost daily. 
 The wide breadth of merchandise offered by our brands includes a combination of national third-party brands, private label product designed in collaboration with third-party brands and exclusive merchandise developed and designed internally by our brands. This combination allows us to offer fashionable merchandise and to differentiate our product mix from that of traditional department stores, as well as that of other specialty and digital retailers. Private label and exclusive merchandise generally yields higher gross profit margins than third-party branded merchandise, and helps to keep our product offerings current and unique. 
 The ever-changing mix of products available to our customers allows us to adapt our merchandise to prevailing fashion trends, and together with the inviting atmosphere and experience of our stores, social media and third-party digital platforms, websites and mobile applications encourages our core customers to visit our shopping channels frequently. 
 We select price points for our merchandise that are consistent with the spending patterns of our target customers. As such, our stores carry merchandise at a wide range of price points that may vary considerably within product categories. 
 Store Operations 
 We have organized our retail store operations by brand into geographic areas or districts that each have a district leader. District leaders are responsible for several stores and monitor and supervise individual store leaders. Each store leader is responsible for overseeing the daily operations of one of our stores. In addition to a store leader, the staff of a store can include a combination of some or all of the following positions: a visual merchandising manager, several department managers and full and part-time sales and visual staff. 
 An essential requirement for the success of our stores is our ability to attract, train and retain talented, highly motivated store leaders, visual merchandising managers and other key employees. In addition to management training programs for both newly hired and existing employees, we have a number of retention programs that offer qualitative and quantitative performance-based incentives to district-level leaders and store leaders. 
 Marketing and Promotion 
 We believe we have highly effective marketing tools in our websites, mobile applications, catalogs, email campaigns and social media and third-party digital platforms. We refresh this media as frequently as daily to reflect the most cutting edge trends in fashion and culture. We also believe that highly visible store locations, broad merchandise selection and creative and visual presentation within our stores, on our websites and on our mobile applications entice our customers to explore these channels and purchase merchandise. Consequently, we rely on these elements, as well as the brand recognition created by our direct marketing activities, to draw customers to our omni-channel operations. Marketing activities for each of our brand s retail stores may include special event promotions and a variety of public relations activities designed to create community awareness of our stores and products. We also are active in social media and third-party digital platforms. We believe that the traditional method of a one-way communication to customers is no longer 
 4 
 
 enough. We believe that by starting a conversation and interacting directly with our customers, most notably via Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, Pinterest and Google and our own mobile applications, we are more effective at understanding and serving their fashion needs. 
 Customer Loyalty Programs 
 Loyalty programs offer customers access to member-only benefits and rewards, which promotes brand loyalty. The Urban Outfitters brand offers UO Rewards, a customer loyalty program designed to create authentic, lasting relationships with customers by rewarding devoted members with reward coupons, exclusive offers and unique experiences. Members can earn and accumulate points based on purchase activity and engaging with the brand through social media. Upon reaching the specified point threshold, members are issued a reward coupon which can be redeemed for both in-store and online purchases. 
 The Anthropologie brand offers AnthroPerks. AnthroPerks is a customer loyalty program that is designed to deliver benefits and experiences to help make our customers shopping journey in-store and online easier and more inspirational. Members are given free shipping benefits, birthday discounts, receipt look up, exclusive offers, early access to special collections and invitations to Anthro Events experiences. 
 In February 2021, we began testing a paid loyalty program called UP. In exchange for an annual fee, UP provides membership benefits across our entire portfolio of brands, including a gift card, free standard shipping and free returns on all orders, a discount on orders, early access to products and exclusive events and a discount on the monthly Nuuly subscription fee. We plan to continue our test pilot through fiscal 2024. 
 Suppliers 
 To serve our target customers and to recognize changes in fashion trends and seasonality, we purchase merchandise from numerous foreign and domestic vendors, the majority of which is settled in U.S. dollars. We also have arrangements with agents and third-party manufacturers to produce our private label and exclusive merchandise. To the extent that our vendors are located overseas or, in the case of third-party vendors, rely on overseas sources for a large portion of their merchandise, any event causing a disruption of imports, such as the imposition of increased security or regulatory requirements applicable to imported goods, war, public health concerns (including global pandemics such as COVID-19), acts of terrorism, natural disasters (including as a result of climate change), port security considerations or labor disputes, financial or political instability in any of the countries in which merchandise we purchase is manufactured, the effects of Brexit, changes to U.S. or foreign trade policies, including the enactment of tariffs, border adjustment taxes, or increases in duties or quotas, disruption in the supply of fabrics or raw materials, transportation capacity shortages and delays, increases in the cost of fuel or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could adversely affect our business. During fiscal 2023, we purchased merchandise from approximately 5,000 vendors located throughout the world. No single vendor or manufacturer accounted for more than 10 of merchandise purchased during that time. We do not believe that the loss of any one vendor would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Company Operations 
 Distribution. We operate seven distribution and fulfillment centers worldwide to support our Retail and Wholesale segments in the United States, Europe and Canada, including the fulfillment of catalog, website and mobile application orders around the world. We own a 291,000 square foot distribution center in Gap, Pennsylvania, which receives and distributes approximately half of our retail store merchandise in North America. We lease a 214,500 square foot distribution center located in Reno, Nevada that receives and distributes the remaining half of our retail store merchandise in North America. We own and operate a 1,000,000 square foot fulfillment center in Gap, Pennsylvania, which performs Retail and Wholesale segment fulfillment services, including inventory warehousing, receiving and customer shipping. We own and operate a 463,000 square foot fulfillment center located in Reno, Nevada, that is primarily used to house and distribute merchandise to our western United States digital customers. We own and operate an approximately 956,000 square foot fulfillment center in Indiana, Pennsylvania, that primarily stores and distributes home products, home furnishings and electronics for the North American Retail segment. We own and operate an approximately 400,000 square foot omni-channel fulfillment center in Peterborough, England that supports our European Retail and Wholesale segments. We began construction on the facility during fiscal 2020 and completed the installation of the remaining material handling equipment and became fully operational during fiscal 2022. Once the Peterborough facility was fully operational, we exited our existing distribution and fulfillment centers in Rushden, England during fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2021, we purchased land in Kansas City, Kansas for the development of an approximately 880,000 square foot omni-channel fulfillment center. Construction of the facility began in fiscal 2021 and is expected to be fully operational during fiscal 2024. The facility will support the growth and expansion of our Retail segment business in North America by providing more efficient and faster inventory processing, as well as faster and more consistent delivery times to our stores and digital customers. To support Retail segment customer demand until the omni-channel fulfillment center is operational, we signed a short-term lease in fiscal 2022 for an approximately 401,000 square foot fulfillment center located in Kansas City, Missouri. 
 We operate two fulfillment centers in the United States to conduct our Nuuly Rent operations. We lease a 309,000 square foot fulfillment center located in Bristol, Pennsylvania, and we also lease a 227,000 square foot warehouse located in Fairless Hills, 
 5 
 
 Pennsylvania. We plan to open a 604,000 square foot fulfillment center located in Raymore, Missouri, which will be used to further support our Nuuly Rent operations. The lease will commence in fiscal 2024. 
 Information Systems. We recognize the need for high-quality information to manage merchandise planning, buying, inventory management and control functions and have therefore invested in a retail software package that meets our processing and reporting requirements. We utilize point-of-sale register systems connected by a secure data network to our home offices. Additionally, our stores have mobile point-of-sale devices that have virtually the same functionality as our cash registers. These systems provide for register efficiencies, timely customer checkout and instant back office access to register information, as well as daily updates of sales, inventory data and price changes. Our digital channel, which includes our websites, mobile applications and catalogs, maintains separate software systems that manage the merchandise and customer information for our customer contact centers and fulfillment functions. Our Wholesale segment uses a separate software system for customer service, order entry, production planning and inventory management. Nuuly Rent uses a custom-built digital platform that helps us manage merchandising functions, customer information and service, financial accounting and fulfillment of customer orders. Nuuly Thrift uses a custom-built digital platform that helps us manage peer-to-peer resale marketplace operational functions, customer information and service and financial accounting. We host digital and business applications across cloud infrastructure as well as have our own fully redundant data centers, located at our home offices in the Philadelphia Navy Yard and at our Reno fulfillment center. All systems are fully redundant and have full disaster recovery plans either within our cloud providers or our own data centers. 
 Competition 
 Our Retail and Wholesale segments compete with individual and chain fashion specialty brands as well as department stores, both in stores and online, in highly competitive domestic and international markets. Our Retail segment competes on the basis of, among other things, the location of our stores, website, mobile application and catalog presentation, website and mobile application design and functionality, the breadth, quality, style, price and availability of our merchandise and the level of customer service offered. Although we believe that the eclectic mix of products and the unique store and digital experiences offered by our Retail segment help differentiate us, it also means that our stores compete against a wide variety of smaller, independent specialty retailers, as well as department stores and national specialty chains. Some of our competitors have substantially greater name recognition as well as greater access to financial, marketing and other resources. Our Anthropologie Group and Free People Group stores also face competition from small boutiques that offer an individualized shopping experience similar to the one we strive to provide to our target customers. In addition, some of our third-party vendors offer products directly to consumers and certain of our competitors. 
 Along with certain Retail segment competitive factors noted above, other key factors for our digital channel include website and mobile application availability, the effectiveness of our customer lists and the speed and accuracy of our merchandise delivery. Additionally, our digital channel competes against numerous websites, mobile applications, catalogs and digital marketplaces, which may have a greater volume of circulation and web traffic or more effective marketing through online media and social networking sites. 
 Our Wholesale segment competes with numerous wholesale companies on the basis of quality, price, performance and fashion of our merchandise offerings. Many of our Wholesale segment competitors have a wider product distribution network. In addition, certain of our wholesale competitors have greater name recognition and greater financial, marketing and other resources than us. 
 Our Nuuly Rent business operates in an evolving apparel subscription rental market in which our competitors offer varying types of subscription rental models and products that may have greater appeal to consumers. Our Nuuly Thrift business operates in a developing apparel and accessories resale market in which our competitors have sellers and products that may have greater appeal to customers. 
 Trademarks and Service Marks 
 We are the registered owner in the United States of certain service marks and trademarks, including, but not limited to Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie, Free People, Bhldn, Terrain, BDG, FP Movement, Nuuly and URBN. Each mark is renewable indefinitely, contingent upon continued use at the time of renewal. In addition, we currently have pending registration applications with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office covering certain other marks. We also own marks that have been registered in foreign countries, and have applications for marks pending in additional foreign countries. We regard our marks as important to our business due to their name recognition with our customers. We are not aware of any valid claims of infringement or challenges to our right to use any of our marks in the United States. 
 
 6 
 
 Environmental, Social Governance (ESG) 
 Impact Report 
 Lead With Creativity... to Make an Impact describes the Company's strategy to apply our creative thinking and entrepreneurial mindset to responsible business practices that benefit our employees, shareholders, customers and the planet. Our work in this area is organized into six ambitions across two pillars respecting our planet and respecting our people. Each ambition has specific, actionable objectives. 
 Pillar I - Respect our Planet : The Company strives to operate in a responsible way, consciously choosing our materials and partners. The Company is establishing new and growing existing initiatives designed to support our business and maximize our positive impact on the planet. 
 Invest in Circularity 

Reduce Waste 

Utilize Better Materials 

Increase Cleaner Energy 

Pillar II - Respect our People : Our people are at the heart of what we do. We aim to cultivate a creative entrepreneurial spirit in every employee, empower everyone involved in our supply chain, and always put our customer first. 
 Cultivate Community 

Improve Supply Chain Transparency 

The Company maintains an Impact Committee, co-chaired by our Chief Sourcing and Chief Administration Officers and reporting to our Nominating and Governance Committee, to set sustainability policies and goals, provide oversight of those policies and track and report progress toward our goals. 
 Additional information relating to Lead With Creativity... to Make an Impact can be found in our 2021-2022 Impact Report, covering the period from October 1, 2021 through September 30, 2022, which is available at our website at www.urbn.com/impact . The Company plans to provide an update on key metrics annually and release an Impact Report biannually. The content of our Impact Report is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. See Item 1A Risk Factors Legal, Tax, Regulatory and Compliance Risks Manufacturers and third-party vendors may not comply with our legal and social compliance program requirements, and we may be subject to risks related to environmental, social and governance activities which could adversely affect our reputation, for more information on our environmental, social and governance activities. 
 Human Capital 
 The Company is built on self-expression and individuality. We are passionate about celebrating everyone for who they are and the unique perspectives they bring to the table. We value diversity and strive to promote inclusion throughout our entire community. 
 Employees. As of January 31, 2023, we employed approximately 26,000 people, approximately 47 of whom were full-time employees. The number of part-time employees fluctuates depending on seasonal needs. Of our total employees, approximately 1 work in the Wholesale segment, 4 work in the Nuuly segment and the remaining 95 work in our Retail segment. Except in certain international locations, our employees are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that our relations with our employees are excellent. 
 Human Capital Oversight . The Board of Directors, as well as the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee (the Compensation Committee ), oversee human capital management programs and efforts. The Compensation Committee has formal oversight over the Company s policies and strategies relating to its human capital management including policies, processes and strategies relating to employee recruitment, retention and development, workforce diversity and workplace and employment practices. The Compensation Committee regularly receives reports on talent, succession planning and diversity and inclusion. On a quarterly basis, the Compensation Committee receives a talent dashboard with key metrics including employee survey feedback and turnover information. The Compensation Committee engages periodically on compensation program design for employees at various levels. 
 Talent Acquisition, Development and Retention. The Company aims to be the leading destination for creative and entrepreneurial talent in the specialty fashion market. Hiring, retaining and developing talented employees is critically important to our operations and the future success of our business. Our talent strategy is focused on attracting the best employees, recognizing and rewarding their performance, and continually developing, engaging and retaining them. Through our unique culture, competitive compensation and benefits, development, training, coaching and mentorship programs and collaborative recruiting process, we believe we are positioned to attract top talent and drive high levels of performance, engagement and retention. We invest in our employees through accessible 
 7 
 
 resources and structured training programs that offer all employees opportunities for development. We create, manage or offer a large collection of courses for employees that cover a range of subjects such as onboarding, diversity and inclusion fundamentals, tactical tools to support completion of job functions, support for compliance, well-being and a respectful workplace, skills and tools to lead with confidence, inspire and connect authentically and courses to build skills and knowledge to support sound judgment and strong decision-making. 
 Compensation, Benefits and Wellness . We aim to offer competitive compensation and category leading benefits to our employees. Varying by level, our compensation strategy is built around providing a mix of salary or hourly pay, cash based short-term incentives, and equity based long-term incentives to employees. In addition, we offer a comprehensive suite of health and retirement benefits, including medical, dental and prescription drug coverage, paid parental leave, medical travel, fertility and family building benefits, 401(k) and Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan NQDC matching contributions, paid volunteer opportunities and a generous employee discount. Our home office in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania includes a state-of-the-art fitness center, walkable river paths, and spacious dog parks, fostering employee health, wellness, and engagement. Following our experience with remote work during the COVID-19 pandemic, depending on business needs, individual performance, and other factors, we permit employees to work under a hybrid mix of in-person and remote work, fully in-office or fully remote positions as necessary to meet business needs while providing employees flexibility to match their own preferences. 
 Diversity and Inclusion. We are committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive culture that values and respects diversity of all kinds. Women hold key leadership positions throughout the Company, including positions on our Board of Directors and executive team. Our diversity and inclusion commitments focus on building an inclusive community, finding and developing the best talent possible and supporting our local communities. We maintain a Diversity Inclusion Committee which is tasked with reporting and recommending actions aligned to those commitments to our executive team. In 2021, based on a recommendation from the Diversity Inclusion Committee, we worked with employees to create a suite of Employee Resource Groups ERGs ). Our ERGs empower employees to share their voices, ideas and passions with the Diversity Inclusion Committee and the Company community at large. In addition to the ERGs, the executive team has engaged in the design and implementation of a listening strategy, which includes an all-company engagement survey. We include diversity and inclusion initiatives as bonus goals for members of the executive team to drive progress towards our goals. We have offered bias training to our entire field and home office organization and fulfillment center management. We have integrated diversity and inclusion fundamentals training into the onboarding experience for all home office employees, as well as field and fulfillment center salaried new hires and have engaged with various organizations to support our talent acquisition and development efforts in this space. In fiscal 2024, the Diversity Inclusion Committee will continue partnering with the Company s executive leadership to support and engage our diverse employees and expand the pool of available diverse talent in the fashion industry. 
 Financial Information about Operations 
 We aggregate our operations into three reportable segments, the Retail segment, the Wholesale segment and the Nuuly segment. See Note 17, Segment Reporting, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Financial Information about Geographical Areas 
 See Note 17, Segment Reporting, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding net sales and long-lived assets from domestic and foreign operations. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations in net sales and net income, with a more significant portion typically realized in the second half of each year predominantly due to the year-end holiday period. Historically, and consistent with the retail industry, this seasonality also impacts our working capital requirements, particularly with regard to inventory. 

8 
 
 Item 1A. Ris k Factors 
 
 Macroeconomic and Industry Risks 
 Our reportable segments are sensitive to economic conditions, inflation, market disruptions and other factors that affect consumer confidence and discretionary spending. 
 Consumer purchases and rentals of discretionary retail items and specialty retail products, including our products, may decline during recessionary periods and also may decline at other times when disposable income is lower. A prolonged economic downturn could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Economic conditions, both on a global level and in particular markets, may have significant effects on consumer confidence and discretionary spending that would in turn, affect our business or the retail industry generally. Some of these economic conditions include inflation, wages and employment, consumer debt, reductions in net worth based on severe market declines, residential real estate and mortgage markets, taxation, fuel and energy prices, interest rates, volatility in credit markets, credit availability, political and economic crises and other macroeconomic factors. These factors may affect consumer purchases and rentals of our merchandise and adversely impact our results of operations and continued growth. The impacts of inflation could lead us to increase prices, and if customers respond negatively to such price increases, could adversely impact our sales, gross margin and operating income. The economic conditions may also affect department stores and specialty retail businesses and impact their ability to purchase merchandise from our Wholesale segment. It is difficult to predict near term and/or future economic, capital and credit market conditions and what impact they will have on our business. 
 In addition, there is a risk that consumer confidence may decline as a result of market disruptions caused by severe weather conditions, unseasonable weather, or natural disasters, including as a result of climate change, health hazards, actual or threatened health epidemics and pandemics (such as COVID-19), terrorist activities, political crises or other major events or the prospect of these events, which could negatively impact our financial position and results of operations. The recovery we receive under any insurance we maintain for these purposes may be delayed or may be insufficient to fully offset potential losses. 
 We rely heavily on our ability to identify changes in fashion. 
 Customer tastes and fashion trends are volatile and can change rapidly. Our success depends in part on our ability to effectively predict and respond to changing fashion tastes and consumer demands, and to translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product offerings. If we are unable to predict or respond to changing styles or trends successfully or if we misjudge the market for products or new product lines, our sales may be impacted and we may be faced with a substantial amount of unsold inventory or missed opportunities. In response, we may be forced to rely on additional markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of excess, slow-moving inventory, which could decrease our revenues or gross profit margins. Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our merchandise, our manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, or we experience transportation capacity constraints and delays, we may experience inventory shortages, which may negatively impact customer relationships, diminish brand loyalty and result in lost sales. In addition, we could be at a competitive disadvantage if we are unable to leverage data analytics to obtain timely customer insights to appropriately respond to customer demands. 
 Compared to our Retail and Nuuly segments, our Wholesale segment is more sensitive to changes in fashion trends because of longer lead times in the manufacturing and sale of its apparel. Our fashion decisions, if unsuccessfully forecasted, constitute a material risk and may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Existing and increased competition in the specialty retail, wholesale apparel and apparel subscription rental industries may reduce our net revenues, profits and market share. 
 The specialty retail and wholesale apparel industries are each highly competitive. Our Retail segment competes on the basis of, among other things, the location of our stores, website, mobile application and catalog presentation, website and mobile application design, the breadth, quality, style, price and availability of our merchandise and the level of customer service offered. Our Anthropologie Group and Free People Group stores also face competition from small boutiques that offer an individualized shopping experience similar to the one we strive to provide to our target customers. 
 Additionally, the internet and other technologies facilitate competitive entry and comparison shopping in our Retail and Nuuly segments. Our digital channel competes against numerous websites, mobile applications and catalogs, which may have a greater volume of circulation and web traffic or more effective marketing through online media and social networking sites. We offer an omni-channel shopping experience for our customers and use social media and mobile applications as a way to interact with them to enhance their shopping experiences. Omni-channel retailing is constantly evolving, and we must keep pace with changing customer expectations and new developments by our competitors. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue to successfully maintain or expand our digital sales channels and respond to shifting consumer traffic patterns and digital buying trends. Our inability to adequately respond to these risks and uncertainties or successfully maintain and expand our digital business could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 9 
 
 In addition, some of our third-party vendors offer products directly to consumers and certain of our competitors. Our Wholesale segment competes with numerous wholesale companies, many of whose products have a wider distribution, based on the quality, fashion and price of its product offerings. Our Nuuly Rent business operates in an evolving apparel subscription rental market in which our competitors offer varying types of subscription rental models and products that may have greater appeal to consumers. Our Nuuly Thrift business operates in a developing apparel and accessories resale market in which our competitors have sellers and products that may have greater appeal to consumers. New competitors frequently enter, and existing competitors enter or increase their presence in, the markets in which we operate, expand their merchandise offerings, add new sales channels or change their pricing strategies, all of which affect the competitive landscape. In addition, many of our competitors have greater name recognition and greater financial, marketing and other resources than us. 
 We cannot assure you that we will continue to be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors. Changing economic and retail environments may result in our competitors forcing a markdown or promotional sales environment, which could impair our ability to achieve our historical profit margins. Our expansion into markets served by our competitors and entry of new competitors or expansion of existing competitors into our markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business depends on effective marketing to drive high customer traffic. 
 We have many initiatives in our marketing programs particularly with regard to our websites, mobile applications and our social media presence. If our competitors increase their spending on marketing, if our marketing expenses increase, if our marketing becomes less effective than that of our competitors, or if we do not adequately leverage technology and data analytics capabilities needed to generate concise competitive insight, we could experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Among other factors, (1) a failure to sufficiently innovate or maintain effective marketing strategies and (2) U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that make it more difficult or costly to digitally market, such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), may adversely impact our ability to maintain brand relevance and drive increased sales. 
 We rely significantly on international sources of production. 
 We receive a substantial portion of our apparel and other merchandise from foreign sources, both purchased directly in foreign markets and indirectly through domestic vendors with foreign sources. The majority of these purchases are settled in U.S. dollars. To the extent that our vendors are located overseas or, in the case of third-party vendors, rely on overseas sources for a large portion of their products, the following risks may adversely impact our business: 
 Any event causing a disruption of imports, including the imposition of increased security or regulatory requirements applicable to imported goods, war, public health concerns (including COVID-19), acts of terrorism, natural disasters and port security considerations or labor disputes; 

New initiatives may be proposed that may have an impact on the trading status of certain countries and may include retaliatory duties or other trade sanctions that, if enacted, could increase the cost of products purchased from suppliers in such countries or restrict the importation of products from such countries; 

Changes to U.S. and foreign trade policies, including the enactment of tariffs, border adjustment taxes, changes resulting from Brexit or increases in duties or quotas applicable to the products we sell that could increase the cost and reduce the supply of products available to us; 

Impacts of the war between Russia and Ukraine and from the related sanctions imposed by the United States, the European Union, United Kingdom and others; 

Changes resulting from the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA); 

Significant labor issues, such as strikes or shortage of workers to manage inbound vessels at any of our ports in the United States, which could make it difficult or impossible for us to bring foreign-sourced products into the United States; 

Financial or political instability in any of the countries in which the products we purchase are manufactured, if the instability affects the production or export of merchandise from those countries; 

A significant disruption in the supply of the fabrics or raw materials used by our vendors in the manufacture of our products, as our vendors may not be able to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all; 

Fluctuation in the prices of raw materials, such as cotton and synthetic fabrics, as increases in such costs can increase the cost of merchandise and potentially lead to reduced consumer demand or reduced margins; 

The shortage of transportation capacity (such as the availability of inbound ocean containers and vessels, cargo space for inbound airplanes, and trucks to transport products from ports to our distribution facilities) can result in transportation cost 

10 
 
 premiums and also delay delivery of merchandise to our distribution facilities leading to an increase in markdowns both of which can adversely affect our gross profit; 

The cost of fuel is a significant component in transportation costs; therefore, increases in petroleum prices can adversely affect our gross profit; 

Increased regulation related to environmental costs, such as carbon taxes and emissions management systems, which could adversely affect our costs of doing business, including utility, transportation and logistics costs; and 

Decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could increase the cost of products we purchase from overseas vendors. 

Our operating results fluctuate from period to period. 
 Our business experiences seasonal fluctuations in net sales and operating income, with a more significant portion of net income typically realized in the second half of each year predominantly due to the year-end holiday period. Historically, and consistent with the retail industry, this seasonality also impacts our working capital requirements, particularly with regard to inventory. Any decrease in sales or gross profit during this period, or in the availability of working capital needed in the months preceding this period, could have a more material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations than in other periods. Seasonal fluctuations also affect our inventory levels, as we usually order merchandise in advance of peak selling periods and sometimes before new fashion trends are confirmed by customer purchases. We must carry a significant amount of inventory, especially before the holiday selling periods. If we are not successful in selling our inventory during this period, we may be forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of the excess inventory or we may not be able to sell the inventory at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 War, terrorism, civil unrest, other violence, or public health crises may negatively impact availability of our merchandise, customer traffic to our stores or otherwise adversely impact our business. 
 In the event of war (including the war between Russia and Ukraine), terrorism, civil unrest or other violence, our ability to obtain merchandise available for sale in our stores or on our websites may be negatively impacted. A substantial portion of our merchandise is imported from other countries, see We rely significantly on international sources of production. If commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, our business may be adversely impacted, as we may have difficulty shipping merchandise to our distribution and fulfillment centers and stores, as well as fulfilling catalog, website and mobile application orders. 
 Our stores are located in public areas where large numbers of people typically gather. Terrorist attacks, threats of terrorist attacks, civil unrest, or health epidemics and pandemics involving public areas could cause people not to visit areas where our stores are located. In addition, other types of violence in malls or in other public areas could lead to lower customer traffic in areas in which we operate stores. If any of these events were to occur, we may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our stores in the impacted areas, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 Due to our international operations, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, certain of our subsidiaries transact in currencies other than their functional currency, including intercompany transactions, which results in foreign currency transaction gains or losses. As a result, our sales, gross profit and gross profit rate from international operations will be negatively impacted during periods of a strengthened U.S. dollar relative to the functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely impact consumer spending, delay or prevent successful penetration into new markets or adversely affect the profitability of our international operations. Certain events, such as the uncertainty as to the on-going hostilities in Ukraine, the ultimate scope and duration of COVID-19, and uncertainty with respect to trade policies, tariffs and government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, have increased global economic and political uncertainty in recent years and could result in volatility of foreign currency exchange rates as these events develop. 
 We hold a portion of our cash and cash equivalents that we use to meet our working capital and operating expense needs in deposit accounts, and our liquidity and operations could be adversely affected if a financial institution holding such funds fails. 
 We hold a portion of our cash and cash equivalents in deposit accounts at multiple financial institutions. The balance held in these accounts typically exceeds the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, standard deposit insurance limit of 250,000 per depositor and per institution. If a financial institution in which we hold such funds fails or is subject to significant adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets, we could be subject to a risk of loss of all or a portion of such uninsured funds or be subject to a delay in accessing all or a portion of our funds. Any such loss or lack of timely access to these funds could adversely impact our short-term liquidity and operations. 
 11 
 
 The Coronavirus pandemic has and may continue to materially and adversely affect our business operations globally. 
 The continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic are highly unpredictable and volatile and are affecting certain of our business operations, demand for our products and services, in-stock positions, costs of doing business, availability of labor, access to inventory, supply chain operations, our ability to predict future performance, and our financial performance, among other things. The extent to which the coronavirus pandemic will continue to impact our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the resurgence of the coronavirus and its related variants, the efficacy of the vaccine and related vaccination efforts and regulatory actions taken to mitigate the impacts of the coronavirus pandemic. 
 Since 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in widespread and continuing impacts on the global economy and on our employees, customers, suppliers and other people and entities with which we do business. The pandemic has and may continue to impact the global supply chain, which would negatively affect the flow or availability of our products. Further, customer demand for certain products has and may continue to fluctuate as customer behaviors change as a result of the pandemic, which may challenge our ability to anticipate and/or adjust inventory levels to meet that demand. 
 Other effects and future uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 
 Evolving macroeconomic factors, including general economic uncertainty, inflation, unemployment rates, and recessionary pressures; 

Changes in labor markets affecting us and our suppliers; 

Any preventative or protective actions that governments may implement, or we may implement to protect the health and safety of our employees and customers; 

The long-term impact of the pandemic on our business, including consumer behaviors; and 

Disruption and volatility within the financial and credit markets. 

To the extent that COVID-19 continues to adversely affect the U.S. and global economy, our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition, it may also heighten other risk factors included elsewhere within this Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K. See Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Current Trends for further discussion. 
 Strategic Risks 
 We may not be successful in expanding our business, executing our omni-channel strategy, opening new retail stores or extending our existing store leases. 
 The retail environment is rapidly evolving with customer shopping preferences continuing to shift to digital channels. We have made significant investments in capital spending and labor to develop our omni-channel strategy pursuant to which all available Company-owned Retail segment shopping channels are fully integrated, including stores, websites, mobile applications, catalogs and customer contact centers. As omni-channel retailing continues to grow and evolve, our customers increasingly interact with our brands through a variety of media, including smart phones and tablets, and expect seamless integration across all touchpoints. Our success depends on our ability to introduce innovative means of engaging our customers and our ability to respond to shifting consumer traffic patterns and digital buying trends. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue to successfully maintain or expand our digital sales channels and omni-channel initiatives, or that we will realize a return on our significant investments, and failure to adequately respond to these risks and uncertainties or to successfully maintain and expand our digital business may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 Our growth strategy also depends on our ability to open and operate new retail stores on a profitable basis and to effectively extend our existing store leases. There can be no assurance that these stores will achieve long term success. Further, our operating complexity will increase as our store base grows, and we may face challenges in managing our future growth. Such growth will require that we continue to expand and improve our operating capabilities, and expand, train and manage our employee base. We may be unable to hire and train a sufficient number of qualified personnel or successfully manage our growth. 
 Our expansion prospects also depend on a number of other factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, among other things, competition, the availability of financing for capital expenditures and working capital requirements and the availability of suitable sites for new store locations on acceptable lease terms. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our store expansion goals, nor is there any assurance that our newly opened stores will achieve revenue or profitability levels comparable to those of our existing stores in the time periods estimated by us, or at all. If our stores fail to achieve, or are unable to sustain, acceptable revenue, profitability and cash flow levels, we may incur additional store asset impairment charges, significant costs associated with closing those stores or both, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 12 
 
 We may not be successful expanding our business internationally and our ability to conduct business in international markets may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory, political, economic, and public health risks. 
 Our current growth strategy includes plans to continue to open new stores, expand our digital marketing and grow our wholesale customer base and retail and digital presence internationally over the next several years. As we seek to expand internationally, we face competition from more established international competitors. In addition, international stores and digital operations have different operational characteristics, including employment and labor, transportation, logistics, real estate and legal requirements. Furthermore, consumer demand and behavior, as well as tastes and purchasing trends may differ internationally, and as a result, sales of our merchandise may not be successful, or the margins on those sales may not be in line with those we anticipate. Additionally, our ability to conduct business internationally may be adversely impacted by political, economic, and public health risks (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), as well as the global economy. Any challenges that we encounter as we expand internationally may divert financial, operational and managerial resources from our existing operations, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 To the extent we expand internationally under franchise or joint venture arrangements, we may face counterparty and/or operational risk. In addition, we are increasingly exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our revenue, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We currently do not utilize hedging instruments to mitigate these foreign currency risks. In the future, however, we may initiate strategies to hedge certain foreign currency risks that may not succeed in offsetting all of the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our business and results of operations. 
 As we continue to expand our international operations, we are subject to certain U.S. laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as well as the laws of the foreign countries in which we operate, including the U.K. Bribery Act. We are required to ensure compliance with these laws. Violations of these laws could subject us to sanctions or other penalties that could negatively affect our reputation, business and operating results. 
 The United Kingdom withdrew as a member of the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit, effective January 31, 2020. In December 2020, the United Kingdom and the European Union entered into an agreement that defines their future relationship, including terms of trade, which resulted in new tariffs on goods imported to the United Kingdom from the European Union that were manufactured elsewhere, and required additional administrative effort to import and export goods, adding friction and cost to transportation. Brexit could also result in similar referenda or votes in other European countries in which we do business. The United Kingdom s withdrawal could adversely impact consumer and investor confidence, particularly in the United Kingdom, and the level of consumer purchases of discretionary items and retail products, including our products. Any of these effects, among others, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We may not be successful in introducing additional store concepts or brands. 
 We may, from time to time, seek to develop and introduce new concepts or brands in addition to our established brands. Our ability to succeed in the early stages of new concepts could require significant capital expenditures and management attention. Additionally, any new concept is subject to certain risks, including customer acceptance, competition, product differentiation, challenges relating to economies of scale in merchandise sourcing and the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including management and designers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop and grow these or any other new concepts to a point where they will become profitable, or generate positive cash flow. If we cannot successfully develop and grow these new concepts, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 
 We may develop new concepts through acquisitions, and we may not be successful in integrating those acquisitions. 
 Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including the diversion of our management s attention from other business concerns, the possibility that current operating and financial systems and controls may be inadequate to deal with our growth and the potential loss of key employees. 
 
 We also may encounter difficulties in integrating any businesses we may acquire with our existing operations. The success of these transactions depends on our ability to successfully merge corporate cultures, operations and financial systems; realize cost reduction synergies; and, as necessary, retain key personnel of acquired companies. 
 In addition, there may be liabilities that we fail, or are unable, to discover in the course of performing due diligence investigations on any company that we may acquire, or have recently acquired. Also, there may be additional costs relating to acquisitions including, but not limited to, possible purchase price adjustments. Any of our rights to indemnification from sellers to us, even if obtained, may not be enforceable, collectible or sufficient in amount, scope or duration to fully offset the possible liabilities associated with the business 
 13 
 
 or property acquired. Any such liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Operational Risks 
 We rely on information technology systems, and a material disruption or failure of such systems could adversely affect our business. 
 The efficient operation and successful growth of our business depends upon our information systems, including our ability to operate, maintain and develop them effectively. A failure of those systems could disrupt our business, subject us to liability, damage our reputation or otherwise impact our financial results. 
 Our operations, in particular our digital sales, are subject to numerous risks, including reliance on third-party computer hardware/software, rapid technological change, liability for online content, violations of state or federal laws, including those relating to online privacy, credit card fraud, risks related to the failure of the information technology systems that operate our websites, including computer viruses, telecommunications failures and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. The potential issues associated with implementing technology initiatives and the time and resources required in seeking to optimize the benefits of new elements of our systems and infrastructure could reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. 
 We regularly evaluate our information technology systems and have implemented modifications and/or upgrades to the information technology systems that support our business. Modifications include replacing legacy systems with successor systems, making changes to legacy systems or acquiring new systems with new functionality. There are inherent risks associated with replacing and modifying our information technology systems, including inaccurate system information and system disruptions, which we may not be able to alleviate through testing, training, staging implementation and in-sourcing certain processes, or by securing appropriate commercial contracts with third-party vendors supplying such replacement and redundancy technologies; however, we may not be effective in identifying and mitigating every risk to which we are exposed. Further, if our information systems or other technologies are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our operations in the interim. Although we have not experienced any interruptions or shutdowns of our systems for any material length of time for the reasons described above, such disruptions could lead to delays in our business operations and, if significant, affect our sales and profitability. 
 If we are unable to safeguard against security breaches with respect to our information technology systems, our business and our reputation may be adversely affected. 
 During the course of business, we obtain and transmit confidential customer, employee, vendor and Company information through our information technology systems. The protection of customer, employee, vendor and Company data is critical. Although we have implemented systems and procedures that are designed to protect customer, employee, vendor and Company information, prevent data loss and other security breaches, and otherwise identify, assess, and analyze cybersecurity risks, these measures may not be effective. Development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures increase and become more sophisticated. 
 We face an evolving threat landscape in which cybercriminals, among others, employ an increasingly complex array of techniques designed to access personal data and other information, including, for example, the use of fraudulent or stolen access credentials, malware, ransomware, phishing, denial of service, supply chain and other types of attacks. Our and our suppliers and service providers information technology systems also may be damaged or disrupted, or personal or sensitive information compromised, from a number of other causes, including power outages, system failures, catastrophic events, or employee inadvertence. 
 While, to the best of our knowledge, we have not experienced any material misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential or personally identifiable information as a result of a security breach or cyber attack that could materially increase financial risk to the Company or our customers, such a security breach or cyber attack could adversely affect our business and operations, including by damaging our reputation and our relationships with our customers, employees and investors, exposing us to litigation, fines, penalties or remediation costs and inhibiting our ability to accept debit and credit cards as forms of payment. Further, because many of our corporate and showroom employees are maintaining hybrid office and remote work schedules, our business may be more vulnerable to cybersecurity breach attempts due to offsite working by employees, increased use of public Wi-Fi and use of office equipment off premises. In addition, this period of uncertainty could result in an increase in phishing and other scams, fraud, money laundering, theft and other criminal activity. 
 Our efforts to protect customer, employee, vendor and Company information may also be adversely impacted by data security or privacy breaches that occur at our third-party vendors or unrelated third parties. While we believe we are diligent in selecting vendors, systems and procedures to enable us to maintain the integrity of our systems, we recognize that there are inherent risks and we cannot assure that any future interruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized breaches or disclosures will not occur. 
 The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and changing requirements, such as the GDPR and CCPA. With a heightened degree of public awareness and scrutiny regarding information 
 14 
 
 security and privacy, customers have a high expectation that companies will adequately protect their personal information from cyber attack or other security breaches. 
 We depend on key personnel and may not be able to retain or replace these employees or recruit additional qualified personnel, which could adversely impact our business. 
 We believe that we have benefited substantially from the leadership and experience of our senior executives, including our co-founder, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Richard A. Hayne. The loss of the services of any of our senior executives could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects, as we may not be able to find suitable management personnel to replace departing executives on a timely basis. In addition, if our senior executives do not fully integrate within the structure of our management team and core business, we may be adversely affected. We do not have an employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer or most other key personnel. In addition, as our business expands, we believe that our future success will depend greatly on our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. There is a high level of competition for personnel in the retail industry. Our inability to meet our staffing requirements in the future could impair our ability to increase revenue and could otherwise harm our business. 
 Increases in labor costs, including wages, and labor shortages could adversely impact our operational results, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our retail store and distribution and fulfillment center operations are subject to laws governing such matters as minimum wages, working conditions and overtime pay. As minimum wage rates increase or related laws and regulations change, we may need to increase not only the wage rates of our minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to our other hourly or salaried employees. Any increase in the cost of our labor could have an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we operate in a competitive labor market, in which wage actions by other retailers and companies may require us to increase salary and wage rates, bonuses and other incentives in order to attract and retain talented employees across all of our retail store, distribution and fulfillment center, showroom and home office operations. Labor shortages and increased employee turnover could also increase our labor costs. This in turn could lead us to increase prices, and if customers respond negatively to such price increases, could adversely impact our sales, gross margin and operating income. We are also subject to risks related to other store and distribution and fulfillment center expenses and operational costs. Conversely, if competitive pressures or other factors prevent us from offsetting increased labor costs by increases in prices, our profitability may decline. 
 Damage or disruption to our distribution or fulfillment centers could have material adverse effects on our operations. 
 We operate seven distribution and fulfillment centers worldwide to support our Retail and Wholesale segments in the United States, Europe and Canada, including the fulfillment of catalog, website and mobile application orders around the world. The merchandise purchased for our United States and Canadian Retail segment operations is managed by our distribution centers in Gap, Pennsylvania and Reno, Nevada, our fulfillment centers in Gap, Pennsylvania, Reno, Nevada and Indiana, Pennsylvania, and our Retail segment omni-channel fulfillment center in Kansas City, Missouri. Merchandise purchased for our wholesale operations is managed by our fulfillment centers in Gap, Pennsylvania and Peterborough, England. The merchandise purchased for our Europe retail and digital operations is managed by our omni-channel fulfillment center in Peterborough, England. Merchandise purchased for our Nuuly Rent business is managed by our fulfillment center in Bristol, Pennsylvania and at a facility in Fairless Hills, Pennsylvania. Damage to, or disruption of the operations at, any of these centers due to work stoppages, system failures, accidents, economic conditions, severe weather or natural disasters, including as a result of climate change, demographic and population changes, health epidemics and pandemics (such as COVID-19), as well as other unforeseen events and circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Our distribution and fulfillment centers utilize computer-controller and automated equipment, which means the operations are complicated and may be subject to a number of risks related to security or computer viruses or malware, the proper operation of software and hardware, power interruptions or other system failures. In addition, if any of our distribution or fulfillment centers were to close unexpectedly or operate significantly below historical efficiency levels for an extended period of time, the other centers may not be able to support the resulting additional volume demands. As a result, we could incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times associated with distributing our products to our stores and customers during the time it takes for us to re-open or replace the center. 
 Legal, Tax, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 We may be unable to protect our trademarks and other intellectual property rights. 
 We believe that our trademarks and service marks are important to our success and our competitive position due to their name recognition with our customers. We devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection of our trademarks and service marks on a worldwide basis. We are not aware of any valid claims of infringement or challenges to our right to use any of our trademarks and service marks in the United States. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that the actions we have taken to establish and protect our trademarks and service marks will be adequate to prevent imitation of our products by others or to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products as a violation of the trademarks, service marks and intellectual property of others. Also, others may assert rights 
 15 
 
 in, or ownership of, our trademarks and other intellectual property, and we may not be able to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction. 
 In addition, we face additional risks as we continue to expand our business outside the United States. Effective trademark and service mark protection may not be available in every country in which we sell our products, or the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. This could increase the risk that our intellectual property is misappropriated. We may also encounter jurisdictions in which one or more third parties have a pre-existing trademark registration. This may prevent us from registering our own marks in those jurisdiction, and could adversely affect our ability to effectively operate our business or market certain products. 
 Manufacturers and third-party vendors may not comply with our legal and social compliance program requirements, and we may be subject to risks related to environmental, social and governance activities, which could adversely affect our reputation. 
 We have a manufacturer compliance program that is monitored on a regular basis by our buying offices. Our production facilities are either certified as in compliance with our program, or areas of improvement are identified and corrective follow-up action is taken. All manufacturers are required to follow applicable national labor laws, as well as international compliance standards regarding workplace safety, such as standards that require clean and safe working environments, clearly marked exits and paid overtime. We believe in protecting the safety and working rights of the people who manufacture the products we sell, while recognizing and respecting cultural and legal differences found throughout the world. We require our third-party vendors to register through an online website and agree that they and their suppliers will abide by certain standards and conditions of employment. If our third-party vendors fail to comply with our social compliance program, our reputation may be adversely affected. 
 We maintain an Impact Committee, co-chaired by our Chief Sourcing Officer and Chief Administrative Officer and reporting to our Nominating and Governance Committee, to set sustainability policies and goals, provide oversight of those policies, and track and report progress toward our goals. The Impact Committee also maintains a functional working group, which focuses on three areas: Environmental Social, Data Privacy Security, and Governance. The working group is comprised of operational management representatives and is responsible for recommending policies and goals to the Impact Committee, implementing policies established by the Impact Committee, and tracking and reporting to the Impact Committee on progress towards goals falling within the working group s ambit. These policies and goals and their status are published in the Company's Impact Report. There can be no assurances that our policies, goals or actions will be perceived as adequate. Any failure or perceived failure to achieve our goals or demonstrate progress towards the environmental, social and governance ideals of our customers and investors could harm our reputation and value of our brands, which could adversely affect our business, financial performance, and growth. 
 Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results or financial condition. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including but not limited to revenue recognition, leases, impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, inventory, income taxes and litigation, are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly change or increase volatility of our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 We could be subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities. 
 A number of factors influence our effective income tax rate, including changes in tax law, tax treaties, interpretation of existing laws, changes in generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, and our ability to sustain our reporting positions on examination. Changes in any of those factors could change our effective tax rate, which could adversely affect our net income. In addition, our operations outside of the United States may cause greater volatility in our effective tax rate. 
 We are subject to numerous regulations and legal matters that could adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to customs, child labor, tax, employment, privacy, truth-in-advertising, e-commerce and other laws, including consumer protection regulations and zoning and occupancy ordinances that regulate retailers generally and/or govern the importation, promotion and sale of merchandise and the operation of retail stores and distribution and fulfillment centers. Additional legal and regulatory requirements (such as the conflict minerals provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010), and the fact that foreign laws occasionally conflict with domestic laws, have increased the complexity of the regulatory environment and the cost of compliance. If these laws change without our knowledge, or are violated by importers, designers, manufacturers or distributors, we could experience delays in shipments and receipt of products or be subject to fines or other penalties under the controlling regulations, any of which could adversely affect our business. In addition, various governmental authorities in 
 16 
 
 jurisdictions in which we do business regulate the quality and safety of the merchandise we sell. If we or our vendors are unable to comply with regulatory requirements on a timely basis or at all, or to adequately monitor new regulations that may apply to us, significant fines or penalties could be incurred or we could have to curtail some aspects of our sales or operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Moreover, legal actions may be filed against us from time to time, including class actions. These actions may assert commercial, tort, intellectual property, customer, employment, data privacy, securities or other claims. We may also be impacted by litigation trends, including class action lawsuits involving former employees, consumers and shareholders, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, the market price of our common shares, or our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Item 1B. Unre solved Staff Comments 
 We have no outstanding comments with the staff of the SEC. 
 Item 2. Pr operties 
 Home Offices. Since 2006, our North American home office has been located in several buildings on one campus in the historic core of the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Navy Yard. The consolidated offices at the Navy Yard campus allow for an efficient operation of our Philadelphia-based offices and will help to support our growth needs for the foreseeable future. Our North American home offices are approximately 575,000 square feet, and we own or have options to purchase adjacent buildings that would allow for additional expansion if necessary. 
 Our European home office occupies approximately 70,000 square feet at the former Truman Brewery Site in London, England. The office houses all of our brand and shared leadership teams as well as a wholesale showroom and photo studio. The term of this lease is set to expire in July 2029, and we have the option to renew for up to an additional 10 years. 
 Distribution . We operate seven distribution and fulfillment centers worldwide to support our Retail and Wholesale segments in the United States, Europe and Canada, including the fulfillment of catalog, website and mobile application orders around the world. We own a 291,000 square foot distribution center in Gap, Pennsylvania that receives and distributes approximately half of our retail store merchandise in North America. We lease a 214,500 square foot distribution center located in Reno, Nevada that receives and distributes the remaining half of our retail store merchandise in North America. The term of this lease is set to expire in June 2027, and we have the option to renew for up to an additional twenty years. We own and operate a 1,000,000 square foot fulfillment center in Gap, Pennsylvania, which performs Retail and Wholesale segment fulfillment services, including inventory warehousing, receiving and customer shipping. We own and operate a 463,000 square foot fulfillment center located in Reno, Nevada, which is primarily used to house and distribute merchandise to our western United States digital customers. We own and operate an approximately 956,000 square foot fulfillment center in Indiana, Pennsylvania, that primarily stores and distributes home products, home furnishings and electronics for the North American Retail segment. We own and operate an approximately 400,000 square foot omni-channel fulfillment center in Peterborough, England that supports our European Retail and Wholesale segments. We began construction on the facility during fiscal 2020 and completed the installation of the remaining material handling equipment and became fully operational during fiscal 2022. Once fully operational, we exited our existing distribution and fulfillment centers in Rushden, England during fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2021, we purchased land in Kansas City, Kansas for the development of an approximately 880,000 square foot omni-channel fulfillment center. Construction of the facility began in fiscal 2021 and is expected to be fully operational during fiscal 2024. The facility will support the growth and expansion of our Retail segment business in North America by providing more efficient and faster inventory processing, as well as faster and more consistent delivery times to our stores and digital customers. To support Retail segment customer demand until the omni-channel fulfillment center is operational, we signed a short-term lease in fiscal 2022 for an approximately 401,000 square foot fulfillment center located in Kansas City, Missouri. The term of this lease is set to expire in November 2023, and we have options to renew through fiscal 2027. 
 We operate two fulfillment centers in the United States to conduct our Nuuly Rent operations. We lease a 309,000 square foot fulfillment center located in Bristol, Pennsylvania. The lease commenced in fiscal 2020 and is set to expire in July 2034 with options to renew for up to an additional ten years. We also lease a 227,000 square foot warehouse located in Fairless Hills, Pennsylvania. The lease commenced in fiscal 2023. We plan to open a 604,000 square foot fulfillment center located in Raymore, Missouri, which will be used to further support our Nuuly Rent operations. The 15-year lease will commence in fiscal 2024 and includes options to renew for up to an additional ten years. 
 Improvements in recent years, as described in Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources, were necessary to adequately support our growth. For more information on our distribution center properties, see Item 1: Business Company Operations Distribution . We believe that our centers are well maintained and in good operating condition. 
 Retail Locations. All of our retail locations are leased, well maintained and in good operating condition. Our retail locations are typically leased for a term of ten years with renewal options for an additional five to ten years. Total estimated selling square feet for 
 17 
 
 locations open, under lease as of January 31, 2023, by Urban Outfitters, the Anthropologie Group and the Free People Group was approximately 2,272,000, 1,812,000, and 392,000, respectively. The average store selling square feet is approximately 9,000 for Urban Outfitters, 8,000 for the Anthropologie Group and 2,000 for the Free People Group. Selling square feet can sometimes change due to factors such as floor moves, use of staircases and cash register configuration. 
 The following table shows the location of each of our existing retail locations, as of January 31, 2023: 

Urban Outfitters 

Anthropologie Group 

Free People Group 

Menus Venues 

Total 

United States 

183 

207 

174 

11 

575 

Canada 

18 

10 

3 

31 

Europe 

62 

21 

11 

94 

Total Company-Owned Stores 

263 

238 

188 

11 

700 

Franchisee-Owned Stores (1) 

6 

2 

8 

Total URBN 

269 

240 

188 

11 

708 

(1) Located in the Middle East. 

Wholesale Showrooms. In addition to the stores listed above, the Wholesale segment operates sales and showroom facilities in Dallas, New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago and London that are leased through 2023, 2023, 2024, 2028 and 2029, respectively. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are party to various legal proceedings arising from normal business activities. Management believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 18 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Sha reholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common shares are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol URBN. 
 
 Holders of Record 
 On March 27, 2023, there were 83 holders of record of our common shares. 
 Dividend Policy 
 Our current credit facility includes certain limitations on the payment of cash dividends on our common shares. We have not paid any cash dividends since our initial public offering and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common shares in the foreseeable future. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 All of the Company s equity compensation plans have been approved by its shareholders. See Note 11, Share-Based Compensation, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details of the Company s equity compensation plans and outstanding awards. 
 Stock Performance 
 The following graph and table compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common shares with the cumulative total return on the Standard and Poor s 500 Composite Stock Index and the Standard and Poor s 500 Apparel Retail Index for the period beginning January 31, 2018 and ending January 31, 2023, assuming the reinvestment of any dividends and assuming an initial investment of 100 in each. The comparisons in this table are required by the SEC and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of the common shares or the referenced indices. 

Base Period Jan-18 

INDEXED RETURNS Years Ended 

Company/Market/Peer Group 

Jan-19 

Jan-20 

Jan-21 

Jan-22 

Jan-23 

Urban Outfitters, Inc. 

100.00 

94.69 

75.05 

80.41 

84.19 

80.30 

S P 500 

100.00 

97.69 

118.87 

139.37 

171.83 

157.71 

S P 500 Apparel Retail 

100.00 

108.99 

117.78 

129.08 

138.72 

152.98 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 Reserved. 
 
 19 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 We operate under three reportable segments Retail, Wholesale and Nuuly. Our Retail segment consists of our Anthropologie, Free People, FP Movement, Terrain, Urban Outfitters and Menus Venues brands. Our Retail segment consumer products and services are sold directly to our customers through our retail locations, websites, mobile applications, catalogs and customer contact centers and franchisee-owned stores. The Wholesale segment consists of our Free People, FP Movement and Urban Outfitters brands that sell through department and specialty stores worldwide, digital businesses and our Retail segment. The Wholesale segment primarily designs, develops and markets apparel, intimates and activewear. Our Nuuly segment consists of the Nuuly brand, which offers customers with a more sustainable way to explore fashion. Nuuly Rent is a monthly women s apparel subscription rental service. Nuuly Thrift, which launched in October 2021, is a peer-to-peer resale marketplace where customers can buy and sell any brand of women s, men s, and kids apparel, shoes and accessories. 
 Our fiscal year ends on January 31. All references to our fiscal years refer to the fiscal years ended on January 31 in those years. For example, our fiscal year 2023 ended on January 31, 2023, our fiscal year 2022 ended on January 31, 2022, and our fiscal year 2021 ended on January 31, 2021. 
 Current Trends 
 Impact of the Coronavirus Pandemic on Fiscal 2021 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic. Consequently, the Company announced that it temporarily closed all stores, offices and showrooms globally, but began to reopen stores in late April 2020. The Company's distribution and fulfillment centers remained open to support the digital business and the Wholesale segment operations. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, certain store operations were again impacted by an additional round of temporary store closures and occupancy restrictions, primarily in Europe and Canada. 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company took measures to protect its financial position and increase financial flexibility. During fiscal 2021, the Company recorded certain additional reserves, including inventory obsolescence reserves and an allowance for doubtful accounts for Wholesale segment customer accounts receivable and non-cash charges, primarily store impairment charges. 
 Impact of the Coronavirus Pandemic on Fiscal 2022 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continued to negatively impact the Company's store operations during fiscal 2022 with residual impacts on store traffic and store sales resulting from store closures, primarily in Europe and Canada, occupancy restrictions and reduced store hours globally. During the second quarter of fiscal 2022, all remaining COVID-19 government mandated store closures in Europe and Canada expired, although some capacity restrictions continued in certain European and Canadian stores. The COVID-19 pandemic and general unfavorable macroeconomic conditions also disrupted the Company's global supply chain in fiscal 2022, leading to COVID-19 related factory and port closures, continued port congestion and shipping delays, which resulted in inventory receipt delays and an increase in inbound transportation costs. The Company made a strategic decision to accelerate receipt of certain product categories earlier in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2022 in an attempt to minimize the impact of such disruptions on the ability to fulfill customer demand. 
 Impact of the Coronavirus Pandemic and Macroeconomic Uncertainties on Fiscal 2023 and Future Operations 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on the global economy continued to impact the Company's operations through fiscal 2023 and related government and private sector responsive actions could continue to affect its business operations. In the first half of fiscal 2023, the Company continued to experience global supply chain disruptions resulting in inventory receipt delays and, in response, the Company continued to further diversify its supply chain. Beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2023, timing of supply chain deliveries started to improve. The Company expects that its operations will continue to be influenced by economic pressures such as inflation and labor shortages, resulting in higher employee wage expense and lower levels of discretionary spending by its customers, particularly customers of the Urban Outfitters brand. Additionally, fluctuations in foreign currency rates may continue to impact the Company's operating results. The Company cannot reasonably estimate the duration and severity of existing and future macroeconomic conditions or current global issues that may have a material effect on the Company's business and the global economy. As a result, current financial information may not be necessarily indicative of future operating results. 
 Retail Segment 
 Our Retail segment omni-channel strategy enhances our customers brand experience by providing a seamless approach to the customer shopping experience. All available Company-owned Retail segment shopping channels are fully integrated, including retail locations, websites, mobile applications, catalogs and customer contact centers. Our investments in areas such as marketing campaigns and technology advancements are designed to generate demand for the Retail segment omni-channel and not the separate store or digital 
 20 
 
 channels. We manage and analyze our performance based on a single Retail segment omni-channel rather than separate channels and believe that the Retail segment omni-channel results present the most meaningful and appropriate measure of our performance. 
 Our comparable Retail segment net sales data is equal to the sum of our comparable store and comparable digital channel net sales. A store is considered to be comparable if it has been open at least 12 full months, unless it was materially expanded or remodeled within that year or was not otherwise operating at its full capacity within that year due to store specific closures from events such as damage from fire, flood and natural weather events. The Company did not remove stores that were closed or operating for an extended period of time at a reduced capacity due to the COVID-19 pandemic from the comparable stores net sales calculations. A digital channel is considered to be comparable if it has been operational for at least 12 full months. Sales from stores and digital channels that do not fall within the definition of comparable store or channel are considered to be non-comparable. Franchise net sales and the effects of foreign currency translation are also considered non-comparable. 
 We monitor Retail segment metrics including customer traffic, conversion rates, average units per transaction at our stores and on our websites and mobile applications and average unit selling price at our stores and average order value on our websites and mobile applications. We believe that changes in any of these metrics may be caused by a response to our brands fashion offerings, our marketing campaigns, circulation of our catalogs and an overall growth in brand recognition. 
 Urban Outfitters targets young adults aged 18 to 28 through a unique merchandise mix, compelling store environment, social media and third-party digital platforms, websites and mobile applications and a product offering that includes women s and men s fashion apparel, activewear, intimates, footwear, accessories, home goods, electronics and beauty. A large portion of our merchandise is exclusive to Urban Outfitters, consisting of an assortment of products designed internally or designed in collaboration with third-party brands. Urban Outfitters stores are in street locations in large metropolitan areas and select university communities, specialty centers and enclosed malls that accommodate our customers propensity not only to shop, but also to congregate with their peers. Urban Outfitters operates websites and mobile applications in North America and Europe that capture the spirit of the brand by offering a similar yet broader selection of merchandise as found in its stores and sells merchandise through franchisee-owned stores in the Middle East. Urban Outfitters North American Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 23.0 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023, compared to 27.5 for fiscal 2022. European Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 8.9 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023, compared to approximately 9.1 for fiscal 2022. 
 The Anthropologie Group consists of the Anthropologie and Terrain brands. Merchandise at the Anthropologie brand is tailored to sophisticated and contemporary women aged 28 to 45. The internally designed and third-party brand product assortment includes women s apparel, accessories, intimates, shoes, home furnishings, a diverse array of gifts and decorative items and beauty and wellness. The brand also has a wedding collection consisting of wedding dresses, bridesmaid dresses, party dresses, bridal accessories and decor. The Terrain brand is designed to appeal to women and men interested in a creative and sophisticated outdoor living and gardening experience. Merchandise includes lifestyle home, garden and outdoor living products, antiques, live plants, flowers, wellness products and accessories. Anthropologie Group stores are located in specialty centers, upscale street locations and enclosed malls. The Anthropologie Group operates websites and mobile applications in North America and Europe that capture the spirit of its brands by offering a similar yet broader selection of merchandise as found in its stores, offers a catalog in North America that markets select merchandise, most of which is also available in Anthropologie brand stores and sells merchandise through franchisee-owned stores in the Middle East. The Anthropologie Group s North American Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 39.6 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023, compared to 37.4 for fiscal 2022. European Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 1.8 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023, compared to approximately 2.0 for fiscal 2022. 
 The Free People Group consists of the Free People and FP Movement brands. The Free People brand focuses its product offering on private label merchandise targeted to young contemporary women aged 25 to 30 and provides a unique merchandise mix of casual women s apparel, intimates, FP Movement activewear, shoes, accessories, home products, gifts and beauty and wellness. The FP Movement brand offers performance-ready activewear, beyond-the-gym staples and wellness essentials. Free People Group stores are located in enclosed malls, upscale street locations and specialty centers. The Free People Group operates websites and mobile applications in North America and Europe that capture the spirit of the brand by offering a similar yet broader selection of merchandise as found in its stores, as well as substantially all of the Free People and FP Movement wholesale offerings. The Free People Group also offers catalogs that market select merchandise, most of which is also available in our Free People and FP Movement stores. The Free People Group s North American Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 17.5 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023, compared to approximately 16.3 for fiscal 2022. European Retail segment net sales accounted for less than 1.0 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. 
 The Menus Venues brand focuses on a dining and event experience that provides excellence in food, beverage and service. The Menus Venues brand net sales accounted for less than 1.0 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. 
 Net sales from the Retail segment accounted for approximately 92.1 , 93.4 and 93.6 of total consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 21 
 
 Store data for fiscal 2023 was as follows: 

January 31, 2022 

Stores Opened 

Stores Closed 

January 31, 2023 

Urban Outfitters 

United States 

184 

4 

(5) 

183 

Canada 

18 

18 

Europe 

59 

3 

62 

Urban Outfitters Global Total 

261 

7 

(5) 

263 

Anthropologie Group 

United States 

206 

5 

(4) 

207 

Canada 

11 

(1) 

10 

Europe 

21 

1 

(1) 

21 

Anthropologie Group Global Total 

238 

6 

(6) 

238 

Free People Group 

United States (1) 

162 

14 

(2) 

174 

Canada 

5 

(2) 

3 

Europe 

6 

5 

11 

Free People Group Global Total 

173 

19 

(4) 

188 

Menus Venues 

United States 

10 

1 

11 

Menus Venues Total 

10 

1 

11 

Total Company-Owned Stores 

682 

33 

(15) 

700 

Franchisee-Owned Stores (2) 

3 

5 

8 

Total URBN 

685 

38 

(15) 

708 

(1) Eleven FP Movement stores were opened during the year ended January 31, 2023. Thirty-one FP Movement stores were open as of January 31, 2023. 

(2) Franchisee-owned stores are located in the Middle East. 

Selling square footage by brand as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 was as follows: 

January 31, 2023 

January 31, 2022 

Change 

Selling square footage (in thousands): 

Urban Outfitters 

2,272 

2,264 

0.4 

Anthropologie Group 

1,812 

1,813 

(0.1) 

Free People Group (1) 

392 

367 

6.8 

Total URBN (2) 

4,476 

4,444 

0.7 

(1) Selling square footage for FP Movement was 40 and 25 as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

(2) Menus Venues restaurants and franchisee-owned stores are not included in selling square footage. 

We plan for future store growth for all three brands to come from expansion domestically and internationally, which may include opening stores in new and existing markets or entering into additional franchise or joint venture agreements. We plan for future digital channel growth to come from expansion domestically and internationally. 
 
 22 
 
 Projected openings and closings for fiscal 2024 are as follows: 

January 31, 2023 

Projected Openings 

Projected Closings 

January 31, 2024 

Urban Outfitters 

263 

8 

(8) 

263 

Anthropologie Group 

238 

8 

(6) 

240 

Free People Group (1) 

188 

17 

(1) 

204 

Menus Venues 

11 

2 

(1) 

12 

Total Company-Owned Stores 

700 

35 

(16) 

719 

Franchisee-Owned Stores 

8 

2 

10 

Total URBN 

708 

37 

(16) 

729 

(1) Includes 10 FP Movement projected store openings. 

Wholesale Segment 
 Our Wholesale segment consists of the Free People, FP Movement and Urban Outfitters brands that sell through department and specialty stores worldwide, digital businesses and our Retail segment. The Wholesale segment primarily designs, develops and markets young women s contemporary casual apparel, intimates, FP Movement activewear and shoes under the Free People brand and the BDG and other own brand apparel collections under the Urban Outfitters brand. The Anthropologie brand exited the wholesale business in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. Net sales from the Wholesale segment accounted for approximately 5.2 , 5.5 and 5.7 of total consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Nuuly Segment 
 Our Nuuly segment consists of the Nuuly brand, which includes Nuuly Rent and Nuuly Thrift. Nuuly Rent is a monthly women s apparel subscription rental service. For a monthly fee, Nuuly subscribers can select rental product from a wide selection of the Company s own brands, third-party market brands and one-of-a-kind vintage pieces via a custom-built, digital platform. Subscribers select their products each month, wear them as often as they like and then swap into new products the following month. Subscribers are also able to purchase the rented product. Nuuly Thrift, which launched in October 2021, is a peer-to-peer resale marketplace where customers can buy and sell any brand of women s, men s, and kids apparel, shoes, and accessories. Sellers on Nuuly Thrift can transfer their earnings to their bank account or convert them to Nuuly Cash, a gift card with a bonus to be used at any of the Company s brands. Nuuly Thrift earns a commission based on sales made in the marketplace. Our Nuuly segment net sales accounted for approximately 2.7 , 1.1 , and less than 1.0 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. These generally accepted accounting principles require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales and expenses during the reporting period. 
 Our senior management has reviewed the critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the following discussion addresses our critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and require management s most difficult, subjective and complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. If actual results were to differ significantly from estimates made, the reported results could be materially affected. We are not currently aware of any reasonably likely events or circumstances that would cause our actual results to be materially different from our estimates. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Merchandise: Merchandise is sold through retail stores, catalogs and the digital sales channel, as well as to wholesale customers, franchise partners and Nuuly customers. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods is transferred to the customer. We have elected to treat shipping and handling as fulfillment activities and not a separate performance obligation. Accordingly, we will recognize merchandise revenue for the Retail segment for our single performance obligation at the point of sale, when furniture is delivered or at the time of shipment for non-furniture merchandise, which is when transfer of control to the customer occurs. A Nuuly Rent customer may purchase merchandise in her possession that was included in the order that was delivered as part of the monthly subscription rental service. We recognize merchandise revenue for Nuuly Rent for our single performance obligation when the customer purchases the merchandise through the website or mobile application. Revenue does not include taxes assessed by governmental authorities, including value-added and other sales-related taxes, that are imposed on and concurrent with revenue-producing activities. 
 23 
 
 Revenue is recognized net of estimated customer returns. Retail segment return policies vary by brand, but generally provide for no time limit on returns and the refund to be issued in either the form of original payment or as a gift card. Payment for merchandise is tendered primarily by cash, check, credit card, debit card, gift card or alternative payment methods. Uncollectible accounts receivable in the Retail and Nuuly segments primarily results from unauthorized credit card transactions. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for our Wholesale segment accounts receivable, which we review on a regular basis and believe is sufficient to cover potential credit losses and billing adjustments. Payment terms in our Wholesale segment vary by customer with the most common being a net 30-day policy. 
 Menus Venues: Revenue from restaurant sales and events is recognized upon completion of the service when we satisfy our single performance obligation. Customer deposits may be received in advance for events, which represents a contract liability until we satisfy our performance obligation. 
 Subscription Fees: Revenue for Nuuly Rent is primarily generated through monthly subscription fees. The monthly subscription rental fee is recognized as revenue in the month the customer is billed. A customer may pause the monthly subscription, at which point the customer will not be billed for future months until the subscription is no longer on hold. 
 Gift Cards: We account for a gift card transaction by recording a liability at the time the gift card is issued to the customer in exchange for consideration from the customer. At the time of issuance, we have an open performance obligation for the future delivery of promised goods or services. The liability remains outstanding until the card is redeemed by the customer, at which time we recognize revenue. Over time, a portion of the outstanding gift cards will not be redeemed by the customer which we refer to as breakage . Revenue is recognized from breakage over time in proportion to gift card redemptions. Judgment is used in determining the amount of breakage revenue to be recognized and is based on historical gift card redemption patterns. Gift card breakage revenue is included in net sales and is not material. Our gift cards do not expire. 
 Sales Return Reserve 
 We record a reserve for estimated product returns where the sale has occurred during the period reported, but the return is likely to occur subsequent to the period reported. The reserve for estimated product returns is based on our most recent historical return trends. If the actual return rate is materially different than our estimate, sales returns would be adjusted in the future. The costs of returns are recorded as a current asset rather than net with the sales return reserve liability. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, reserves for estimated sales returns totaled 70.1 million and 69.8 million, representing 3.7 and 3.4 of total liabilities, respectively. 
 Inventory 
 We value our inventory, which consists primarily of general consumer merchandise held for sale, at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined on the first-in, first-out method and includes the cost of merchandise and import-related costs, including freight, import duties and taxes and agent commissions. A periodic review of inventory is performed in order to determine if inventory is properly stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Factors we consider in our review, such as future expected consumer demand and fashion trends, current aging, current and anticipated retail markdowns or wholesale discounts and class or type of inventory, are analyzed to determine estimated net realizable value. Criteria that we consider in our review of aging trends include average selling cycle and seasonality of merchandise, the historical rate at which merchandise has sold below cost during the prior 12 months and the value and nature of merchandise currently held in inventory and priced below original cost. A provision is recorded to reduce the cost of inventory to its estimated net realizable value, if appropriate. Any significant unanticipated changes in the factors noted above could have a significant impact on the value of our inventory and our reported operating results. Our estimates generally have been accurate, and our reserve methods have been applied on a consistent basis. We expect the amount of our provision and related inventory to increase over time as we increase our sales. The majority of inventory at January 31, 2023 and 2022 consisted of finished goods. Raw materials and work-in-process were not material to the overall inventory value. Inventory as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 totaled 587.5 million and 569.7 million, representing 16.0 and 15.0 of total assets, respectively. 
 Rental Product 
 The cost of our Nuuly segment rental product is amortized to cost of sales based on the cost of each unit rented, which is estimated based on the number of times the unit is expected to be rented and the cost of the rental product. Lost, damaged and retired rental product is also charged to cost of sales. We make assumptions as to the number of times each unit can be rented. If the actual number of times a unit can be rented were to vary significantly from our estimates, it could materially affect the amount of rental product amortization included in cost of sales. Rental product is included in Deferred income taxes and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Rental product as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 totaled 90.9 million and 32.1 million, representing 2.5 and less than 1.0 of total assets, respectively. 
 24 
 
 Impairment of Long-lived Assets 
 We review the carrying values of our definite-lived, long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Events that result in an impairment review include plans to close a retail location, distribution or fulfillment center, a significant decrease in the operating results of a long-lived asset or significant adverse changes in the business climate. Our retail locations are reviewed for impairment at the retail location level, which is the lowest level at which individual cash flows can be identified. Newly opened retail locations may take time to generate positive operating and cash flow results. Factors such as store type (e.g., mall versus free-standing), location (e.g., urban area versus college campus or suburb), current marketplace awareness of our brands, local customer demographic data and current fashion trends are all considered in determining the time frame required for a retail location to achieve positive financial results. When events indicate that an asset may be impaired and the estimated undiscounted cash flows (based on forecasts of sales and gross profit) are less than the carrying amount of the asset, the impaired asset is adjusted to its estimated fair value and an impairment loss is recorded. The estimated fair value of the asset or asset group is based on future cash flows of the asset or asset group. For lease right-of-use assets, the Company determines the estimated fair value of the assets by comparing the discounted contractual rent payments to estimated market rent using an acceptable valuation methodology. During fiscal 2023, we recorded impairment charges for 19 retail locations, totaling 6.4 million, with a carrying value after impairment of 49.0 million primarily related to the right-of-use assets. During fiscal 2021, we recorded impairment charges for 42 retail locations, totaling 15.5 million, with a carrying value after impairment of 101.8 million primarily related to the right-of-use assets. 
 Leases 
 We have operating leases for stores, distribution and fulfillment centers, corporate offices and equipment that are recognized as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. We sublease certain properties to third parties. We have elected not to record a lease liability and right-of-use asset for leases with original terms of 12 months or less. We have elected the practical expedient to not separate non-lease components from lease components as it pertains to real estate leases. 
 Store leases have remaining lease terms that range from less than one year up to 15 years, some of which contain options to extend the lease for one or two 5-year periods. Payments related to a renewal period are included in the lease liability and right-of-use asset only when we are reasonably certain that we will exercise the option to renew the lease for an extended period of time. Certain leases may contain variable lease payments such as rent based on a percentage of net sales. Variable lease payments may be subject to a breakpoint threshold of fixed rent. Variable lease payments, other than those that depend on an index or a rate, are not included in the measurement of the lease liability. The lease liability is calculated at the present value of certain future payments, discounted using our incremental borrowing rate, which approximates the rate of interest we would pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a fully collateralized basis over a similar term. Significant judgment is used in determining the incremental borrowing rate related to estimates for credit rating, credit spread and the impact of collateral. We developed incremental borrowing rates at a lease portfolio level. The right-of-use asset is initially equal to the value of the lease liability less any amounts received from the landlord as incentives or tenant improvement allowances. 
 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 As part of the process of preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements, we are required to estimate our income taxes in each of the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. This process involves estimating our actual current tax obligations together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of certain items for tax and accounting purposes, such as depreciation of property and equipment and valuation of inventories. These temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income. A valuation allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all material available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies and results of recent operations. Actual results could differ from this assessment if adequate taxable income is not generated in future periods. Net deferred tax assets as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 totaled 70.9 million and 69.9 million, respectively, representing 1.9 and 1.8 of total assets, respectively. 
 To the extent we believe that recovery of a deferred tax asset is at risk, we establish valuation allowances. To the extent we establish valuation allowances or increase the allowances in a period, we record additional income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Valuation allowances were 33.1 million as of January 31, 2023 and 30.9 million as of January 31, 2022. Valuation allowances are based on evidence of our ability to generate sufficient taxable income in certain foreign and state jurisdictions. In the future, if enough evidence of our ability to generate sufficient future taxable income in these jurisdictions becomes apparent, we would be required to reduce our valuation allowances, resulting in a reduction in Income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. On a quarterly basis, management evaluates the likelihood that we will realize the deferred tax assets and adjusts the valuation allowances, if appropriate. 
 We record uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step process whereby (1) we determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (2) for those tax positions that meet the 
 25 
 
 more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 
 Our tax liability for uncertain tax positions contains uncertainties because we are required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions. Although we believe that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable, actual results may differ, and we may be exposed to income tax expenses or benefits that could be material. 
 We consider certain earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries to be indefinitely invested outside the United States on the basis of estimates that future United States cash generation will be sufficient to meet future United States cash needs and our specific plans for reinvestment of those subsidiaries earnings. Should we decide to repatriate the foreign earnings, we would need to adjust our income tax provision in the period we determined that the earnings will no longer be indefinitely invested outside the United States. 
 Accounting for Contingencies 
 From time to time, we are named as a defendant in legal actions arising from our normal business activities. We are required to record a reserve for estimated losses when information available prior to issuance of our financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Accounting for contingencies arising from contractual disputes or legal proceedings requires management to use its best judgment when estimating an accrual related to such contingencies. As additional information becomes known, our reserves for loss contingencies could fluctuate, thereby creating variability in our results of operations from period to period. Likewise, an actual loss arising from a loss contingency which significantly exceeds our reserve could have a material adverse impact on our operating results for the period in which such actual loss becomes known. We believe that our reserves adequately reflect the anticipated final outcome of any matter currently pending against us and the ultimate settlement of such matters will not materially affect our financial position or results of operations. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 Accounting for share-based compensation requires measurement of compensation cost for all share-based awards at fair value on the date of grant and recognition of compensation over the service period. The fair value of the performance stock units and restricted stock units granted during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 equaled the stock price on the date of the grant. Additionally, we make certain estimates about the number of awards that will become vested under performance-based incentive plans. We record expense for performance-based awards based on our current expectations of the probable number of awards that will ultimately vest. The estimation of awards that will ultimately vest requires judgment, and to the extent actual results or updated estimates differ from our current estimates, such amounts will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period estimates are revised and could be materially different from share-based compensation expense recorded in prior periods. We elect to account for forfeitures as they occur rather than estimate the expected forfeitures. 
 26 
 
 Results of Operations 
 As a Percentage of Net Sales 
 The tables below set forth, for the periods indicated, the results of operations and the percentage of our net sales represented by certain statement of operations data. The tables should be read in conjunction with the discussions that follow. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, all of our stores were closed for a portion of the first half of fiscal 2021. In addition to lost revenues, we incurred expenses in fiscal 2021 that were not commensurate with the level of sales. As a result, comparisons of expense ratios and year-over-year trends were impacted in a meaningful way. 
 
 (amounts in millions) 

Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net sales 

4,795.2 

4,548.8 

3,449.7 

Cost of sales (excluding store impairment) 

3,361.6 

3,054.8 

2,572.3 

Store impairment (1) 

6.4 

15.5 

Gross profit 

1,427.2 

1,494.0 

861.9 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

1,200.6 

1,085.4 

857.9 

Income from operations 

226.6 

408.6 

4.0 

Interest income 

2.0 

2.3 

3.1 

Interest expense 

(1.3) 

(1.1) 

(3.4) 

Other expense 

(6.0) 

(5.2) 

(0.2) 

Income before income taxes 

221.3 

404.6 

3.5 

Income tax expense 

61.6 

94.0 

2.3 

Net income 

159.7 

310.6 

1.2 

AS A PERCENTAGE OF NET SALES 

Net sales 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Cost of sales (excluding store impairment) 

70.1 

67.2 

74.6 

Store impairment (1) 

0.1 

0.4 

Gross profit 

29.8 

32.8 

25.0 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

25.1 

23.8 

24.9 

Income from operations 

4.7 

9.0 

0.1 

Interest income 

0.0 

0.1 

0.1 

Interest expense 
 
 (0.0) 

(0.0) 

(0.1) 

Other expense 

(0.1) 

(0.2) 
 
 (0.0) 

Income before income taxes 

4.6 

8.9 

0.1 

Income tax expense 

1.3 

2.1 

0.1 

Net income 

3.3 

6.8 

0.0 

Period over Period Change: 

Net sales 

5.4 

31.9 

(13.4) 

Gross profit 

(4.5) 

73.3 

(30.5) 

Income from operations 

(44.5) 
 
 n-m 

(98.3) 

Net income 

(48.6) 
 
 n-m 

(99.3) 

(1) During fiscal 2023, we recorded store impairment charges for 19 retail locations, totaling 6.4 million. During fiscal 2021, we recorded store impairment charges for 42 retail locations, totaling 15.5 million. 

Not meaningful. 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Net sales in fiscal 2023 increased by 5.4 to 4.80 billion, from 4.55 billion in fiscal 2022. The 246 million increase was attributable to a 166.7 million, or 3.9 , increase in Retail segment net sales and an increase in Nuuly segment net sales of 81.9 million, or 171.6 , partially offset by a 2.1 million, or 0.8 , decrease in Wholesale segment net sales. Retail segment net sales for fiscal 2023 accounted for 92.1 of total net sales compared to 93.4 of total net sales during fiscal 2022. 
 The increase in our Retail segment net sales during fiscal 2023 was due to an increase of 171.4 million, or 4.2 , in Retail segment comparable net sales, partially offset by a decrease of 4.7 million in non-comparable net sales. Retail segment comparable net sales increased 11.5 at the Free People Group, 11.3 at the Anthropologie Group and decreased 7.1 at Urban Outfitters. Retail segment comparable net sales increased in North America and Europe. The relative proportion of Retail segment sales attributable to store and 
 27 
 
 digital channels changed in large part due to the temporary global store closures and occupancy restrictions during the prior year due to the COVID-19 pandemic. With those restrictions lifted in the current year, Retail segment comparable net sales increased due to high single-digit growth in retail store sales driven by higher traffic and transactions as well as an increase in average unit selling price, partially offset by a decrease in units per transaction and a decrease in conversion rate. The increase in digital channel net sales was low single-digit positive as an increase in average order value was offset by decreases in sessions, units per transaction and conversion rate. The decrease in non-comparable net sales during fiscal 2023 was due to the negative impact of foreign currency translation, partially offset by the 89 new Company-owned stores and restaurants opened and 33 Company-owned stores and restaurants closed since the prior comparable period. 
 The decrease in Wholesale segment net sales in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to a 3.0 million, or 1.3 , decrease in sales for the Free People Group, which was primarily driven by an decrease in sales to department stores, partially offset by an increase in sales to specialty accounts. Urban Outfitters wholesale sales increased by 0.9 million. The increase in Nuuly segment net sales was due to a 149 increase in our subscribers as of the current fiscal year end compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Gross profit percentage for fiscal 2023 decreased to 29.8 of net sales, from 32.8 of net sales in fiscal 2022. Gross profit decreased to 1.43 billion for fiscal 2023 from 1.49 billion in fiscal 2022. The decrease in gross profit rate and dollars was primarily due to higher markdowns by the Urban Outfitters and Free People Group brands in the Retail segment as compared to record low markdown rates in the prior year. Additionally, during fiscal 2023, the Company recorded a 6.4 million store impairment charge. 
 Total inventory at January 31, 2023 increased by 17.8 million, or 3.1 , to 587.5 million from 569.7 million at January 31, 2022. Total Retail segment inventory increased by 4.4 and Wholesale segment inventory decreased by 7.3 . 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 115.2 million, or 10.6 , compared to the prior year s comparable period, and expressed as a percentage of net sales, deleveraged 118 basis points. The deleverage in selling, general and administrative expenses as a rate to sales and growth in selling, general and administrative expenses in dollars was primarily related to higher store payroll primarily due to increased store associate hours to support increased customer traffic and higher average wages in order to attract and retain employees. Additionally, marketing expenses increased to support sales and customer growth. 
 Income from operations for fiscal 2023 was 4.7 of net sales, or 226.6 million, compared to 9.0 of net sales, or 408.6 million, for fiscal 2022. The decrease in dollars was primarily due to the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses and the decrease in gross profit margin noted above. The decrease in operating income rate was primarily due to lower gross profit rate and a deleverage in selling, general and administrative expenses during fiscal 2023. 
 Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 was 27.8 compared to 23.2 in fiscal 2022. See Note 10, Income Taxes, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to our effective tax rate. 
 
 Fiscal 2022 Compared to Fiscal 2021 
 Net sales in fiscal 2022 increased by 31.9 to 4.55 billion, from 3.45 billion in fiscal 2021. The 1.10 billion increase was attributable to a 1.02 billion, or 31.6 , increase in Retail segment net sales, a 55.1 million, or 28.0 , increase in Wholesale segment net sales and an increase in Nuuly segment net sales of 23.4 million. Retail segment net sales for fiscal 2022 accounted for 93.4 of total net sales compared to 93.6 of total net sales during fiscal 2021. 
 The increase in our Retail segment net sales during fiscal 2022 was due to an increase of 906.6 million, or 28.7 , in Retail segment comparable net sales, and an increase of 113.9 million in non-comparable net sales, including the net impact of store openings and closings since the prior comparable period and the impact of foreign currency translation. Retail segment comparable net sales increased 42.5 at the Free People Group, 34.5 at the Anthropologie Group and 17.2 at Urban Outfitters. Retail segment comparable net sales increased in North America and Europe. The increase in Retail segment comparable net sales for fiscal 2022 was driven by high double-digit growth in retail store sales and high single-digit growth in digital channel sales. Retail segment comparable net sales for fiscal 2021 were significantly impacted by lower retail store sales due to store closures, reduced store traffic in reopened store locations and significant growth in our digital channel. As a result, for fiscal 2021 the relative proportion of sales attributable to store and digital channels changed significantly. Positive comparable store net sales in fiscal 2022 resulted from an increase in store traffic, transactions and average unit retail price, while units per transaction and conversion rate declined. The digital channel net sales increase was driven by an increase in average order value, while sessions and units per transaction decreased and conversion rate was flat. The increase in non-comparable net sales during fiscal 2022 was primarily due to net new store openings and a recovery from the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in fiscal 2021, which resulted in reduced store traffic and lower store productivity in the 76 new Company-owned stores opened and 28 Company-owned stores and restaurants closed since the prior comparable period. The benefit from foreign currency translation in fiscal 2022 also contributed to the increase in non-comparable net sales. 
 28 
 
 The increase in Wholesale segment net sales in fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021 was primarily due to a 46.5 million, or 24.9 , increase in sales for the Free People Group, due to a significant number of the brand s wholesale partners having had a meaningful portion of their businesses negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic during fiscal 2021. The segment increase was also due to an increase of 9.2 million in Urban Outfitters wholesale sales. 
 Gross profit percentage for fiscal 2022 increased to 32.8 of net sales, from 25.0 of net sales in fiscal 2021. Gross profit increased to 1,494.0 million for fiscal 2022 from 861.9 million in fiscal 2021. The increase in gross profit rate was due to the significant negative impact of COVID-19 related store closures on the Company s Retail segment and its partners in the Wholesale segment in the prior year period. Additionally, during the prior year period, the Company recorded a 15.5 million store impairment charge and a meaningful increase in inventory obsolescence reserves due to the impact the store closures had on the aging of the Company s inventory. Finally, all three brands achieved record low merchandise markdown rates in the Retail segment during fiscal 2022, further contributing to the improvement in the current year. 
 Total inventory at January 31, 2022 increased by 180.1 million, or 46.2 , to 569.7 million from 389.6 million at January 31, 2021. This increase was driven by the increase in net sales and by the Company continuing to bring certain product categories in earlier to protect against ongoing supply chain disruptions and delays and increasing inbound transportation costs. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 227.5 million, or 26.5 , to 1,085.4 million in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased in fiscal 2022 to 23.8 of net sales, compared to 24.9 of net sales for fiscal 2021. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily related to increased direct selling and digital marketing expenses in the current year to support the increase in net sales, higher incentive-based compensation due to the impacts of COVID-19 on the prior year period and the benefit of COVID-19 related government relief packages recorded in the prior year period. The leverage in selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2022 is primarily due to the increase in retail store sales, as store operations for fiscal 2021 were significantly impacted by store closures and reduced store traffic in reopened locations. 
 Income from operations for fiscal 2022 was 9.0 of net sales, or 408.6 million, compared to 0.1 of net sales, or 4.0 million, for fiscal 2021. 
 Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 was 23.2 compared to 64.8 in fiscal 2021. See Note 10, Income Taxes, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to our effective tax rate. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following tables set forth certain balance sheet and cash flow data for the periods indicated. These tables should be read in conjunction with the discussion that follows: 

(amounts in millions) 

January 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 

485.5 

669.6 

694.0 

Working capital 

347.3 

304.3 

317.2 

Fiscal Year Ended 

January 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

142.7 

359.3 

285.8 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(32.0) 

(487.7) 

(101.9) 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(118.4) 

(60.3) 

(10.4) 

The increase in working capital at January 31, 2023, as compared to January 31, 2022, was primarily due to the timing of disbursements, partially offset by the net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities. The increase in working capital at January 31, 2023, as compared to January 31, 2021, was primarily due to the increase in inventory and the timing of disbursements, partially offset by the net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities. 
 During the last three years, we have satisfied our cash requirements primarily through our cash flow from operating activities, and additionally, during fiscal 2023, through the sales and maturities of marketable securities. Additionally, during fiscal 2021, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we had borrowings of 220.0 million under our Amended Credit Facility to protect our cash reserves. We subsequently repaid the entire 220.0 million during fiscal 2021. Our primary uses of cash have been to fund business operations, purchase inventory, expand our fulfillment centers, open new stores and repurchase our common shares. 
 29 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 For all periods, our major source of cash from operations was merchandise sales and our primary outflow of cash from operations was for the payment of operational costs. The decrease in cash flows from operations for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to lower net income and an investment in additional Nuuly rental product to support the growth in the business. The increase in cash flows from operations for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 was primarily due to increased net income, partially offset by the net increase in inventory less accounts payable to support the continued growth of the Company s operations. Although the Company s stores were closed for a part of the first six months of fiscal 2021, the Company continued to incur various store operational costs for a large portion of its store employees. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2023 primarily related to the purchases of property and equipment and marketable securities, partially offset by the sales and maturities of marketable securities. Cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2022 and 2021 was primarily related to purchases of marketable securities and property and equipment, partially offset by the sales and maturities of marketable securities. The Company initially liquidated its marketable securities portfolio earlier in fiscal 2021 to preserve financial flexibility and maintain liquidity in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, but reinvested in a marketable securities portfolio in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. Cash paid for property and equipment for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was 199.5 million, 262.4 million and 159.2 million, respectively, which was primarily used to expand our fulfillment center network in all fiscal years. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was primarily related to 112.0 million, 55.8 million and 7.0 million, respectively, of repurchases of our common shares under our share repurchase programs during each of those years. During fiscal 2021, we also borrowed 220.0 million under our Amended Credit Facility in order to preserve financial flexibility and maintain liquidity and flexibility in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We subsequently repaid the entire 220.0 million during fiscal 2021. 
 Credit Facilities 
 See Note 8, Debt, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for certain financial information regarding the Company's debt. 
 Capital and Operating Expenditures 
 During fiscal 2024, we plan to complete construction on a new omni-channel fulfillment center in Kansas City, Kansas, open approximately 35 new Company-owned retail locations, expand or relocate certain existing retail locations, increase capacity at our Bristol, Pennsylvania Nuuly fulfillment center and invest in a new Nuuly fulfillment center in Raymore, Missouri in response to the growth in Nuuly subscribers, invest in new products, markets and brands, purchase inventory and rental product for our operating segments at levels appropriate to maintain our planned sales, upgrade our systems, improve and expand our digital capabilities, invest in omni-channel marketing when appropriate and repurchase common shares. We believe that our new brand initiatives, new store openings, merchandise expansion programs, international growth opportunities and our marketing, social media, website and mobile initiatives are significant contributors to our sales. During fiscal 2024, we plan to continue our investment in these initiatives for all brands. We anticipate our capital expenditures during fiscal 2024 to be approximately 230 million, primarily to support new and expanded fulfillment and distribution centers and new store openings. All fiscal 2024 capital expenditures are expected to be financed by cash flow from operating activities and existing cash and cash equivalents. We believe that our new store investments generally have the potential to generate positive cash flow within a year. We may also enter into one or more acquisitions or transactions related to the expansion of our brand offerings, including additional franchise and joint venture agreements. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, availability under our current credit facilities and future cash flows provided by operations will be sufficient to fund these initiatives. 
 Share Repurchases 
 See Note 12, Shareholders Equity, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for certain financial information regarding the Company s share repurchases. 
 30 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of January 31, 2023: 

Payments Due by Period (in thousands) 

Description 
 
 Total Obligations 

Less Than One Year 

More Than One Year 

Operating leases (1) 

1,361,892 

292,057 

1,069,835 

Purchase commitments (2) 

780,098 

730,658 

49,440 

Tax payable (3) 

21,323 

5,331 

15,992 

Construction contracts (4) 

121,212 

121,212 

Total contractual obligations 

2,284,525 

1,149,258 

1,135,267 

(1) Refer to Note 9, Leases, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) Refer to Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(3) Represents one-time transition tax payable related to cash taxes payable in future years as a result of the Tax Act. Excluded from the above table are tax contingencies of 23,320 because we cannot reasonably estimate in which future periods these amounts will ultimately be settled. As a result, the 23,320 liability was classified as a non-current liability in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31, 2023. 

(4) Refer to Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Subsequent to January 31, 2023, we signed a lease in the amount of 57,311 for a Nuuly fulfillment center in Raymore, Missouri beginning in fiscal 2024 over a 15-year lease term. Refer to Note 9, Leases, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, subsequent to January 31, 2023, we committed 100,000 to purchase a membership interest in a federal low-income housing tax credit entity. An initial payment of 20,000 was paid at closing with the remaining balance payable in quarterly installments over a five year period beginning in fiscal 2024. In exchange for the payments, we expect to realize a comparable amount of tax credits that will reduce our future federal income tax payments. Refer to Note 10, Income Taxes, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Commercial Commitments 
 The following table summarizes our commercial commitments as of January 31, 2023: 

Amount of Commitment Per Period (in thousands) 

Description 
 
 Total Amounts Committed 

Less Than One Year 

More Than One Year 

Trade letters of credit (1) 

75,665 

75,665 

Stand-by letters of credit (2) 

12,433 

12,433 

Total commercial commitments 

88,098 

88,098 

(1) Consists primarily of outstanding letter of credit commitments in connection with import inventory purchases. Refer to Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) Consists primarily of stand-by letters of credit for customs, construction, lease guarantees and insurance. Refer to Note 8, Debt, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Other Matters 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recent Accounting Pronouncements , in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recently adopted and issued accounting pronouncements. 
 31 
 
 Seasonality 
 Our business experiences seasonal fluctuations in net sales and net income, with a more significant portion typically realized in the second half of each year predominantly due to the year-end holiday period. Historically, and consistent with the retail industry, the seasonality also impacts our working capital requirements, particularly with regard to inventory. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to the following types of market risks fluctuations in the purchase price of merchandise, as well as other goods and services, the value of foreign currencies in relation to the U.S. dollar and changes in interest rates. Due to our inventory turnover rate and our historical ability to pass through the impact of any generalized changes in our cost of goods to our customers through pricing adjustments, commodity and other product risks are not expected to be material. We purchase the majority of our merchandise in U.S. dollars, including a majority of the goods for our stores located in Canada and a portion of the goods for our stores located in Europe. 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in foreign currencies is due to our financial statements being presented in U.S. dollars and our international subsidiaries transacting in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in exchange rates in effect during or at the end of the reporting period may affect the value of the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. As we expand our international operations, the potential impact of currency fluctuations increases. 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates to our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and the Credit Facility. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities consisted primarily of cash on hand and in banks, money market accounts, municipal and pre-refunded municipal bonds rated BBB or better, corporate bonds rated BBB or better, certificates of deposit and mutual funds. Due to the short average maturity and conservative nature of our investment portfolio, we believe a 100 basis point change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements. As the interest rates on a material portion of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are variable, a change in interest rates earned on the cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities would impact interest income along with cash flows, but would not impact the fair market value of the related underlying instruments. 
 We are exposed to market risks relating to changes in interest rates on outstanding borrowings under our Credit Facility because these borrowings bear interest at variable rates. A 100 basis point change in our applicable interest rate would not have a material impact to interest expense for the year ended January 31, 2023. 
 Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Seasonality and from our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Control s and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on this review, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of January 31, 2023. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our system of internal control is designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our system of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2023. 
 The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023 was audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that is included on page 34 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 32 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

33 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Urban Outfitters, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Urban Outfitters, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of January 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for the year ended January 31, 2023, and our report dated April 3, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 34 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 The following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of our executive officers and directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Richard A. Hayne 
 
 75 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Melanie Marein-Efron 
 
 53 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Francis J. Conforti 
 
 47 
 
 Co-President and Chief Operating Officer, URBN 

Sheila B. Harrington 
 
 50 
 
 Global Chief Executive Officer, Urban Outfitters Group and Free People Group 

Azeez Hayne 
 
 46 
 
 Chief Administrative Officer, URBN 

Margaret A. Hayne Tricia D. Smith 
 
 64 51 
 
 Co-President and Chief Creative Officer, URBN; Director Global Chief Executive Officer, Anthropologie Group 

Edward N. Antoian (1) 
 
 67 
 
 Director 

Kelly Campbell (2) 
 
 45 
 
 Director 

Harry S. Cherken, Jr. 
 
 74 
 
 Director 

Mary C. Egan (3) 
 
 55 
 
 Director 

Amin N. Maredia (2)(3) 
 
 50 
 
 Director 

Wesley McDonald (1)(2) 
 
 60 
 
 Director 

Todd R. Morgenfeld (1)(2) 
 
 50 
 
 Director 

John C. Mulliken (3) 
 
 50 
 
 Director 

(1) Member of the Audit Committee. 

(2) Member of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee. 

(3) Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. 

Mr. R. Hayne co-founded Urban Outfitters in 1970. He has been Chairman of the Board of Directors since the Company s incorporation in 1976 and, until February 2016, also served as the Company s President. Mr. R. Hayne served as the Company s principal executive officer until 2007 and again beginning in January 2012. Margaret A. Hayne, Co-President and Chief Creative Officer of the Company, is Mr. R. Hayne s spouse. Azeez Hayne, Chief Administrative Officer of the Company, is Mr. R. Hayne s nephew. Mr. R. Hayne s long tenure leading the Company as Chairman of the Board of Directors, his tenure as principal executive officer and his exceptional leadership skills make him uniquely qualified to serve as a director. 
 Ms. Marein-Efron joined the Company in January 2013 as Director of Financial, Planning Analysis, was subsequently promoted to Executive Director Finance Corporate Development, and in November 2020 was promoted to Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Marein-Efron worked at Campbell Soup Company, Godiva Chocolate and General Motors in various senior finance roles. She began her career at Arthur Andersen in 1991 in the financial advisory consulting practice. Ms. Marein-Efron has served on the board of directors of Bloomin' Brands (NASDAQ: BLMN) since August 2022. Ms. Marein-Efron holds a B.S. in Economics and M.B.A in Finance from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and is a Certified Public Accountant. 
 Mr. Conforti joined the Company in March 2007 as Director of Finance and SEC Reporting. After being promoted to Controller and then to Chief Accounting Officer, he was appointed Chief Financial Officer in April 2012, and Co-President and Chief Operating Officer in October 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Conforti, a Certified Public Accountant, worked for AlliedBarton Security Services, LLC for five years, serving as Controller for three years. Mr. Conforti began his career at KPMG in 1998 where he held various audit roles. 
 Ms. Harrington has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Urban Outfitters Group since January 2021 and as Chief Executive Officer of the Free People Group since October 2020. Prior to that, Ms. Harrington served as President of the Free People Group beginning in August 2016 and Chief Merchandising Officer of the Free People Group from February 2015 to August 2016 and Merchandise Director of the Free People Group from March 2010 to February 2015. Ms. Harrington joined the Free People brand in 2002 to help launch the first store. Prior to joining Free People, Ms. Harrington spent time within the merchant organizations of Bloomingdales and The Gap. Ms. Harrington has a BS in Psychology from Queen s University. 
 Mr. A. Hayne joined the Company in February 2015 as Associate General Counsel and was appointed General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in June 2015, and Chief Administrative Officer in October 2020. Before joining the Company, Mr. A. Hayne worked for Morgan Lewis Bockius LLP, serving as a partner in their Labor Employment Practice Group from October 2010 through January 2015. After graduating from the University of Virginia School of Law in 2001, Mr. A. Hayne began his legal career in Pepper Hamilton LLP s Commercial Litigation department before moving to Morgan Lewis Bockius LLP in July 2003. Richard A. Hayne, the Company s current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is Mr. A. Hayne s uncle, and Margaret A. Hayne, the Company s current Co-President and Chief Creative Officer, is Mr. A. Hayne s aunt. 
 35 
 
 Ms. Hayne joined the Company in August 1982. She is an over 40-year veteran of the retail and wholesale industry. She has served as Co-President of the Company since October 2020 and as Chief Creative Officer of the Company. since November 2013. Ms. Hayne previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Free People from August 2015 until October 2020 and President of Free People from March 2007 until August 2016. Richard A. Hayne, the Company s current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is Ms. Hayne s spouse. Azeez Hayne, Chief Administrative Officer, is Ms. Hayne s nephew. As an employee of the Company for over 40 years and a director since 2013, Ms. Hayne brings a wealth of both Company-specific and industry-wide knowledge and experience to the Board of Directors. 
 Ms. Smith joined the Company in April 2021 as the Global Chief Executive Officer of the Anthropologie Group. Prior to joining the Company, she was the Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer at Tilly s from October 2019 through April 2021. Ms. Smith began her career on the sales floor at Nordstrom in Southern California that eventually led her to the role of Executive Vice President General Merchandise Manager of Women s, Young Contemporary, Designer, and Specialized Apparel, which she held from October 2016 to September 2019, and was an instrumental leader for a variety of significant merchandise management roles over her 25 year career. 
 Mr. Antoian is a partner of and Founder of Zeke Capital Advisors, a financial advisory firm. From 1997 until March 2019, Mr. Antoian was a partner and Senior Portfolio Manager at Chartwell Investment Partners. Prior to that, Mr. Antoian worked at Delaware Management Co. as a Senior Portfolio Manager and at E.F. Hutton in Institutional Sales and as a certified public accountant for Price Waterhouse. Mr. Antoian holds an MBA in Finance and has financial and investment experience as a result of his experience as a CFA, CPA, financial advisor and portfolio manager. Mr. Antoian serves as a director of a not-for-profit entity and two private companies. As an independent director, Mr. Antoian brings his in-depth understanding of, and expertise in, finance and accounting to the Board of Directors. 
 Ms. Campbell has served as President of Peacock, NBCUniversal s streaming service, since November 1, 2021. Prior to joining Peacock, Ms. Campbell served as President of Hulu from February 2020 to October 2021 and as Chief Marketing Officer of Hulu from August 2017 to February 2020. From 2005 to 2017, Ms. Campbell held a variety of roles at Google across the Google Ads and Google Cloud businesses. Ms. Campbell brings a wealth of knowledge and experience about marketing and subscription businesses to the Board of Directors. 
 Mr. Cherken retired from the law firm of Faegre Drinker Biddle Reath LLP in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on December 31, 2022. Mr. Cherken was a partner of that firm from November 1984 to January 2020 and Senior Counsel from January 2020 to December 2022. Mr. Cherken also formerly served as managing partner of the firm and as either Chair or Co-Chair of its Real Estate Group for 18 years. As a real estate lawyer for over 45 years representing public and private companies in the acquisition, construction, development, financing, leasing, management, consolidation and disposition of commercial real estate, he has extensive experience with various types of real estate transactions and retail leases, including negotiating real estate transactions and leases on behalf of the Company nearly from its inception. He also holds a Masters in Liberal Arts degree and serves as a trustee of various not-for-profit entities and academic institutions. In 2021, Mr. Cherken was appointed Honorary Consul for Philadelphia of the Republic of Armenia. 
 Mr. Maredia is a Co-founder of, and Managing Partner at Meaningful Partners, a consumer-focused fund that invests in purpose, mission and consumer relevant businesses in the consumer sector. Prior to co-founding Meaningful Partners in 2018, Mr. Maredia served as the Chief Executive Officer of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc Sprouts ), the second largest healthy grocer in the United States, beginning in 2015 and also served on the board of directors of Sprouts. Mr. Maredia also served as Chief Financial Officer of Sprouts from 2011 to 2015. Before Sprouts, Mr. Maredia served in key global strategic roles at Burger King Corporation including leading strategy, global business development and finance. Mr. Maredia has also been deeply involved in local and global community work for over two decades around health, education and economic development with various domestic and global organizations including the Aga Khan Development Network, the Sprouts Healthy Communities Foundation, Teach for America and Pratham USA. Mr. Maredia attended the Harvard Business School management program and has an undergraduate degree in Accounting from the University of Houston. Mr. Maredia s in-depth experience in the consumer sector, including high growth omni-channel businesses, as well as his public company experience as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and board member brings valuable expertise to serve as a director. 
 Mr. McDonald has been retired since 2017. Previously, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Kohl s Corporation from 2003 to 2017. Mr. McDonald began his tenure at Kohl s in 2003 as its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before joining Kohl s, Mr. McDonald served as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Abercrombie Fitch Co. Earlier in his career, he held several positions of increasing responsibility at Target Corporation. Mr. McDonald currently serves on the Board of Directors of Wingstop Inc., which operates and franchises over 2,000 restaurants worldwide. Mr. McDonald s experience as a chief financial officer and in other senior executive leadership roles working with publicly traded consumer products companies provides him with a distinctive set of qualifications and skills to serve as a director. 
 Mr. Morgenfeld is the Chief Financial Officer and Head of Business Operations of Pinterest, Inc., a position he has held since 2019. On February 1, 2023, Mr. Morgenfeld announced his plan to step down from his position at Pinterest, Inc., effective as of July 1, 
 36 
 
 2023. From 2016 to 2019, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Pinterest, Inc. Before joining Pinterest, Mr. Morgenfeld served as Vice President of Finance at Twitter from 2015 to 2016 and Treasurer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development and Corporate Financial Analytics for Hewlett-Packard Company from 2013 to 2015. Prior to his role at Hewlett-Packard, Mr. Morgenfeld was an investment partner at Silver Lake Partners from 2004 to 2013. Mr. Morgenfeld graduated first in his class from the United States Military Academy and also holds an MBA degree from Stanford University. Mr. Morgenfeld has served as a director of a not-for-profit entity and as chairman of the board and member of the audit committee of a public company. His significant finance and consumer internet experience provides valuable expertise to the Board of Directors. 
 
 Mr. Mulliken currently serves as a Senior Advisor with The Boston Consulting Group BCG ), a global management consulting firm where Mr. Mulliken previously served as a management consultant on topics of retail, consumer goods and technology, and a frequent advisor to high growth technology companies. Prior to re-joining BCG in 2020 , Mr. Mulliken served on the executive team at Wayfair Inc. for a decade, serving as Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Strategic Initiatives . Mr. Mulliken founded and led several lifestyle brands including Joss Main and Birch Lane. He also led the acquisition and integration of DwellStudio as well as the ground-up creation of a proprietary ad tech business and tech stack. Mr. Mulliken previously served as the Chief Integrated Product Officer at IndigoAg, an agricultural technology company. Mr. Mulliken also serves on the board at Bombas, a direct-to-consumer apparel company. Mr. Mulliken has a 25-year track record of leading innovation and growth as a technology executive and management consultant. Mr. Mulliken earned his undergraduate degree in Mathematics from Reed College and his MBA in Corporate Finance from London Business School. Mr. Mulliken s decades of experience in ecommerce and multichannel retail as Chief Technology Officer and member of the executive team of a publicly traded company, as well as a strategy consultant and independent director, provides him valuable perspective as a director. 
 
 Ms. Egan has been serving as an independent strategy consultant to high growth private equity and venture-capital backed consumer companies since 2018, currently as principal of Egan Advisory Group. In 2013, Ms. Egan founded Gatheredtable, a consumer software as a service company offering customized meal planning, and served as its Chief Executive Officer until Gatheredtable was sold to a strategic buyer in 2018. From 2010 to 2012, Ms. Egan served as head of global strategy and corporate development for Starbucks Corporation and in 2012 led Starbucks food category in the Americas. From 1996 to 2010, Ms. Egan was a management consultant and Managing Director at The Boston Consulting Group, where she partnered with several leading consumer and retail brands to develop and successfully implement aggressive growth strategies. Ms. Egan also serves on the board of directors of American Campus Communities, Inc. and Noodles Company. Ms. Egan s decades of experience partnering with management teams to develop and implement consumer-centric strategies for high growth omnichannel consumer brands, as well as working extensively with founders and entrepreneurs, gives her a unique set of skills to contribute to the Board of Directors. 
 
 Code of Conduct and Ethics 
 We have a written Code of Conduct and Ethics (the Code that applies to our directors and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. The Code includes guidelines relating to compliance with laws, including anti-bribery and illegal payment laws, the ethical handling of actual or potential conflicts of interest, the use of corporate opportunities, protection and use of our confidential information, accepting gifts and business courtesies, accurate financial reporting and procedures for promoting compliance with, and reporting violations of, the Code. The Code is available on our website at www.urbn.com . We intend to post any amendments to the Code and also to disclose any waivers (to the extent applicable to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Principal Accounting Officer) on our website. 
 
 Other Information 
 Other information required by Item 10 relating to the Company s directors is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 37 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. ). Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 38 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Fina ncial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Financial Statements filed herewith are listed in the accompanying index on page F-1. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedule 
 None 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required, or because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 The Exhibits listed below are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 000-22754) filed on September 9, 2004. 

3.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 000-22754) filed on September 9, 2004. 

3.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 000-22754) filed on May 31, 2013. 

3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2020. 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (file no. 000-22754) filed on March 31, 2020. 

10.1 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated June 29, 2018, by and among Urban Outfitters, Inc., its domestic subsidiaries, URBN Canada Retail, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as joint lead arrangers and co-book managers, and certain other lenders party thereto is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 10, 2018. 

10.2 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of August 22, 2019, by and among Urban Outfitters, Inc., its domestic subsidiaries, URBN Canada Retail, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as joint lead arrangers and co-book managers, and certain other lenders party thereto (filed herewith). 

10.3 
 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of October 21, 2021, by and among Urban Outfitters, Inc., its domestic subsidiaries, URBN Canada Retail, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as joint lead arrangers and co-book managers, and certain other lenders party thereto (filed herewith). 

10.4 
 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated June 10, 2022, by and among Urban Outfitters, Inc., its domestic subsidiaries, URBN Canada Retail, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as joint lead arrangers and co-book managers, and certain other lenders party thereto is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 9, 2022. 

10.5 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated February 10, 2023, by and among Urban Outfitters, Inc., its domestic subsidiaries, URBN Canada Retail, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as joint lead arrangers and co-book managers, and certain other lenders party thereto (filed herewith). 

10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated U.S. Pledge and Security Agreement, dated June 29, 2018, by and among Urban Outfitters, Inc., its domestic subsidiaries, URBN Canada Retail, Inc., and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 10, 2018. 

39 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

10.7+ 
 
 Urban Outfitters 2004 Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Appendix B of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (file no. 000-22754) filed on April 26, 2004 and Amendment No. 1 to the Urban Outfitters 2004 Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (file no. 000-22754) filed on April 25, 2005. 

10.8+ 
 
 Urban Outfitters 401(k) Savings Plan (formerly known as The Urban Outfitters, Inc. PROFIT SHARING FUND prior to July 1, 1999) is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (file no. 033-69378) filed on November 3, 1993. (P) 

10.9+ 
 
 Urban Outfitters 2008 Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Appendix B of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (file no. 000-22754) filed on April 2, 2013. 

10.10+ 
 
 Urban Outfitters Executive Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective February 1, 2010, is incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 1, 2015. 

10.11+ 
 
 Urban Outfitters Amended 2017 Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (file no. 000-22754) filed on April 1, 2022. 

10.12+ 
 
 Form of 2008 Plan Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 000-22754) filed on June 18, 2009. 

10.13+ 
 
 Form of 2008 Plan Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 000-22754) filed on June 18, 2009. 

10.14+ 
 
 Form of 2008 Plan Incentive Stock Option Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 000-22754) filed on June 18, 2009. 

10.15+ 
 
 Form of 2008 Plan Performance Stock Unit Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 000-22754) filed on September 7, 2010. 

10.16+ 
 
 Form of 2008 Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 000-22754) filed on December 10, 2010. 

10.17+ 
 
 Form of 2008 Plan Performance/Restricted Stock Unit Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 000-22754) filed on December 12, 2011. 

10.18+ 
 
 Form of 2008 Plan Stock Appreciation Right Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 000-22754) filed on December 12, 2011. 

10.19+ 
 
 Form of 2017 Plan Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 000-22754) filed on January 11, 2022. 

10.20+ 
 
 Form of 2017 Plan Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 000-22754) filed on May 30, 2017. 

10.21+ 
 
 Form of 2017 Plan Incentive Stock Option Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 000-22754) filed on January 11, 2022. 

10.22+ 
 
 Form of 2017 Plan Performance/Restricted Stock Unit Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 000-22754) filed on January 11, 2022. 

10.23+ 
 
 Form of 2017 Plan Stock Appreciation Right Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 000-22754) filed on January 11, 2022. 

10.24 
 
 Limited Waiver, dated as of August 12, 2020, by and among Urban Outfitters, Inc., the other Loan Parties party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, under that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 29, 2018, among the Company, the Subsidiary Borrowers, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 9, 2020. 

10.25+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 20, 2021, between Urban Outfitters, Inc. and Tricia D. Smith incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 000-227545) filed on September 9, 2021 . 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

40 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer. 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Company s Principal Financial Officer. 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer. 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Company s Principal Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 
 	Furnished herewith 
 +	Compensatory plan 
 P	Paper filing 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 41 
 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 

April 3, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ R ICHARD A. H AYNE 

Richard A. Hayne 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/ S / R ICHARD A. H AYNE Richard A. Hayne (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 3, 2023 

/ S / M ELANIE M AREIN -E FRON Melanie Marein-Efron (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 3, 2023 

/ S / E DWARD N. A NTOIAN Edward N. Antoian 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 

/ S / K ELLY C AMPBELL Kelly Campbell / S / H ARRY S. C HERKEN , J R . Harry S. Cherken Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 

Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 

/ S / M ARY C. E GAN Mary C. Egan 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 

/ S / M ARGARET A. H AYNE Margaret A. Hayne 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 

/ S / A MIN N. M AREDIA Amin N. Maredia 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 

/ S / W ESLEY M C D ONALD Wesley McDonald 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 

/ S / T ODD R. M ORGENFELD Todd R. Morgenfeld 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 

/ S / J OHN C. M ULLIKEN John C. Mulliken 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 

42 

URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 
 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 9 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPEND ENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Urban Outfitters, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Urban Outfitters, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in lnternal Control - lntegrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated April 3, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Retail Location Asset Impairment Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company evaluates retail location assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances exist that may indicate that the carrying amounts of retail location assets may not be recoverable. Events that result in an impairment review include plans to close a retail location, a significant decrease in the operating results of the retail location or significant adverse changes in the business climate. When such events or changes in circumstances occur, the Company evaluates its retail location assets for impairment by comparing the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the location to the location assets carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the location assets exceed the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an analysis is performed to estimate the fair value of the assets. An impairment charge is recorded if the fair value of the retail location assets is less than the carrying amount. 
 
 The Company makes significant assumptions to evaluate retail location assets for possible indications of impairment. When an indication of impairment is identified, management makes significant assumptions to estimate cash flows from forecasts of sales and gross profit for retail locations and, when the carrying amount of the location assets exceed those cash flows, to determine the fair 
 F- 2 

value of the Company s operating lease right-of-use assets. 
 
 Given the Company s evaluation of retail location asset impairment requires management to make significant assumptions, performing audit procedures to evaluate whether management appropriately identified events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amounts of retail location assets may not be recoverable, and, when applicable, developed reasonable forecasts of sales and gross profit and fair value estimates for operating lease right-of-use assets, including the methodology applied and the measurement inputs of market rent, required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the assistance of our fair value specialists. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures to evaluate whether management appropriately identified events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amounts of retail location assets may not be recoverable, and, when applicable, developed reasonable forecasts of sales and gross profit and determined fair value estimates for operating lease right-of-use assets, included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of the controls over management s identification of events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the carrying amounts of retail location assets may not be recoverable, the review of forecasts of sales and gross profit and the review of the methodology and the measurement inputs of market rent, underlying the fair value estimates for operating lease right-of-use assets. 

We evaluated management s impairment analysis by: 

- Testing retail location assets for possible indications of impairment, including searching for locations with a current period loss and a history of losses. 

- Evaluating whether the events or changes in circumstances that may have existed were identified by management, consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

We evaluated management s ability to accurately estimate cash flow from forecasts of sales and gross profit for retail locations and the reasonableness of the forecasts by comparing them to: 

- Historical sales and gross profit. 

- Internal communications to management and the board of directors. 

- External communications made by management to analysts and investors. 

- External information regarding retail industry growth and trends. 

With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodology applied and fair value determined for the lease right-of-use assets by: 

- Testing the methodology applied and measurement inputs of market rent, underlying the determination of the fair value and the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 

- Developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the fair value determined by management. 

/s/ 

April 3, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2005. 
 F- 3 

URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

January 31, 

January 31, 

2023 

2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Marketable securities 

Deferred income taxes and other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Deferred rent and other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 15) 

Shareholders equity: 

Preferred shares; par value, shares authorized, issued 

Common shares; par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 

URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 
 Consolidated Stat ements of Income 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net sales 

Cost of sales (excluding store impairment) 

Store impairment 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Income from operations 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Other expense 

() 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Net income per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive (loss) income: 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

Change in unrealized (losses) gains on marketable securities, net of tax 

() 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Common Shares 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Total 

Number of Shares 

Par Value 

Balances as of January 31, 2020 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Share-based compensation 

Share-based awards 

Share repurchases 

() 

() 

() 

Balances as of January 31, 2021 

() 

Comprehensive income 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Share-based awards 

Share repurchases 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balances as of January 31, 2022 

() 

Comprehensive income 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Share-based awards 

Share repurchases 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balances as of January 31, 2023 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Non-cash lease expense 

Benefit for deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation expense 

Store impairment 

Loss on disposition of property and equipment, net 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Receivables 

() 

() 

Inventory 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Payables, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash paid for property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Cash paid for marketable securities 

() 

() 

() 

Sales and maturities of marketable securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings under debt 

Repayments of debt 

() 

Proceeds from the exercise of share-based awards 

Share repurchases related to share repurchase program 

() 

() 

() 

Share repurchases related to taxes for share-based awards 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Income taxes 

Non-cash investing activities Accrued capital expenditures 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 
 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 and stores, respectively. Stores located in the United States totaled as of January 31, 2023 and as of January 31, 2022. Operations in Europe and Canada included stores and stores as of January 31, 2023, respectively, and stores and stores as of January 31, 2022, respectively. In addition, the Company s Wholesale segment sold and distributed apparel to department and specialty stores worldwide, digital businesses and to the Company s Retail segment. The Company s Nuuly segment consists of the Nuuly brand, which includes Nuuly Rent and Nuuly Thrift. Nuuly Rent is a monthly women s apparel subscription rental service. Nuuly Thrift, which launched in October 2021, is a peer-to-peer resale marketplace where customers can buy and sell any brand of women s, men s, and kids apparel, shoes, and accessories. Current Trends Impact of the Coronavirus Pandemic on Fiscal 2021 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic. Consequently, the Company announced that it temporarily closed all stores, offices and showrooms globally, but began to reopen stores in late April 2020. The Company's distribution and fulfillment centers remained open to support the digital business and the Wholesale segment operations. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, certain store operations were again impacted by an additional round of temporary store closures and occupancy restrictions, primarily in Europe and Canada. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company took measures to protect its financial position and increase financial flexibility. During fiscal 2021, the Company recorded certain additional reserves, including inventory obsolescence reserves and an allowance for doubtful accounts for Wholesale segment customer accounts receivable and non-cash charges, primarily store impairment charges. Impact of the Coronavirus Pandemic on Fiscal 2022 The COVID-19 pandemic continued to negatively impact the Company's store operations during fiscal 2022 with residual impacts on store traffic and store sales resulting from store closures, primarily in Europe and Canada, occupancy restrictions and reduced store hours globally. During the second quarter of fiscal 2022, all remaining COVID-19 government mandated store closures in Europe and Canada expired, although some capacity restrictions continued in certain European and Canadian stores. The COVID-19 pandemic and general unfavorable macroeconomic conditions also disrupted the Company's global supply chain in fiscal 2022, leading to COVID-19 related factory and port closures, continued port congestion and shipping delays, which resulted in inventory receipt delays and an increase in inbound transportation costs. The Company made a strategic decision to accelerate receipt of certain product categories earlier in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2022 in an attempt to minimize the impact of such disruptions on the ability to fulfill customer demand. Impact of the Coronavirus Pandemic and Macroeconomic Uncertainties on Fiscal 2023 and Future Operations The COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on the global economy continued to impact the Company's operations through fiscal 2023 and related government and private sector responsive actions could continue to affect its business operations. In the first half of fiscal 2023, the Company continued to experience global supply chain disruptions resulting in inventory receipt delays and, in response, the Company continued to further diversify its supply chain. Beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2023, timing of supply chain deliveries started to improve. The Company expects that its operations will continue to be influenced by economic pressures such as inflation and labor shortages, resulting in higher employee wage expense and lower levels of discretionary spending by its customers, particularly customers of the Urban Outfitters brand. Additionally, fluctuations in foreign currency rates may continue to impact the Company's operating results. The Company cannot reasonably estimate the duration and severity of existing and future macroeconomic conditions or current global issues that may have a material effect on the Company's business and the global economy. As a result, current financial information may not be necessarily indicative of future operating results. 

() 

Year ended January 31, 2022 

() 

Year ended January 31, 2021 

() 

prior 12 months and the value and nature of merchandise currently held in inventory and priced below original cost. A provision is recorded to reduce the cost of inventory to its estimated net realizable value, if appropriate. The Company assessed the value of its inventory in the Retail and Wholesale segments due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and recorded an increase in inventory obsolescence reserves during the first quarter of fiscal 2021, and as a result of disciplined inventory control and better than planned product performance, during the remainder of fiscal 2021, the Company decreased a portion of its inventory obsolescence reserves. The majority of inventory at January 31, 2023 and 2022 consisted of finished goods. Raw materials and work-in-process were not material to the overall inventory value. 
 , for furniture and fixtures, years for buildings and three to for other operating equipment. Major renovations or improvements that extend the service lives of our assets are capitalized over the lesser of the extension period, life of the improvement, or the remaining term of the lease. 
 
 locations, totaling , with a carrying value after impairment of primarily related to the right-of-use assets. During fiscal 2021, the Company recorded impairment charges for retail locations, totaling , with a carrying value after impairment of primarily related to the right-of-use assets. The impairment charges in fiscal 2021 were primarily due to the impact of the mandated store closures as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and lower store productivity once opened. During the Company s assessment of current and future performance, it was determined that these retail locations would not be able to generate sufficient cash flow over the expected remaining lease term to recover the remaining carrying value of the respective retail location assets. 
 up to years , some of which contain options to extend the lease for . Payments related to a renewal period are included in the lease liability and right-of-use asset only when the Company is reasonably certain that it will exercise the option to renew the lease for an extended period of time. Certain leases may contain variable lease payments such as rent based on a percentage of net sales. Variable lease payments may be subject to a breakpoint threshold of fixed rent. Variable lease payments, other than those that depend on an index or a rate, are not included in the measurement of the lease liability. The lease liability is calculated at the present value of certain future payments, discounted using the Company s incremental borrowing rate, which approximates the rate of interest the Company would pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a fully collateralized basis over a similar term. Significant judgment is used in determining the incremental borrowing rate related to estimates for credit rating, credit spread and the impact of collateral. The Company developed incremental borrowing rates at a lease portfolio level. The right-of-use asset is initially equal to the value of the lease liability less any amounts received from the landlord as incentives or tenant improvement allowances. During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company received rent concessions for a number of our stores and continue to negotiate for additional rent concessions at various other store locations. To the extent the rent concessions do not result in a substantial increase in total payments in the existing lease, the Company has accounted for such rent concessions as negative variable rent. To the extent the rent concessions do result in a substantial increase in total payments in the existing lease, the Company has accounted for such rent concessions as a lease modification. Rent concessions recorded by the Company during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 as either negative variable rent or lease modifications have not had a material impact on the Company s Financial Statements. 
 -day policy. Menus Venues: Revenue from restaurant sales and events is recognized upon completion of the service, when the Company satisfies its single performance obligation. Customer deposits may be received in advance for events and that represent a contract liability until the Company satisfies its performance obligation. Subscription Fees: Revenue for Nuuly Rent is primarily generated through monthly subscription fees. The monthly subscription rental fee is recognized as revenue in the month the customer is billed. A customer may pause the monthly subscription, at which point the customer will not be billed for future months until the subscription is no longer on hold. Gift Cards: The Company accounts for a gift card transaction by recording a liability at the time the gift card is issued to the customer in exchange for consideration from the customer. At the time of issuance, the Company has an open performance obligation for the future delivery of promised goods or services. The liability remains outstanding until the card is redeemed by the customer, at which time the Company recognizes revenue. Over time, a portion of the outstanding gift cards will not be redeemed by the customer which we refer to as breakage . Revenue is recognized from breakage over time in proportion to gift card redemptions. Judgment is used in determining the amount of breakage revenue to be recognized and is based on historical gift card redemption patterns. Gift card breakage revenue is included in net sales and is not material. The Company s gift cards do not expire. 
 the future. The costs of returns are recorded as a current asset rather than net with the sales return reserve liability. As of January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the sales return reserve was , and , respectively. 

and as of January 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively, and are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Advertising expenses were , and for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the Company incurred web creative expenses of , and for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Advertising expenses and web creative expenses are both included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

and as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, respectively, and unrealized losses, net of tax, on marketable securities of and as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, respectively. The tax effect of the unrealized gains (losses) on marketable securities recorded in comprehensive income was , and during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Gross realized gains and losses are included in Interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income and were not material to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for all three years presented. 

F- 14 
 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 and , respectively. For the year ended January 31, 2022, the opening and closing balance of contract receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, was and , respectively. Contract receivables are included in Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Contract liabilities represent unearned revenue and result from the Company receiving consideration in a contract with a customer for which it has not satisfied all of its performance obligations. The Company s contract liabilities result from customer deposits, customer loyalty programs and the issuance of gift cards. Gift cards are expected to be redeemed within of issuance, with the majority of redemptions occurring in the first year. For the year ended January 31, 2023, the opening and closing balance of contract liabilities was and , respectively. For the year ended January 31, 2022, the opening and closing balance of contract liabilities was and , respectively. Contract liabilities are included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company recognized of revenue that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period. During the year ended January 31, 2022, the Company recognized of revenue that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period. See Note 17, Segment Reporting, for additional information including net sales recorded by reportable segment and net sales from contracts with customers by merchandise category. 

 F- 15 
 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

() 

Municipal and pre-refunded municipal bonds 

() 

US Treasury securities 

() 

Commercial paper 

Federal government agencies 

() 

() 

Long-term Investments: 

Corporate bonds 

() 

Municipal and pre-refunded municipal bonds 

() 

Federal government agencies 

() 

Mutual funds, held in rabbi trust 

() 

Certificates of deposit 

() 

() 

As of January 31, 2022 

Short-term Investments: 

Corporate bonds 

() 

Municipal and pre-refunded municipal bonds 

() 

US Treasury securities 

() 

Commercial paper 

() 

Long-term Investments: 

Corporate bonds 

() 

Municipal and pre-refunded municipal bonds 

() 

US Treasury securities 

() 

Federal government agencies 

() 

Mutual funds, held in rabbi trust 

() 

Certificates of deposit 

() 

() 

Proceeds from the sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities were , and in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company included in Interest income, in the Consolidated Statements of Income, a net realized loss of during fiscal 2023, a net realized gain of during fiscal 2022 and a net realized loss of during fiscal 2021. Amortization of discounts and premiums, net, resulted in a reduction of Interest income of , and for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Mutual funds represent assets held in an irrevocable rabbi trust for the Company s Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan NQDC ). These assets are a source of funds to match the funding obligations to participants in the NQDC but are subject to the Company s general creditors. The Company elected the fair value option for financial assets for the mutual funds held in the rabbi trust resulting in all unrealized gains and losses being recorded in Interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

() 

() 

() 

Municipal and pre-refunded municipal bonds 

() 

() 

() 

US Treasury securities 

() 

() 

() 

Federal government agencies 

() 

() 

Mutual funds, held in rabbi trust 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

January 31, 2022 

Less Than 12 Months 

12 Months or Greater 

Total 

Description of Securities 
 
 Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

() 

Municipal and pre-refunded municipal bonds 

() 

() 

() 

US Treasury securities 

() 

() 

Federal government agencies 

() 

() 

Mutual funds, held in rabbi trust 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, there were a total of and securities with unrealized loss positions within the Company s portfolio, respectively. 

Municipal and pre-funded municipal bonds 

US Treasury securities 

Commercial paper 

Federal government agencies 

Mutual funds, held in rabbi trust 

Certificates of deposit 

Marketable Securities Fair Value as of January 31, 2022 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets: 

Corporate bonds 

Municipal and pre-refunded municipal bonds 

US Treasury securities 

Commercial paper 

Federal government agencies 

Mutual funds, held in rabbi trust 

Certificates of deposit 

Financial assets Level 1 assets consist of financial instruments whose value has been based on inputs that use, as their basis, readily observable market data that are actively quoted and are validated through external sources, including third-party pricing services and brokers. Level 2 assets consist of financial instruments whose value has been based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets as well as quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. Level 3 assets consist of financial instruments where there has been no active market. The Company held no Level 3 financial instruments as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents (Level 1) approximates carrying value since cash and cash equivalents consist of short-term highly liquid investments with maturities of less than three months at the time of purchase. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, cash and cash equivalents included cash on hand, cash in banks, money market accounts and marketable securities with maturities of less than three months at the time of purchase. Non-financial assets The Company s non-financial assets, primarily consisting of property and equipment and lease-related right-of-use assets, are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable and, in the case of goodwill, an annual assessment is performed. The fair value of property and equipment was determined using a discounted cash-flow model that utilized Level 3 inputs. The Company s retail locations are reviewed for impairment at the retail location level, which is the lowest level at which individual cash flows can be identified. In calculating future cash flows, the Company makes estimates regarding future operating results based on its experience and knowledge of market factors in which the retail location is located. Right-of-use assets are tested for impairment in the same manner as property and equipment. For lease right-of-use assets, the Company determines the estimated fair value of the assets by comparing the discounted contractual rent payments to estimated market rent using an acceptable valuation methodology. Goodwill has been assigned to reporting units for purposes of impairment testing. The Company evaluates goodwill to determine if the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit. During fiscal 2023 and 2021, the Company determined that certain long-lived assets at the Company s retail locations were unable to recover their carrying value. The impairment charges in fiscal 2021 were primarily due to the impact of the mandated store closures as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and lower store productivity once opened. These assets were written down to a fair value resulting in impairment charges of and in fiscal 2023 and 2021, respectively. 

 F- 18 
 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Buildings 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Other operating equipment 

Construction-in-progress 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Total 

Depreciation expense for property and equipment in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. 

Gift cards and merchandise credits 

Accrued sales and VAT taxes 

Accrued rents, estimated property taxes and other property expenses 

Federal, state and foreign income taxes 

Accrued construction 

Other current liabilities 

Total 

, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into the third amendment (the Third Amendment to the Company's amended and restated credit agreement dated as of June 29, 2018 (the Amended Credit Agreement ), amending the Company's asset-based revolving credit facility with its lenders, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, joint lead arranger and co-book managers along with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. The Third Amendment extends the maturity date of the senior secured revolving credit facility to , replaces LIBOR as a reference interest rate for borrowings and amends certain other provisions (the Amended Credit Facility ). The Amended Credit Facility provides for loans and letters of credit up to , subject to a borrowing base that is comprised of the Company s eligible accounts receivable and inventory and includes a swing-line sub-facility, a multicurrency sub-facility and the option to expand the facility by up to . Borrowings available under the Amended Credit Facility may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The Amended Credit Facility provides for interest on borrowings, at the Company s option, at either (i) adjusted SOFR, CDOR, SONIA or EURIBOR plus an applicable margin ranging from to , or (ii) an adjusted ABR plus an applicable margin ranging from to , each such applicable margin depending on the level of availability under the Amended Credit Facility. Depending on the type of borrowing, interest on the Amended Credit Facility is payable monthly, quarterly or at the end of the applicable interest period. A commitment fee of is payable quarterly on the unused portion of the Amended Credit Facility. All obligations under the Amended Credit Facility are unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and certain of its U.S. subsidiaries. The obligations under the Amended Credit Facility are secured by a first-priority security interest in inventory, accounts receivable and certain other assets of the Company and certain of its U.S. subsidiaries. The obligations of URBN Canada Retail, Inc. are secured by a first-priority security interest in its inventory, accounts receivable and certain other assets. The Amended Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, negative and affirmative covenants and provisions relating to events of default. As of January 31, 2023, the Company had in borrowings under the Amended Credit Facility. The Company borrowed and subsequently repaid during fiscal 2021 in order to preserve financial flexibility and maintain liquidity and flexibility in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. As of January 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement and expects to remain in compliance with all terms, including covenants, of the Amended Credit Agreement. Outstanding stand-by letters of credit, which reduce the funds available under the Amended Credit Facility, were . Interest expense for the Amended Credit Facility was , , and for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which was included in Interest expense, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. On February 10, 2023, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement to permit the Company to purchase a membership interest in a federal low-income housing tax credit entity. See Note 10, Income Taxes, for further discussion of the investment. 

 , and during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total variable lease costs were , and during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Short-term lease costs and sublease income were not material during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases 
 
 years 

years 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 

Total discounted future minimum lease payments 

As of January 31, 2023, the Company had commitments of approximately not included in the amounts above related to executed but not yet commenced store leases. Subsequent to January 31, 2023, the Company signed a lease in the amount of for a Nuuly fulfillment center in Raymore, Missouri beginning in fiscal 2024 over a 15-year lease term which is not included in the amounts above. Certain store leases provide for contingent rentals when sales exceed specified breakpoint levels, in lieu of a fixed minimum rent, that are not reflected in the above table. Additionally, there are locations where a percentage of sales are paid, in lieu of a fixed minimum rent, that are not reflected in the above table. Total rent expense related to these 88 locations was approximately for fiscal 2023. During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company received rent concessions for a number of our stores and continue to negotiate for additional rent concessions at various other store locations. To the extent the rent concessions do not result in a substantial increase in total payments in the existing lease, the Company has accounted for such rent concessions as negative variable rent. To the extent the rent concessions do result in a substantial increase in total payments in the existing lease, the Company has accounted for such rent concessions as a lease modification. Rent concessions recorded by the Company during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, as either negative variable rent or lease modifications have not had a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Foreign 

() 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

() 

() 

State 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

() 

State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

() 

Foreign taxes 

() 

Uncertain tax positions 

Stock compensation 

() 

Tax rate changes 

Prior year adjustments 

Federal tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Nondeductible expenses 

Tax exempt income 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Effective tax rate 

The variance in percentages for the components of the effective tax rate for fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2023 and 2022 are primarily due to the ratio of foreign taxable losses to global taxable profits and lower income before income taxes in fiscal 2021.) 

() 

Depreciation 

() 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Other temporary differences 

() 

() 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets: 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred rent 

Inventory 

Accounts receivable 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Tax uncertainties 

Accrued salaries and benefits 

Income tax credits 

Other temporary differences 

Gross deferred tax assets, before valuation allowances 

Valuation allowances 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Net deferred tax assets are attributed to the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and were attributable to U.S. federal, and were attributed to state jurisdictions and and were attributed to foreign jurisdictions. As of January 31, 2023, certain non-U.S. subsidiaries of the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for tax purposes of approximately that expire from through and approximately that do not expire. Certain U.S. subsidiaries of the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards for tax purposes of approximately that expire from through and approximately that do not expire. Certain U.S. subsidiaries of the Company had state credit carryforwards for tax purposes of approximately that expire from through . As of January 31, 2023, the Company had full and partial valuation allowances for certain foreign and state net operating loss carryforwards and a partial valuation allowance against state credit carryforwards where it was uncertain the carryforwards would be utilized. The Company had valuation allowance for certain other foreign and state net operating loss carryforwards where management believes it is more-likely-than-not the tax benefit of these carryforwards will be realized. As of January 31, 2023, approximately of cash and cash equivalents were held by the Company s non-U.S. subsidiaries for which no deferred taxes have been provided. The Company has accumulated undistributed earnings generated by foreign subsidiaries of approximately . Since such earnings have previously been subject to the one-time deemed repatriation transition tax required by the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act or other U.S. tax requirements on undistributed foreign earnings, any additional taxes due with respect to such earnings or the excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis of our foreign investments would generally be limited to foreign and state taxes. The Company continues to believe that foreign earnings are indefinitely reinvested excluding earnings that have previously been subject to the one-time deemed repatriation transition tax required by the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. With respect to outside basis differences in all other non-U.S. subsidiaries, the Company expects that either (i) such basis differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or (ii) such basis differences will reverse in a tax-neutral manner. 

Increases in tax positions for prior years 

Decreases in tax positions for prior years 

() 

() 

() 

Increases in tax positions for current year 

Settlements 

() 

Lapse in statute of limitations 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at the end of the period 

The total amount of net unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the Company s effective tax rate were and as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company accrues interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income, which is consistent with the recognition of these items in prior reporting periods. During the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized expense of , and , respectively, related to interest and penalties. The Company accrued and for the payment of interest and penalties as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is under audit in certain state and foreign jurisdictions. Certain federal, foreign and state jurisdictions are subject to audit from fiscal 2010 to 2022. It is possible that a state or foreign examination may be resolved within 12 months. Due to the potential for resolution of federal and foreign audit and state examinations, and the expiration of various statutes of limitation, it is possible that the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits balance may change within the next 12 months by a range of to . On February 10, 2023, the Company committed to purchase a membership interest in a federal low-income housing tax credit entity. An initial payment of was paid at closing with the remaining balance payable in quarterly installments over a period beginning in fiscal 2024. In exchange for the payments, the Company expects to realize a comparable amount of tax credits that will reduce its future federal income tax payments. 

 common shares, which can be granted as restricted stock, RSU s, PSU s, incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, SAR s and stock grant awards. As of January 31, 2023, there were common shares available to grant under the 2017 Plan. The Company s 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2008 Plan authorized up to common shares, which can be granted as RSU s, unrestricted shares, incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, PSU s or SAR s. As of January 31, 2023, there were common shares available to grant under the 2008 Plan. Pursuant to the terms of the 2008 Plan, certain awards may not be granted after February 25, 2018. Awards under the 2017 Plan and the 2008 Plan generally expire seven or from the date of grant, thirty days after termination of employment or six months after the date of death or termination due to disability of the grantee. The Company elects to account for forfeitures as they occur rather than estimate the expected forfeitures. 

Performance Stock Units (1) 

Restricted Stock Units 

Total 

(1) of previously recognized compensation expense in fiscal 2021, related to PSU s that were not projected to vest as the achievement of the related performance target was deemed not probable, of which related to PSU s was subsequently recognized in fiscal 2022 due to the Company s better than projected performance that resulted in the performance target being achieved. 

The total tax benefit associated with share-based compensation expense for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. The tax benefit realized from share-based compensation for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. Stock Options The Company may grant stock options that generally vest over a period of . Stock options become exercisable over the vesting period in installments determined by the Company, which can vary depending upon each individual grant. There were stock options granted in the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited or Expired 

() 

Awards outstanding at end of year 

Awards outstanding fully vested and expected to vest 

Awards exercisable at end of year 

Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options 

There were unrecognized compensation costs of stock options granted, but not yet vested, as of January 31, 2023. Performance Stock Units The Company may grant PSU s that vest based on the achievement of various company performance targets and external market conditions. The fair value of the PSU s awarded during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 equaled the stock price on the date of the grant. The Company makes certain estimates about the number of awards that will vest. Once the Company determines that it is probable that the performance targets will be met, compensation expense is recorded for these awards. If any of these performance targets are not met, the awards are forfeited. Each PSU is equal to one common share with varying maximum award value limitations. PSU s typically vest over a two to four-year period. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

Non-vested awards outstanding at end of year 

The weighted-average grant date fair value of PSU s awarded during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , per share, respectively. The aggregate grant date fair value of PSU's vested during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. Unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested PSU s as of January 31, 2023 was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Restricted Stock Units The Company may grant RSU s that vest based on the achievement of specified service conditions. The fair value of the RSU s awarded during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 equaled the stock price on the date of the grant. RSU s typically vest over a two to four-year period. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Non-vested awards outstanding at end of year 

The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSU s awarded during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , per share, respectively. The aggregate grant date fair value of RSU s vested during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. Unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested RSU s as of January 31, 2023, was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Total cost 

Average cost per share, including commissions 

On August 22, 2017, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of common shares under a share repurchase program; all such shares were repurchased and the authorization was completed by the end of June 2022. On June 4, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional common shares under a share repurchase program. As of January 31, 2023, common shares were remaining under the programs. In addition to the common shares repurchased under the share repurchase programs, during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company acquired and subsequently retired and common shares at a total cost of and , respectively, from employees to meet payroll tax withholding requirements. 

 F- 25 
 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Net current-period total other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Ending Balance 

() 

() 

() 

Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2022 

Foreign Currency Translation 

Unrealized Gains and (Losses) on Available-for- Sale Securities 

Total 

Beginning Balance 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Net current-period total other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Ending Balance 

() 

() 

() 

All unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss were recorded in Interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Effect of dilutive options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and performance stock units 

Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 

For the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, awards to purchase common shares ranging in price from to , awards to purchase common shares ranging in price from to and awards to purchase common shares ranging in price from to , respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per common share because the impact would be anti-dilutive. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and contingently issuable awards, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per common share as they did not meet certain performance criteria. 

 . The majority of the Company s merchandise commitments are cancellable with no or limited recourse available to the vendor until the merchandise shipping date. As of January 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding trade letters of credit of . As of January 31, 2023, the Company also has commitments related to construction and distribution equipment contracts that are fully satisfied upon the completion of construction or installation of , all of which is due within one year. Construction and distribution equipment contracts include related to the Nuuly distribution center in Raymore, Missouri and related to the omni-channel fulfillment center in Kansas City, Kansas. Benefit Plans Full and part-time U.S. based employees who are at least years of age are eligible after three months of employment to participate in the Urban Outfitters 401(k) Savings Plan (the Plan ). Under the Plan, employees can defer to of compensation as defined. The Company makes matching contributions in cash of per employee contribution dollar on the first of the employee contribution. The employees contribution is vested while the Company s matching contribution vests at per year of employee service. The Company s contributions were , and for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The NQDC provides certain employees who are limited in their participation under the Plan the opportunity to defer compensation as defined within the NQDC. Deferred compensation under the NQDC consists of elective deferral credits, if any, made by the participant and discretionary contribution credits made by the Company. Employee contributions are vested on the contribution date and the Company s discretionary contribution is vested upon crediting to participants accounts on an annual basis. The Company made a matching contribution of , and during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The NQDC obligation was and as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company has purchased investments to fund the NQDC obligation. The investments had an aggregate market value of and as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are included in Marketable securities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets (see Note 4, Marketable Securities ). Contingencies The Company is party to various legal proceedings arising from normal business activities. Management believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

 , and , respectively. Harry S. Cherken, Jr., a director of the Company, served as Senior Counsel at Faegre Drinker Biddle Reath LLP until his retirement on December 31, 2022. Amounts due to Faegre Drinker Biddle Reath LLP as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 were approximately and , respectively. Todd R. Morgenfeld, a director of the Company, is Chief Financial Officer and Head of Business Operations of Pinterest, Inc., which provided digital marketing services to the Company in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 and is expected to continue to do so in the future. The amount paid to Pinterest, Inc. for such digital marketing services was financially immaterial to Pinterest, Inc. and is unrelated to Mr. Morgenfeld s compensation from Pinterest, Inc. Mr. Morgenfeld did not provide and was not involved in the provision of digital marketing services by Pinterest, Inc. to the Company, and he does not intend to provide or be involved in the provision of such services by Pinterest, Inc. in the future. The Board of Directors considered these matters in determining Mr. Morgenfeld s independence. 

 reportable segments Retail, Wholesale and Nuuly. The Company s Retail segment consists of the Anthropologie, Free People, FP Movement, Terrain, Urban Outfitters and Menus Venues brands. The Anthropologie and Terrain brands make up the Anthropologie Group. The Free People and FP Movement brands make up the Free People Group. As of January 31, 2023, there were Urban Outfitters stores, Anthropologie Group stores, Free People Group stores (including FP Movement stores), Menus Venues locations, Urban Outfitters franchisee-owned stores and Anthropologie franchisee-owned stores. Each of Urban Outfitters, the Anthropologie Group and the Free People Group, including their Company-owned and franchisee-owned store and digital channels, and Menus Venues locations, are considered an operating segment. Net sales from the Retail segment accounted for approximately , and of total consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has aggregated its brands into the Retail segment based upon their shared management, customer base and economic characteristics. Reporting in this format provides management with the financial information necessary to evaluate the success of the segments and the overall business. The Company s Retail segment omni-channel strategy enhances its customers brand experience by providing a seamless approach to the customer shopping experience. All available Company-owned Retail segment shopping channels are fully integrated, including retail locations, websites, mobile applications, catalogs and customer contact centers. The Company s investments in areas such as marketing campaigns and technology advancements are designed to generate demand for the Retail segment omni-channel and not the separate store or digital channels. The Company manages and analyzes its performance based on a single Retail segment omni-channel rather than separate channels and believes that the Retail segment omni-channel results present the most meaningful and appropriate measure of our performance. The Company s Wholesale segment consists of the Free People, FP Movement and Urban Outfitters brands. The Wholesale segment sells through department and specialty stores worldwide, digital businesses and the Retail segment. The Wholesale segment primarily designs, develops and markets young women s contemporary casual apparel, intimates, FP Movement activewear and shoes under the Free People Group and the BDG and other own brand apparel collections under the Urban Outfitters brand. The Anthropologie brand exited the wholesale business in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. Our Wholesale segment net sales accounted for approximately , and of total consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Nuuly segment consists of the Nuuly brand, which offers customers with a more sustainable way to explore fashion. Nuuly Rent is a monthly women s apparel subscription rental service. For a monthly fee, Nuuly subscribers can select rental product from a wide selection of the Company s own brands, third-party market brands and one-of-a-kind vintage pieces via a custom-built, digital platform. Subscribers select their products each month, wear them as often as they like and then swap into new products the following month. Subscribers are also able to purchase the rented product. Nuuly Thrift, which launched in October 2021, is a peer-to-peer resale marketplace where customers can buy and sell any brand of women s, men s, and kids apparel, shoes, and accessories. Sellers on Nuuly Thrift can transfer their earnings to their bank account or convert them to Nuuly Cash, a gift card with a bonus, to be used at any of the Company s brands. Nuuly Thrift earns a commission based on sales made in the marketplace. , , and less than of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company evaluates the performance of each segment based on the net sales and pre-tax income from operations (excluding intercompany charges) of the segment. Corporate expenses include expenses incurred and directed by the corporate office that are not allocated to segments. The principal identifiable assets for the Retail and Wholesale segments are inventory and property and equipment. The principal identifiable assets for the Nuuly segment are rental product and property and equipment. Other assets are comprised primarily of general corporate assets, which principally consist of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, deferred taxes and prepaid expenses, and are typically not allocated to the Company s segments. The Company accounts for intersegment sales and transfers as if the sales and transfers were made to third parties making similar volume purchases. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as the policies described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. All of the Company s segments are highly diversified. one customer constitutes more than 10 of the Company s total consolidated net sales. 

Wholesale operations 

Nuuly operations 

Intersegment elimination 

() 

() 

() 

Total net sales 

Income from operations 

Retail operations 

Wholesale operations 

() 

Nuuly operations 

() 

() 

() 

Intersegment elimination 

() 

Total segment operating income 

General corporate expenses (1) 

() 

() 

() 

Total income from operations 

(1) 

Fiscal Year 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Depreciation expense for property and equipment 

Retail operations 

Wholesale operations 

Nuuly operations 

Total depreciation expense for property and equipment 

Inventory 

Retail operations 

Wholesale operations 

Total inventory 

Rental product, net (1) 

Nuuly operations 

Total rental product, net 

(1) 

Property and equipment, net 

Retail operations 

Wholesale operations 

Nuuly operations 

Total property and equipment, net 

Cash paid for property and equipment 

Retail operations 

Wholesale operations 

Nuuly operations 

Total cash paid for property and equipment 

Home 

Accessories 

Other 

Retail operations 

Apparel 

Home 

Accessories 

Other 

Wholesale operations 

Nuuly operations 

Total net sales 

The Apparel category includes intimates and activewear. The Home category includes home furnishings, electronics, gifts and decorative items. The Accessories category includes footwear, jewelry and handbags. The Other category includes beauty and shipping and handling for the Retail and Wholesale segments, and additionally the Menus Venues brand for the Retail segment. The Company historically presented the merchandise categories on a company-wide basis. The Company has updated the presentation of the above tables to include a summary of net sales and percentage of net sales by both merchandise category and by segment. Prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 

Foreign operations 

Total net sales 

Property and equipment, net 

Domestic operations 

Foreign operations 

Total property and equipment, net 

F- 30 

<EX-10>
 2
 urbn-ex10_2.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.2 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND CERTAIN COLLATERAL DOCUMENTS 
 This FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND CERTAIN COLLATERAL DOCUMENTS (this Agreement dated as of August 19, 2019 is by and among Urban Outfitters, Inc. (the Company ), URBN Canada Retail, Inc. and certain of their respective subsidiaries (collectively, the Borrowers ), the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Lenders party hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as administrative agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent ). 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 The Borrowers party thereto, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2018 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). 
 The Company has requested that the Required Lenders amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement, the U.S. Security Agreement and the Canadian Security Agreements. 
 The Required Lenders are willing to provide such amendments in accordance with, and subject to, the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Defined Terms . Except as otherwise provided herein, all capitalized undefined terms used in this Agreement (including, without limitation, in the introductory paragraph and the preliminary statements hereto) shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement. 

2. Amendments to Credit Agreement . The Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating Section 6.02(p) in its entirety to read as follows: 

(p)	Liens in respect of cash collateralization of letters of credit; provided that (i) such cash collateral shall not exceed 10,000,000, (ii) such letters of credit are issued in support of a Foreign Subsidiary (other than a Canadian Subsidiary) that is not a Loan Party and (iii) no Loan Party, Domestic Subsidiary or Canadian Subsidiary provides any guaranty, collateral or other credit support (other than such cash collateral) in respect of such letters of credit; 
 3. Amendments to Certain Collateral Documents . The U.S. Security Agreement and the Canadian Security Agreements are hereby amended by adding a new clause (e) to read as follows and making the necessary grammatical changes thereto: 

(e) any Deposit Accounts used exclusively for cash collateralization of letters of credit permitted by Section 6.02(p) of the Credit Agreement 
 4. Condition to Effectiveness . This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above (the Agreement Effective Date upon satisfaction of each of the following conditions (in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent): 

(a) Agreement . The Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of this Agreement duly executed by each of the Loan Parties, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent. 

(b) Fees and Expenses . The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and expenses due and payable pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement (including the fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent). 

(c) Miscellaneous . The Administrative Agent shall have received any other documents or instruments reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with the execution of this Agreement 

5. Effect of this Agreement . Except as expressly provided herein, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement shall not be deemed (a) to be a waiver of, or consent to, a modification of or amendment of, any other term or condition of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) to prejudice any other right or rights which the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, (c) to be a commitment or any other undertaking or expression of any willingness to engage in any further discussion with the Company, any other Loan Party or any other Person with respect to any waiver, amendment, modification or any other change to the Credit Agreement or the Loan Documents or any rights or remedies arising in favor of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, or any of them, under or with respect to any such documents or (d) to be a waiver of, or consent to or a modification or amendment of, any other term or condition of any other agreement by and among any Loan Party, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent or any Lender, on the other hand. References in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement (and indirect references such as hereunder , hereby , herein , and hereof and in any Loan Document to the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Credit Agreement as modified hereby. 

6. Representations and Warranties/No Default . By their execution hereof, each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) Such Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate and other action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other document executed in connection herewith to which it is a party in accordance with their respective terms. 

(b) This Agreement and each other document executed in connection herewith has been duly executed and delivered by its duly authorized officers, and each such document constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar state or federal debtor relief laws from time to time in effect which affect the enforcement of creditors rights in general and the availability of equitable remedies. 

(c) No consent, approval, authorization or order of, or filing, registration or qualification with, any court or governmental authority or third party is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by such Loan Party of this Agreement and each other document executed in connection herewith. 

(d) Each of the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representations and warranties qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, all respects) with the same effect as though made on 

and as of the date hereof (it being understood and agreed that any such representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representations and warranties qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, all respects) only as of such specified date). 

(e) no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing or would result after giving effect to this Agreement. 

7. Reaffirmations . Each Loan Party (a) agrees that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall not limit or diminish the obligations of such Person under, or release such Person from any obligations under, the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, (b) confirms, ratifies and reaffirms its obligations under the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, and (c) agrees that the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 

8. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Without limiting the general applicability of the foregoing and the terms of the other Loan Documents to this Agreement and the parties hereto, the terms of Sections 9.09 and 9.10 of the Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis . 

(b) Loan Document . This Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document under and as defined in the Credit Agreement. 

(c) Counterparts; Electronic Execution . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement 

(d) Severability . If any provision of any of this Agreement is determined to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be fully severable and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect and shall be construed without giving effect to the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. 

(e) Entirety . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents embody the entire agreement among the parties hereto and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. 

(Signature Pages Follow) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 U.S. BORROWERS:	 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ FRANK CONFORTI 	 
 Name: FRANK CONFORTI 
 Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 ANTHROPOLOGIE, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ FRANK CONFORTI 	 
 Name: FRANK CONFORTI 
 Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS WHOLESALE, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ FRANK CONFORTI 	 
 Name: FRANK CONFORTI 
 Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS WEST LLC 
 
 By: /s/ FRANK CONFORTI 	 
 Name: FRANK CONFORTI 
 Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 FREE PEOPLE OF PA LLC 
 
 By: /s/ FRANK CONFORTI	 
 Name: FRANK CONFORTI 
 Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 URBN PUERTO RICO RETAIL LLC 
 
 By: /s/ FRANK CONFORTI 	 
 Name: FRANK CONFORTI 
 Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

CANADIAN BORROWER:	 
 URBN CANADA RETAIL, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ FRANK CONFORTI 	 
 Name: FRANK CONFORTI 
 Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

OTHER LOAN PARTIES: 
 
 U. O. REAL ESTATE HOLDING I LLC 
 
 By: /s/ FRANK CONFORTI 	 
 Name: FRANK CONFORTI 
 Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 U. O. REAL ESTATE HOLDING II LLC 
 
 By: /s/ FRANK CONFORTI 	 
 Name: FRANK CONFORTI 
 Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 U. O. REAL ESTATE LLC 
 
 By: /s/ FRANK CONFORTI	 
 Name: FRANK CONFORTI 
 Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 UO FENWICK, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ FRANK CONFORTI	 
 Name: FRANK CONFORTI 
 Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 URBN PR HOLDING, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ FRANK CONFORTI	 
 Name: FRANK CONFORTI 
 Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 URBN HOLDING LLC 
 
 By: /s/ FRANK CONFORTI	 
 Name: FRANK CONFORTI 
 Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 UO US LLC 
 
 By: /s/ FRANK CONFORTI 	 
 Name: FRANK CONFORTI 
 Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., individually as a Lender and as Administrative Agent 
 
 By: /s/ Donna DiForio	 
 Name: Donna DiForio 
 Title: Authorized Officer 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. TORONTO BRANCH, individually as a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ Auggie Marchetti 	 
 Name: Auggie Marchetti 
 Title: Authorized Officer 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, individually as a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ Michael Stavrakos 	 
 Name: Michael Stavrakos 
 Title: Director 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

WELLS FARGO BANK NA, LONDON BRANCH, individually as a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ Alison Powell 	 
 Name: Alison Powell 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

WELLS FARGO Capital Finance Corporation Canada , individually as a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ Carmela Messori 	 
 Name: Carmela Messori 
 Title: Senior Vice President, Portfolio Manager 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., individually as a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ Peter M. Walther 	 
 Name: Peter M. Walther 
 Title: Senior Vice President 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), individually as a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ Sylwia Durkiewicz 	 
 Name: Sylwia Durkiewicz 
 Title: Vice President 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, individually as a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ Ashley Brenner 	 
 Name: Ashley Brenner 
 Title: Senior Vice President 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 urbn-ex10_3.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.3 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of October 21, 2021 is by and among URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. (the Company ), URBN CANADA RETAIL, INC. and certain of their respective subsidiaries (collectively, the Borrowers ), the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Lenders party hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 
 The Borrowers party thereto, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2018 (as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2019, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). 
 
 The Company and the Administrative Agent have agreed to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement pursuant to Section 2.14(c) to replace GBP LIBOR as the applicable benchmark for Loans made in Sterling with Daily Simple SONIA. 
 
 The Company and the Administrative Agent acknowledge and agree that such amendments may be implemented as set forth in this Agreement pursuant to Section 2.14(c) without the action or consent of any other party to the Credit Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five (5) Business Days of the date that a draft of this Agreement is provided to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that such Required Lenders object to the amendments set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Defined Terms . Except as otherwise provided herein, all capitalized undefined terms used in this Agreement (including, without limitation, in the introductory paragraph and the preliminary statements hereto) shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement. 

2. Amendments to Credit Agreement . The Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double- underlined text as set forth in the Credit Agreement attached as Annex A hereto. 

3. Condition to Effectiveness . This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above (the Second Agreement Effective Date upon satisfaction of each of the following conditions (in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent): 

(a) Agreement . The Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of this Agreement duly executed by each of the Loan Parties, each Lender and the Administrative Agent. 

(b) Fees and Expenses . The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and expenses due and payable pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement (including the fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent). 

4. Effect of this Agreement . Except as expressly provided herein, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement shall not be deemed (a) to be a waiver of, or consent to, a modification of or amendment of, any other term or condition of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) to prejudice any other right or rights which the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, (c) to be a commitment or any other undertaking or expression of any willingness to engage in any further discussion with the Company, any other Loan Party or any other Person with respect to any waiver, amendment, modification or any other change to the Credit Agreement or the Loan Documents or any rights or remedies arising in favor of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, or any of them, under or with respect to any such documents or (d) to be a waiver of, or consent to or a modification or amendment of, any other term or condition of any other agreement by and among any Loan Party, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent or any Lender, on the other hand. References in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement (and indirect references such as hereunder , hereby , herein , and hereof and in any Loan Document to the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Credit Agreement as modified hereby. 

5. Representations and Warranties/No Default . By their execution hereof, each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) Such Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate and other action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other document executed in connection herewith to which it is a party in accordance with their respective terms. 

(b) This Agreement and each other document executed in connection herewith has been duly executed and delivered by its duly authorized officers, and each such document constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar state or federal debtor relief laws from time to time in effect which affect the enforcement of creditors rights in general and the availability of equitable remedies. 

(c) No consent, approval, authorization or order of, or filing, registration or qualification with, any court or governmental authority or third party is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by such Loan Party of this Agreement and each other document executed in connection herewith. 

(d) Each of the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representations and warranties qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, all respects) with the same effect as though made on and as of the date hereof (it being understood and agreed that any such representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representations and warranties qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, all respects) only as of such specified date). 

(e) no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing or would result after giving effect to this Agreement. 

6. Reaffirmations . Each Loan Party (a) agrees that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall not limit or diminish the obligations of such Person under, or release such Person from any obligations under, the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, (b) 

confirms, ratifies and reaffirms its obligations under the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, and (c) agrees that the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 
 7. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Without 

limiting the general applicability of the foregoing and the terms of the other Loan Documents to this Agreement and the parties hereto, the terms of Sections 9.09 and 9.10 of the Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis . 
 
 (b) Loan Document . This Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document under and as defined in the Credit Agreement. 

(c) Counterparts; Electronic Execution . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement 

(d) Severability . If any provision of any of this Agreement is determined to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be fully severable and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect and shall be construed without giving effect to the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. 

(e) Entirety . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents embody the entire agreement among the parties hereto and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. 

(Signature Pages Follow) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 
 U.S. BORROWERS:	 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title: CFO 

URBN US RETAIL LLC 
 
 By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title: CFO 

URBN OUTFITTERS WHOLESALE, INC 
 
 By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title: CFO 

URBN PUERTO RICO RETAIL LLC 
 
 By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title: CFO 

[Signature page to Second Amendment] 

CANADIAN BORROWER:	 
 URBN CANADA RETAIL, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title: CFO 

[Signature page to Second Amendment] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., individually as a Lender and as Administrative Agent 
 
 By: /s/ James A. Knight 
 Name: James A. Knight 
 Title: Executive Director 

[Signature page to Second Amendment] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. TORONTO BRANCH, 
 individually as a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ James A. Knight 
 Name: James A. Knight 
 Title: Executive Director 

[Signature page to Second Amendment] 

Annex A 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 [To be attached] 

Execution Version 
 Exhibit A to Second Amendment 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 dated as of June 29, 2018 
 among 
 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC., 
 and the other U.S. Borrowers from time to time party hereto, 

URBN CANADA RETAIL, INC., 
 and the other Canadian Borrowers from time to time party hereto, The other LOAN PARTIES party hereto, 
 The LENDERS party hereto, and 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers, 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Co-Syndication Agents, and 
 HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Documentation Agent 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 
 1 

SECTION 1.01 
 Defined Terms 
 1 

SECTION 1.02 
 Classification of Loans and Borrowings 
 55 

SECTION 1.03 
 Terms Generally 
 55 

SECTION 1.04 
 Accounting Terms; GAAP 
 56 

SECTION 1.05 
 Pro Forma Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 56 57 

SECTION 1.06 
 Status of Obligations 
 57 

SECTION 1.07 
 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents 
 57 

ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 
 57 

SECTION 2.01 
 Commitments 
 57 

SECTION 2.02 
 Loans and Borrowings 
 58 

SECTION 2.03 
 Requests for Borrowings 
 59 

SECTION 2.04 
 Protective Advances 
 60 

SECTION 2.05 
 Swingline Loans and Overadvances 
 60 61 

SECTION 2.06 
 Letters of Credit 
 62 

SECTION 2.07 
 Funding of Borrowings 
 68 

SECTION 2.08 
 Interest Elections 
 68 69 

SECTION 2.09 
 Termination and Reduction of Commitments; Increase in Commitments 
 70 

SECTION 2.10 
 Repayment and Amortization of Loans; Evidence of Debt 
 71 72 

SECTION 2.11 
 Prepayment of Loans 
 72 73 

SECTION 2.12 
 Fees 
 74 

SECTION 2.13 
 Interest 
 75 

SECTION 2.14 
 Alternate Rate of Interest; Illegality 
 76 77 

SECTION 2.15 
 Increased Costs 
 78 

SECTION 2.16 
 Break Funding Payments 
 79 

SECTION 2.17 
 Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up 
 80 

SECTION 2.18 
 Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Set-offs 
 83 

SECTION 2.19 
 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 
 86 

SECTION 2.20 
 Defaulting Lenders 
 87 

SECTION 2.21 
 Returned Payments 
 88 

SECTION 2.22 
 Banking Services and Swap Agreements 
 88 89 

SECTION 2.23 
 Access Rights 
 89 

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 89 90 

SECTION 3.01 
 Organization; Powers 
 89 90 

SECTION 3.02 
 Authorization; Enforceability 
 90 

SECTION 3.03 
 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 
 90 

SECTION 3.04 
 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change 
 90 

SECTION 3.05 
 Properties 
 90 

SECTION 3.06 
 Litigation and Environmental Matters 
 91 

SECTION 3.07 
 Compliance with Laws and Agreements; No Default 
 91 

SECTION 3.08 
 Investment Company Status 
 91 

SECTION 3.09 
 Taxes 
 91 

SECTION 3.10 
 ERISA; Canadian Pension Plans 
 91 92 

SECTION 3.11 
 Disclosure 
 92 

SECTION 3.12 
 Reserved 
 93 

SECTION 3.13 
 Solvency 
 93 

SECTION 3.14 
 Insurance 
 93 

SECTION 3.15 
 Capitalization and Subsidiaries 
 93 94 

SECTION 3.16 
 Security Interest in Collateral 
 93 94 

SECTION 3.17 
 Employment Matters 
 94 

SECTION 3.18 
 Federal Reserve Regulations 
 94 

SECTION 3.19 
 Reserved 
 94 

SECTION 3.20 
 No Burdensome Restrictions 
 94 95 

SECTION 3.21 
 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions; Etc. 
 94 95 

SECTION 3.22 
 Common Enterprise 
 94 95 

SECTION 3.23 
 Credit Card Agreements 
 95 

SECTION 3.24 
 EEA Financial Institutions 
 95 

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS 
 95 

SECTION 4.01 
 Effective Date 
 95 

SECTION 4.02 
 Each Credit Event 
 98 99 

ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 99 

SECTION 5.01 
 Financial Statements; Borrowing Bases and Other Information 
 99 100 

SECTION 5.02 
 Notices of Material Events 
 103 

SECTION 5.03 
 Existence; Conduct of Business 
 104 

SECTION 5.04 
 Payment of Obligations 
 104 105 

SECTION 5.05 
 Maintenance of Properties 
 105 

SECTION 5.06 
 Books and Records; Inspection Rights 
 105 

SECTION 5.07 
 Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations 
 105 

SECTION 5.08 
 Use of Proceeds 
 105 106 

SECTION 5.09 
 Accuracy of Information 
 106 

SECTION 5.10 
 Insurance 
 106 

SECTION 5.11 
 Casualty and Condemnation 
 107 

SECTION 5.12 
 Appraisals 
 107 

SECTION 5.13 
 Depository Banks 
 107 

SECTION 5.14 
 Additional Collateral; Further Assurances 
 107 108 

SECTION 5.15 
 Designation of Subsidiaries 
 108 

SECTION 5.16 
 Environmental Laws 
 108 109 

SECTION 5.17 
 Credit Card Agreements and Notifications 
 109 

SECTION 5.18 
 Post-Closing Obligations 
 109 

SECTION 5.19 
 Canadian Pension Plans and Canadian Benefit Plans 
 109 

ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 109 110 

SECTION 6.01 
 Indebtedness 
 109 110 

SECTION 6.02 
 Liens 
 112 

SECTION 6.03 
 Fundamental Changes; Changes in Name, Location 
 114 

SECTION 6.04 
 Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions 
 115 

SECTION 6.05 
 Asset Sales 
 117 

SECTION 6.06 
 Sale and Leaseback Transactions 
 118 119 

SECTION 6.07 
 Swap Agreements 
 119 

SECTION 6.08 
 Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness 
 119 

SECTION 6.09 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 120 

SECTION 6.10 
 Restrictive Agreements 
 120 121 

SECTION 6.11 
 Amendment of Material Documents 
 121 

SECTION 6.12 
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio 
 121 

SECTION 6.13 
 Disqualified Stock 
 121 

SECTION 6.14 
 Canadian Pension Plans 
 121 122 

ARTICLE VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 122 

ARTICLE VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 125 

SECTION 8.01 
 Appointment 
 125 

SECTION 8.02 
 Rights as a Lender 
 125 126 

SECTION 8.03 
 Duties and Obligations 
 126 

SECTION 8.04 
 Reliance 
 126 

SECTION 8.05 
 Actions through Sub-Agents 
 126 127 

SECTION 8.06 
 Resignation 
 126 127 

SECTION 8.07 
 Non-Reliance 
 127 128 

SECTION 8.08 
 Other Agency Titles 
 128 

SECTION 8.09 
 Not Partners or Co-Venturers; Administrative Agent as Representative of the Secured Parties 
 128 

SECTION 8.10 
 Flood Laws 
 129 

SECTION 8.11 
 Additional Secured Parties 
 129 

SECTION 8.12 
 Certain ERISA Matters 
 129 130 

ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 131 

SECTION 9.01 
 Notices 
 131 

SECTION 9.02 
 Waivers; Amendments 
 134 

SECTION 9.03 
 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 
 136 

SECTION 9.04 
 Successors and Assigns 
 138 

SECTION 9.05 
 Survival 
 142 

SECTION 9.06 
 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 
 142 

SECTION 9.07 
 Severability 
 143 

SECTION 9.08 
 Right of Setoff 
 143 

SECTION 9.09 
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 
 143 

SECTION 9.10 
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 144 

SECTION 9.11 
 Headings 
 144 

SECTION 9.12 
 Confidentiality 
 144 

SECTION 9.13 
 Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law 
 145 

SECTION 9.14 
 USA PATRIOT Act 
 145 146 

SECTION 9.15 
 Disclosure 
 145 146 

SECTION 9.16 
 Appointment for Perfection 
 145 146 

SECTION 9.17 
 Interest Rate Limitation 
 146 

SECTION 9.18 
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 
 146 147 

SECTION 9.19 
 Marketing Consent 
 147 

SECTION 9.20 
 Authorization to Distribute Certain Materials to Public-Siders 
 147 

SECTION 9.21 
 Judgment Currency 
 147 148 

SECTION 9.22 
 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 
 148 

SECTION 9.23 
 Canadian Anti-Money Laundering Legislation 
 148 

SECTION 9.24 
 Amendment and Restatement 
 149 

ARTICLE X LOAN GUARANTY OF U.S. LOAN PARTIES 
 149 

SECTION 10.01 
 Guaranty 
 149 

SECTION 10.02 
 Guaranty of Payment 
 150 

SECTION 10.03 
 No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty 
 150 

SECTION 10.04 
 Defenses Waived 
 150 151 

SECTION 10.05 
 Rights of Subrogation 
 151 

SECTION 10.06 
 Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration 
 151 

SECTION 10.07 
 Information 
 151 

SECTION 10.08 
 Termination 
 151 

SECTION 10.09 
 Taxes 
 151 152 

SECTION 10.10 
 Maximum Liability 
 152 

SECTION 10.11 
 Contribution 
 152 

SECTION 10.12 
 Liability Cumulative 
 153 

SECTION 10.13 
 Keepwell 
 153 

SECTION 10.14 
 Limitation on Canadian Loan Party Obligations 
 153 

ARTICLE XI LOAN GUARANTY OF CANADIAN LOAN PARTIES 
 153 154 

SECTION 11.01 
 Guaranty 
 153 154 

SECTION 11.02 
 Guaranty of Payment 
 154 

SECTION 11.03 
 No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty 
 154 

SECTION 11.04 
 Defenses Waived 
 155 

SECTION 11.05 
 Rights of Subrogation 
 155 156 

SECTION 11.06 
 Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration 
 155 156 

SECTION 11.07 
 Information 
 156 

SECTION 11.08 
 Termination 
 156 

SECTION 11.09 
 Taxes 
 156 

SECTION 11.10 
 Maximum Liability 
 156 157 

SECTION 11.11 
 Liability Cumulative 
 156 157 

SECTION 11.12 
 Keepwell 
 157 

ARTICLE XII THE BORROWER REPRESENTATIVE 
 157 

SECTION 12.01 
 Appointment; Nature of Relationship 
 157 

SECTION 12.02 
 Powers 
 157 158 

SECTION 12.03 
 Employment of Agents 
 158 

SECTION 12.04 
 Notices 
 158 

SECTION 12.05 
 Successor Borrower Representative 
 158 

SECTION 12.06 
 Execution of Loan Documents; Borrowing Base Certificate 
 158 

SECTION 12.07 
 Reporting 
 158 

SCHEDULES : 
 
 Commitment Schedule 
 Schedule 3.06	 	Disclosed Matters 
 Schedule 3.10	 	Canadian Pension Plans and Canadian Benefit Plans 
 Schedule 3.15	 	Capitalization and Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 3.23	 	Credit Card Agreements 
 Schedule 5.18	 	Post-Closing Matters 
 Schedule 6.01	 	Existing Indebtedness 
 Schedule 6.02	 	Existing Liens 
 Schedule 6.04	 	Existing Investments 
 Schedule 6.10	 	Existing Restrictions 
 Schedule 9.01	 	Foreign Currency Notice Address 

EXHIBITS : 
 
 Exhibit A 	 	Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit B 	 	Form of Borrowing Base Certificate 
 Exhibit C 	 	Reserved 
 Exhibit D	 	Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit E 	 	Reserved 
 Exhibit F 	 	Joinder Agreement 
 Exhibit G-1 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Foreign Lenders that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit G-2 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Foreign Participants that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit G-3 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Foreign Participants that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit G-4 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Foreign Lenders that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of June 29, 2018, among 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC., a Pennsylvania corporation (the Company ), URBN Canada Retail, Inc., a British Columbia company URBN Canada ), each of the Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party hereto, the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Lenders party hereto, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 
 RECITALS: 
 
 WHEREAS, the Existing Borrowers (as hereinafter defined), the Existing Lenders (as hereinafter defined) and Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2015 (as amended, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement ), under which Administrative Agent and such Existing Lenders agreed to provide, and did provide, certain secured loans, letters of credit and other extensions of credit to such Existing Borrowers on a joint and several basis; and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company, URBN Canada and each of the Subsidiary Borrowers party hereto have requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended and restated, and Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement upon the terms and conditions set forth herein on the Effective Date. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 Definitions 

SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following items have the meanings specified below: 
 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 
 Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreements, as the context requires. 
 
 Account Debtor means any Person obligated to any Borrower under, with respect to or on account of an Account or Credit Card Account. 
 
 Acquisition means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, consummated on or after the Effective Date, by which any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary (a) acquires any going business or all or substantially all of the assets of any Person, whether through purchase of assets, merger, amalgamation or otherwise or (b) directly or indirectly acquires (in one transaction or as the most recent transaction in a series of transactions) at least a majority (in number of votes) of the Equity Interests of a Person which has ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other similar management personnel of a Person (other than Equity Interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) or a majority of the outstanding Equity Interests of a Person. 
 
 Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA means, with respect to any Borrowing denominated in Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple SONIA plus 0.0326 . 

Adjusted LIBO Rate means, with respect to any LIBOR Borrowing for any Interest Period or for any ABR Borrowing, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1 equal to (a) the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate. 
 
 Administrative Agent means JPMCB, in its capacity as administrative agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and including any of its Affiliates (including, without limitation, J.P. Morgan Europe Limited and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch) performing any of the functions of the Administrative Agent at any time, and their successors in such capacity as provided in Article VIII. 
 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the specified Person. 
 
 Aggregate Availability means, at any time, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the Aggregate Commitments minus the Aggregate Credit Exposure, and (b) the Aggregate Borrowing Base minus the Aggregate Credit Exposure. 
 
 Aggregate Borrowing Base means, at any time, the sum of (a) the U.S. Borrowing Base at such time and (b) the lesser of (i) the Canadian Borrowing Base at such time and (ii) the Canadian Sublimit. 
 
 Aggregate Commitments means, at any time, the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders, as increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. As of the Effective Date, the Aggregate Commitment is 350,000,000. 
 
 Aggregate Canadian Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of 
 (a) the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans and its Swingline Exposure to the Canadian Borrowers at such time, plus (b) an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Overadvances and Protective Advances outstanding to the Canadian Borrowers at such time. 
 
 Aggregate Credit Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate Revolving Exposure of all the Lenders at such time. 
 
 Aggregate U.S. Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans, its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure to the U.S. Borrowers at such time, plus (b) an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Overadvances and Protective Advances outstanding to U.S. Borrowers at such time. 
 
 Agreement means this Credit Agreement. 
 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate for a one month Interest Period on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1 , provided that, for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted LIBO Rate for any day shall be based on the LIBO Screen Rate (or if the LIBO Screen Rate is not available for such one month Interest Period, the Interpolated Rate) at approximately 11:00 a.m. 

London time on such day. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 hereof, then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clause (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Alternative Currency means any currency other than U.S. Dollars, Sterling, Euros or Canadian 
 Dollars. 
 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to any Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender s Commitment and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Commitments provided that, if the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon such Lender s share of the Aggregate Credit Exposure at that time; provided that, in accordance with Section 2.20, so long as any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Commitment shall be disregarded in the calculations in this definition. 
 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Loan, or with respect to the commitment fees payable hereunder, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption ABR/Canadian Prime Rate Margin, LIBOR/CDOR/EURIBOR /SONIA Margin or Commitment Fee , as the case may be, based upon the daily average Aggregate Availability (the Average Quarterly Availability during the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company, provided that the Applicable Rate shall be the applicable rates per annum set forth below in Level I during the period from the Effective Date to, and including, the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Company; ending on or about October 31, 2018: 

Level 
 Average Quarterly Availability 
 LIBOR / CDOR / EURIBOR / SONIA Margin 
 ABR / Canadian Prime Rate Margin 
 Commitment Fee 

I 
 66 of the Aggregate Commitments 
 1.125 
 0.125 
 0.20 

II 
 
 1.25 
 0.25 
 0.20 

III 
 
 1.375 
 0.375 
 0.20 

For purposes of the foregoing, each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in Average Quarterly Availability shall be effective during the period commencing on and including the first day of each fiscal quarter of the Company and ending on the last day of such fiscal quarter, it being understood and agreed that, for purposes of determining the Applicable Rate on the first day of any fiscal quarter of the Company, the Average Quarterly Availability during the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company shall be used; provided that if the Borrowers shall fail to deliver any Borrowing Base Certificate as and when due, at the option of the Administrative Agent or at the request of the Required Lenders, Average Quarterly Availability shall be deemed to be in Level III during the period from the expiration of the time for delivery thereof until such Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered. 
 
 If any Borrowing Base Certificate shall prove to have been inaccurate (regardless of whether any Commitments are in effect or any amounts are outstanding hereunder when such inaccuracy is discovered), and such inaccuracy shall have resulted in the payment or accrual of any interest or fees at rates lower than those that would have been paid or accrued for any period, then the Borrowers shall be required to pay within three (3) Business Days after notice any additional amount that Borrowers would have been required to pay if such financial statements had been accurate at the time they were delivered. 
 
 Applicable Trigger Amount means, with respect to any test of Aggregate Availability hereunder by reference to the Applicable Trigger Amount at a specified Level, the following: 

Level 
 
 Maximum Credit Amount 
 Floor 

I 
 Greatest of: 
 10.0 of the Maximum Credit Amount 
 28,000,000 

II 
 Greatest of: 
 12.5 of the Maximum Credit Amount 
 35,000,000 

III 
 Greatest of: 
 15.0 of the Maximum Credit Amount 
 42,000,000 

IV 
 Greatest of: 
 17.5 of the Maximum Credit Amount 
 49,000,000 

V 
 Greatest of: 
 20.0 of the Maximum Credit Amount 
 56,000,000 

Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04. 
 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments. 
 
 Available Commitment means, at any time, the Aggregate Commitments minus the Aggregate Credit Exposure (calculated, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Borrowings). 

Average Quarterly Availability has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Applicable Rate . 
 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 
 Banking Services means (a) each and any of the following bank services provided to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries by any Lender or any of its Affiliates: (i) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (ii) stored value cards, (iii) merchant processing services, (iv) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, any direct debit arrangement, overdrafts, cash pooling services, and interstate depository network services), and (v) foreign exchange and currency management services, and (b) letters of credit issued under any Specified L/C Facility so long as the issuer thereof is a Qualified Counterparty. 
 
 Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Banking Services. 
 
 Banking Services/Swap Reserves means, in respect of a specified Banking Service Obligation or Swap Agreement Obligation, all reserves, if any, that the Borrower Representative and the applicable provider of such Banking Service Obligation or Swap Agreement Obligation agree shall be established with respect thereto, to the extent the Administrative Agent receives a written notice of such Banking Service Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations in accordance with Section 2.22 specifying the amount of such agreed reserves. 
 
 Bankruptcy Code means title 11 of the United States Code, as amended. 
 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, when such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, interim receiver, monitor, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business, appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the U.S. or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality), to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 
 Beneficial Owner means, with respect to any U.S. Federal withholding Tax, the beneficial owner, for U.S. Federal income tax purposes, to whom such Tax relates. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 
 BIA means the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), as amended. 
 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the U.S. 
 
 Borrower Representative means the Company; provided that, for the purposes of requesting Borrowings on behalf of the Canadian Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.03, Borrower Representative means URBN Canada. 
 
 Borrowers means, collectively, the U.S. Borrowers and the Canadian Borrowers, and Borrower means any of them. 
 
 Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of LIBOR Loans, CDOR Loans and EURIBOR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, (b) a Swingline Loan, (c) a Protective Advance and (d) an Overadvance. 
 
 Borrowing Base means the U.S. Borrowing Base, the Canadian Borrowing Base, and/or the Aggregate Borrowing Base, as the context requires. 
 
 Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate, signed and certified as accurate and complete by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative, in substantially the form of Exhibit B (with such changes thereto as may be required by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion from time to time to reflect the components of each Borrowing Base and Reserve as provided for hereunder) or another form that is acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 
 Borrowing Base Reporting Date means (a) during any period other than a period set forth in clause (b) below, on the twentieth day (or the next Business Day if the twentieth day is not a Business Day) after each of (i) the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company and (ii) the end of each fiscal month in which any Revolving Loans were outstanding or the LC Exposure was at any time 35,000,000 or more, and (b) during any period (i) commencing on the date when Aggregate Availability is less than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level II) and (ii) ending on the date when Aggregate Availability shall have been equal to or greater than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level II) for a period of 60 consecutive days, four (4) Business Days after the end of each week. 
 
 Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower Representative for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Burdensome Restrictions means any consensual encumbrance or restriction of the type described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 6.10. 
 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that (a) when used 

in connection with a LIBOR Loan in any currency, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in deposits in such currency in the London interbank market, (b) when used in connection with a EURIBOR Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which the TARGET payment system is not open for the settlement of payments in Euros, and (c) when used in connection with a CDOR Loan to a Canadian Borrower, an Alternate Base Rate Loan to a Canadian Borrower or a Canadian Prime Rate Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for business in Toronto, Ontario, and (d) when used in connection with a CDOR Loan to a U.S. Borrower or a SONIA Rate Loan , the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for business in London, England. 
 
 Canadian Availability means, at any time, an amount equal to the least of (a) (i) the sum of (A) the Canadian Borrowing Base and (B) the positive amount, if any, by which (1) the U.S. Borrowing Base exceeds (2) the Aggregate U.S. Credit Exposure minus (ii) the Aggregate Canadian Credit Exposure; (b) (i) the Canadian Sublimit minus (ii) the Aggregate Canadian Credit Exposure (calculated, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Borrowings); and (c) (i) the Aggregate Commitments minus (ii) the Aggregate Credit Exposure (calculated, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Borrowings), all as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 
 Canadian Benefit Plan means any material plan, fund, program, or policy, whether funded or unfunded, insured or uninsured, providing employee benefits, including such medical, hospital care, dental, sickness, accident, disability, life insurance, retirement or savings benefits, under which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party has any liability with respect to any employee or former employee, but excluding any Canadian Pension Plans and any program such as employment insurance or provincial health plans that are administered by a Governmental Authority, which is, or has been, maintained or contributed to by, or to which there is or may be an obligation to contribute by, a Loan Party or Subsidiary operating in Canada in respect of any Person s employment in Canada with such Loan Party or Subsidiary. 
 
 Canadian Blocked Person means any Person that is a politically exposed foreign person or terrorist group or similar person whose property or interests in property are blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to, or as described in, any Canadian Economic Sanctions and Export Control Laws. 
 
 Canadian Borrowers means, collectively, URBN Canada and each Canadian Subsidiary Borrower, and Canadian Borrower means any of them. 
 
 Canadian Borrowing Base means, at any time, the sum of: 
 
 (a) the product of (i) 85 multiplied by (ii) the Eligible Trade Accounts of the Canadian 

Borrowers at such time, plus 
 
 (b) the product of (i) 90 multiplied by (ii) the Eligible Credit Card Accounts of the 

Canadian Borrowers at such time, plus 
 
 (c) the product of the Inventory Advance Percentage multiplied by the Net Orderly 

Liquidation Value percentage identified in the most recent inventory appraisal ordered and received by the Administrative Agent multiplied by the Canadian Borrowers Eligible Inventory at such time, valued 

at the lower of cost or market value, determined utilizing the retail method or such other method approved in writing by the Administrative Agent (the amount resulting from the foregoing calculation, the Canadian Inventory Availability ), plus 
 
 (d) the product of the Inventory Advance Percentage multiplied by the Net Orderly 

Liquidation Value percentage identified in the most recent inventory appraisal ordered and received by the Administrative Agent multiplied by the Canadian Borrowers Eligible In-Transit Inventory at such time, valued at the lower of cost or market value, determined utilizing the retail method or such other method approved in writing by the Administrative Agent; provided that the dollar amount included under this clause (d) shall not at any time exceed an amount equal to ten percent (10 of Canadian Inventory Availability, minus 
 
 (e) Reserves. 

Subject to the provisions set forth in this Agreement expressly permitting the Administrative Agent to adjust Reserves, the Canadian Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(g) (or, prior to the first such delivery, delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 4.01(o)). After an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, in its Permitted Discretion, reduce the advance rates set forth above or reduce one or more of the other elements used in computing the Canadian Borrowing Base. 
 
 Canadian Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Canadian Security Agreements and any other documents pursuant to which a Canadian Loan Party grants a Lien upon any real or personal property as security for payment of the Canadian Secured Obligations, including, without limitation, all other security agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages, deeds of hypothec, deeds of trust, loan agreements, notes, guarantees, subordination agreements, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, fee letters, notices, leases, financing statements and all other written matter whether theretofore, now or hereafter executed by any Canadian Loan Party and delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Canadian Defined Benefit Plan means a Canadian Pension Plan, which contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the ITA. 
 
 Canadian Dollars and Cdn means dollars in the lawful currency of Canada. 
 
 Canadian Economic Sanctions and Export Control Laws means any Canadian laws, regulations or orders governing transactions in controlled goods or technologies or dealings with countries, entities, organizations, or individuals subject to economic sanctions and similar measures, including the Special Economic Measures Act (Canada), the United Nations Act, (Canada), the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada), Part II.1 of the Criminal Code, (Canada) and the Export and Import Permits Act (Canada), and any related regulations. 
 Canadian Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.01. 
 Canadian Guarantor means each Canadian Subsidiary of a Borrower that is listed on the signature pages hereto as a Guarantor or that becomes a party hereto as a Canadian Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.14, in each case, until such Subsidiary s Loan Guaranty is released in accordance herewith. 

Canadian Lender means a Lender with a Revolving Commitment to the Canadian Borrowers pursuant to the Canadian Sublimit. 
 
 Canadian Loan Parties means, collectively, the Canadian Borrowers and the Canadian Guarantors and any other Canadian Subsidiary who becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and their respective successors and assigns, and the term Canadian Loan Party shall mean any one of them or all of them individually, as the context may require. 
 
 Canadian Obligated Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.02. 
 
 Canadian Pension Plans means any plan, program or arrangement that is a pension plan that is required to be registered under any applicable Canadian federal or provincial pension legislation, whether or not registered under any such laws, which is, or has been, maintained or contributed to by, or to which there is or may be an obligation to contribute by, a Loan Party or Subsidiary operating in Canada in respect of any Person s employment in Canada with such Loan Party or Subsidiary, other than plans established by statute, which shall include the Canada Pension Plan maintained by the government of Canada and the Quebec Pension Plan maintained by the Province of Quebec. 
 
 Canadian Prime Rate means, on any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (i) the rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate that appears on the Bloomberg screen at 10:15 
 a.m. Toronto time on such day (or, in the event that the PRIMCAN Index is not published by Bloomberg, any other information services that publishes such index from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and (ii) the CDOR Rate for a 30 day Interest Period on such day, plus 1 per annum; provided, that if any the above rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index or the CDOR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the PRIMCAN Index or the CDOR Rate, respectively. 
 
 Canadian Prime Rate Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing means a Loan or Borrowing, respectively, denominated in Canadian Dollars the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the Canadian Prime Rate. 
 
 Canadian Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the Dollar Amount sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans, LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure to the Canadian Borrowers, plus (b) an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Overadvances outstanding of the Canadian Borrowers. 
 
 Canadian Revolving Exposure Limitations shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01. 
 
 Canadian Secured Obligations means all Obligations of the Canadian Loan Parties, together with all (a) Banking Services Obligations of the Canadian Borrowers or any Canadian Subsidiary of a Borrower; and (b) Swap Agreement Obligations of a Canadian Borrower or any Canadian Subsidiary of a Borrower; provided that Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Canadian Loan Party shall not be Canadian Secured Obligations of such Canadian Loan Party; provided further that, notwithstanding 

anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, Specified L/C Obligations constituting Banking Services Obligations shall not constitute Canadian Secured Obligations following such time as the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under any Loan Document (other than contingent or indemnity obligations for which no claim has been made) shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or have been Cash Collateralized pursuant to the terms hereof or terminated, in each case without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed. 
 
 Canadian Security Agreements means each of (a) that certain Canadian Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of the Effective Date, entered into by URBN Canada in favor of the Administrative Agent, (b) that certain deed of hypothec entered into by URBN Canada in favor of the Administrative Agent dated as of on or about the Effective Date, and (c) as the context requires, any other pledge or security agreement or deed of hypothec after the Effective Date by any Canadian Loan Party (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document), as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Canadian Sublimit means 35,000,000. 
 
 Canadian Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company that has been formed or is organized under the laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof. 
 
 Canadian Subsidiary Borrowers means, collectively (i) each Canadian Subsidiary of the Company that is a party to this Agreement as a Canadian Borrower on the Effective Date and (ii) each Canadian Subsidiary of the Company that becomes a party to this Agreement as a Canadian Borrower following the Effective Date pursuant to Section 5.14, in each case, until such time as such Canadian Subsidiary is released from its obligations under the Loan Documents in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 Capital Expenditures means, without duplication, any expenditure or commitment to expend money for any purchase or other acquisition of any asset which would be classified as a fixed or capital asset on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Cash Collateralize has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(j). Derivatives of such term have corresponding meanings. 
 
 Cash Equivalents means: 
 
 (a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are 

unconditionally guaranteed by, the U.S. or the Government of Canada (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. or the Government of Canada), in each case maturing within two years from the date of acquisition thereof; 

(b) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition 

thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, a rating of at least A-2 or P-2 from S P or Moody s (or, if at any time neither S P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, then the highest rating from such other nationally recognized rating services acceptable to the Administrative Agent); 
 
 (c) investments in certificates of deposit, guaranteed investment certificates, bankers 

acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the U.S. or any State thereof or the federal laws of Canada which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 
 500,000,000; 
 
 (d) in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, obligations and securities of any foreign 

Governmental Authority or financial institution meeting substantially similar criteria as set forth above; 
 
 (e) repurchase agreements maturing within 365 days from the date of acquisition thereof for 

securities described in clause (a) above and entered into with any Lender or any commercial bank satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above; 
 
 (f) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in Securities and Exchange 

Commission Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (ii) are rated AAA by S P and Aaa by Moody s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least 5,000,000,000; 
 
 (g) marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the U.S., or by the Canadian federal 

government, or any province or territory of Canada, or any political subdivision of any such state, province or territory or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case maturing within two years after the date of acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition, in each case having the highest rate obtainable from either S P or Moody s (or, if at any time neither S P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, then the highest rating from such other nationally recognized rating services acceptable to the Administrative Agent), and in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, other short-term investments that are (i) analogous to the foregoing, (ii) comparable credit quality and (iii) customarily used by companies in the jurisdiction of such Foreign Subsidiary for cash management purposes; 
 
 (h) overnight investments with any Lender or any commercial bank satisfying the criteria 

described in clause (c) above; and 
 
 (i) other instruments as readily marketable as the investments (and as limited in duration if 

time instruments) as described in clause (c) above issued or sold by any Lender or any commercial bank satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above. 
 
 CDOR Loan or CDOR Borrowing when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the CDOR Rate. 
 
 CDOR Rate means, with respect to any CDOR Borrowing for any Interest Period, the Canadian deposit offered rate which, in turn means on any day the annual rate of interest determined with reference to the arithmetic average of the discount rate quotations of all institutions listed in respect of the relevant Interest Period for Canadian Dollar-denominated bankers acceptances displayed and identified as such on the Thomson Reuters Screen CDOR Page as defined in the International Swap Dealer Association, Inc. definitions, as modified and amended from time to time, as of 10:00 a.m. Toronto local time on such day and, if such day is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day (as adjusted 

by the Administrative Agent after 10:00 a.m. Toronto local time to reflect any error in the posted rate of interest or in the posted average annual rate of interest); provided that if such rates are not available on the Thomson Reuters Screen CDOR Page on any particular day, then the Canadian deposit offered rate component of such rate on that day shall be calculated as the cost of funds quoted by the Administrative Agent to raise Canadian Dollars for the applicable Interest Period as of 10:00 a.m. Toronto local time on such day for commercial loans or other extensions of credit to businesses of comparable credit risk; or if such day is not a Business Day, then as quoted by the Administrative Agent on the immediately preceding Business Day. If the CDOR Rates shall be less than zero, the CDOR Rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 CFC means each Person that is a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code. 
 
 CFC Holdco means a Domestic Subsidiary with no material assets other than equity interests of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs. 
 
 Change in Control means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) but excluding the Control Group, of Equity Interests representing more than 50 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Company; (b) the Company shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, at least 100 of the outstanding voting Equity Interests of the other Loan Parties on a fully diluted basis, or (c) any change of control or similar concept occurs under any agreement governing Material Indebtedness. 
 
 Change in Law means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement (or, with respect to any Lender, such later date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement) of any of the following: 
 (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty; (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority; or (c) compliance by any Lender or the Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 
 Charges has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17. 
 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Collateral means any and all property owned, leased or operated by a Person covered by the Collateral Documents and any and all other property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that may at any time be, become or be intended (pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of any Collateral Document) to be, subject to a security interest or Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and the Lenders and other Secured Parties, to secure the Secured Obligations. 

Collateral Access Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreement, as the context requires. 
 
 Collateral and Guaranty Requirement means, at any time, the requirement that: 
 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received from the Company and each Designated 

Subsidiary (i) in the case of the Company and each Designated Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary, a counterpart of this Agreement and the Security Agreements, as applicable, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person causing such Domestic Subsidiary to become a U.S. Loan Party, (ii) in the case of URBN Canada and each Designated Subsidiary that is a Canadian Subsidiary, a counterpart of this Agreement and the Security Agreements, as applicable, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person causing such Canadian Subsidiary to become a Canadian Loan Party or (iii) in the case of any Person that becomes a Designated Subsidiary after the Effective Date, (A) a Joinder Agreement, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person, causing such Designated Subsidiary to become a U.S. Loan Party or a Canadian Loan Party, as appropriate, and (B) instruments in the form or forms specified in the Security Agreement under which such Person becomes a party to the Security Agreement, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person, together with such certificates, documents and opinions with respect to such Designated Subsidiary as may reasonably be requested by the Administrative Agent; 
 
 (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received all Collateral Access Agreements, Control 

Agreements and other Collateral Documents required to be provided to it hereunder or under the applicable Security Agreement; 
 
 (c) (i) all Equity Interests owned by or on behalf of any U.S. Loan Party shall have been 

pledged to support the Secured Obligations pursuant to, and to the extent required by, the Security Agreements; provided that, in the case of Equity Interests entitled to vote in any CFC or CFC Holdco owned by a Loan Party, the U.S. Loan Party shall not be required to pledge in support of the U.S. Secured Obligations more than 65 of such Equity Interests entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) of any such CFC or CFC Holdco to the extent a pledge of a greater percentage could reasonably be expected to result in adverse tax consequences to the Company, (ii) all Equity Interests owned by or on behalf of any Canadian Loan Party shall have been pledged to support the Canadian Secured Obligations pursuant to, and to the extent required by, the Canadian Security Agreements, and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall, to the extent required by the Security Agreements, have received certificates or other instruments representing all such certificated Equity Interests, together with undated stock powers or other instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed in blank; 
 
 (d) all documents and instruments, including UCC and PPSA financing statements required 

by the Collateral Documents or this Agreement with the priority required by the Collateral Documents shall have been filed, registered or recorded or delivered to the Administrative Agent for filing, registration or recording; and 
 
 (e) each Loan Party shall have obtained all material consents and approvals required in 

connection with the execution and delivery of all Collateral Documents to which it is a party and the performance of its obligations thereunder. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Designated Subsidiary formed or acquired after the Effective Date shall not be required to comply with the foregoing requirements prior to the time specified in Section 
 5.14. The foregoing definition shall not require the creation or perfection of pledges of or security interests in, or legal opinions or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets of the Loan Parties, or the provision of Guarantees by any Subsidiary, if and for so long as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower Representative, determines that the cost of creating or perfecting such 

pledges or security interests in such assets, or obtaining legal opinions or other deliverables in respect of such assets, or providing such Guarantees, shall be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom. The Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion grant extensions of time for the creation and perfection of security interests in, or the delivery of legal opinions or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets or the provision of any Guarantee by any Subsidiary (including extensions beyond the Effective Date or in connection with assets acquired, or Subsidiaries formed or acquired, after the Effective Date) where it determines that such action cannot be accomplished without unreasonable effort or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required to be accomplished by this Agreement or the Collateral Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no action required to be taken by any Person to effect compliance by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with any applicable Requirement of Law shall be deemed to cause unreasonable effort or expense hereunder. 
 
 Collateral Documents means, collectively, the U.S. Collateral Documents and the Canadian Collateral Documents. 
 
 Collateral-Related Property has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23. 
 
 Commercial LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Dollar Amount of all outstanding commercial Letters of Credit plus (b) the aggregate Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements relating to commercial Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the U.S. Borrowers. The Commercial LC Exposure of an Issuing Bank (in its capacity as such) shall be the Commercial LC Exposure in respect of commercial Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. The Commercial LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate Commercial LC Exposure at such time. Commercial letters of credit issued under a Specified L/C Facility shall not constitute Letters of Credit, and amounts thereunder (whether undrawn or drawn but unreimbursed) shall not constitute Commercial LC Exposure. 
 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit, Overadvances, Protective Advances and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate permitted amount of such Lender s Revolving Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (a) Section 2.09 and (b) assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lender s Commitment is set forth on the Commitment Schedule , or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. 
 
 Commitment Schedule means the Schedule attached hereto identified as such. 
 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 
 Communications has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d). 
 
 Company means Urban Outfitters, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation. 
 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate executed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative in substantially the form of Exhibit D . 
 
 Concentration Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreement, as the context requires. 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 
 Control Agreement means, with respect to any deposit account, securities account, commodity account, securities entitlement or commodity contract, an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent, among Administrative Agent, the financial institution or other Person at which such account is maintained or with which such entitlement or contract is carried and the applicable Loan Party (by virtue of such Loan Party maintaining such account or owning such entitlement or contract), effective to grant control (within the meanings of Articles 8 and 9 under the applicable UCC) over such account to Administrative Agent. 
 
 Control Group means Richard A. Hayne and Margaret A. Hayne and any lineal descendant thereof and any trust created for the benefit of Mr. Hayne, Mrs. Hayne or any lineal descendant. 
 
 Controlled Disbursement Account means any account of any Borrower maintained with the Lender as a zero balance, cash management account pursuant to and under any agreement between a Borrower and the Lender, as modified and amended from time to time, and through which all disbursements of a Borrower, any Loan Party and any Designated Subsidiary of a Borrower are made and settled on a daily basis with no uninvested balance remaining overnight. 
 
 Credit Card Accounts means any payment intangibles , as defined in the UCC (or intangibles as defined in the PPSA, if applicable) or receivables due to any Borrower from a credit card issuer or a credit card processor in connection with purchases of Inventory of such Borrower in the ordinary course of business on (a) credit cards issued by Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, PayPal, each of their respective Affiliates, and any other credit card issuers that are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, (b) private label credit cards of any Borrower issued under non-recourse arrangements substantially similar to those in effect on the Effective Date or (c) debit cards and mall cards issued by issuers or providers that are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in each case under this definition, which have been earned by performance by such Borrower but not yet paid to such Borrower by such credit card issuer or credit card processor. 
 
 Credit Card Agreement means any agreement between a Borrower, on the one hand, and a credit card issuer or a credit card processor (including any credit card processor that processes purchases of Inventory from a Borrower through debit cards or mall cards), on the other hand relating to any Credit Card Account included or intended to be included in any Borrowing Base. 
 
 Credit Card Notifications means each credit card notification, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, executed by one or more Borrowers and delivered by such Borrowers to credit card issuers or credit card processors that are party to any Credit Card Agreement. 
 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender. 
 
 Daily Simple SONIA means, for any day (a SONIA Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SONIA for the day that is 3 Business Days prior to (A) if such SONIA Interest Day is a Business Day, such SONIA Interest Day or (B) if such SONIA Interest Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such SONIA Interest Day and (b) 0.00 . 

Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular Default, if any) has not been satisfied; (b) has notified any Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement, to the effect that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular Default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification, or (d) has become the subject of (i) a Bankruptcy Event or (ii) Bail-In Action. 
 
 Deposit Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreements, as the context requires. 
 
 Designated Currency means, in relation to any Loan or Borrowing, any currency (a) that is freely transferable and convertible into U.S. Dollars in the London interbank market, (b) for which LIBO Rates can be determined by reference to the applicable Reuters screen as provided in the definition of LIBO Rate and (c) that has been designated by the Administrative Agent as a Designated Currency at the request of the Borrower Representative and with the consent of each Lender. 
 
 Designated Subsidiary means each Subsidiary other than any Excluded Subsidiary. 
 
 Disclosed Matters means the actions, suits, proceedings and environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 3.06 . 
 
 Disqualified Stock means any Equity Interests which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, 
 (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, or requires the payment of any cash dividend or any other scheduled payment constituting a return of capital, in each case at any time on or prior to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date, or (b) is convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) cash, (ii) debt securities or (iii) any Equity Interests referred to in (a) above, in each case at any time prior to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because holders of the Equity Interests have the right to require the issuer of such Equity Interests to repurchase such Equity Interests upon the occurrence of a change of control or an asset sale will not constitute Disqualified Stock if the terms of such Equity Interests provide that the issuer may not repurchase or redeem any such Equity Interests pursuant to such provisions unless such repurchase or redemption is permitted under the terms of this Agreement. 

Document has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreement, as the context requires, and includes a document of title as defined in the PPSA, if applicable. 
 
 Dollar Amount means (a) with regard to any Obligation or calculation denominated in U.S. Dollars, the amount thereof, and (b) with regard to any Obligation or calculation denominated in any other currency, the amount of U.S. Dollars which is equivalent to the amount so expressed in such currency at the Spot Rate on the relevant date of determination. 
 
 Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the U.S. (which, subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, shall be deemed to include URBN Puerto Rico Retail LLC). 
 
 Dominion Period means (a) any period during which any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or (b) any period (i) commencing at any time when Aggregate Availability shall be less than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level I), and (ii) ending when Aggregate Availability shall have been greater than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level I) for a period of 30 consecutive days; provided that no more than two (2) Dominion Periods may end in any consecutive twelve (12) month period. 
 
 EBITDA means, for any period, for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to Net Income for such period, plus 

(a) the following without duplication and to the extent deducted in calculating such Net Income: 
 (i) Interest Expense for such period; 

(ii) the provision for federal, state, provincial, local and foreign income taxes 

(excluding Federal, state, local and foreign income tax credits of the Company) payable by the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period; 
 
 (iii) depreciation and amortization expense; 

(iv) non-cash compensation expenses; 

(v) non-recurring non-cash charges (including asset impairment charges, unrealized 

foreign currency losses or other unrealized hedge agreement losses, but for avoidance of doubt, excluding recurring non-cash charges, such as non-cash charges that relate to the write-down or write-off of inventory) for such period; 
 
 (vi) other non-recurring losses, costs, charges, or cash expenses (including without 

limitation restructuring, business optimization costs, charges or reserves (including any unusual or non-recurring operating expenses directly attributable to the implementation of cost savings initiatives), and non-recurring severance, relocation, consolidation, transition, integration or other similar charges and expenses in an amount not to exceed 25,000,000 in the aggregate for such period; 
 
 (vii) costs, fees, expenses, premiums or penalties incurred during such period in 

connection with Acquisitions (whether or not consummated) and permitted asset sales (whether or not consummated) in an amount not to exceed 5,000,000 in the aggregate for such period, other than asset sales effected in the ordinary course of business; 
 
 (viii) costs, fees, and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions; and minus 

(b) the following without duplication and to the extend included in calculating such Net Income: 

(i) federal, state, provincial, local and foreign income tax credits of the Company 

and its Subsidiaries for such period; 
 
 (ii) all non-recurring non-cash items increasing Net Income for such period 

(including, without limitation, foreign currency gains, but excluding normal accruals in the ordinary course of business); 
 
 (iii) all non-recurring cash gains of the Company and its Subsidiaries increasing Net 

Income for such period; 
 
 (iv) interest income for such period; and 

(v) any cash payments for such period that were deducted in determining Net Income 

and added back in determining EBITDA in such testing period or a previous testing period under clause (a)(v) above. 
 
 For purposes of calculating EBITDA (except for purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.12) for any period in connection with the determination of whether the Payment Conditions have been satisfied, if during any period the Company or any Subsidiary shall have consummated a Pro Forma Event since the first day of such period, EBITDA for such period shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect thereto. 

EBITDAR means, for any period, for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of EBITDA plus Rentals. 
 
 ECP means an eligible contract participant as defined in Section 1(a)(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and/or the SEC. 
 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 
 Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02). 

Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 
 Electronic System means any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax, web portal access for such Borrowers, Intralinks , ClearPar , Debt Domain, Syndtrak and any other Internet or extranet-based site, whether such electronic system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank and any of its respective Related Parties or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security system. 
 
 Eligible Credit Card Accounts means at the time of any determination thereof, each Credit Card Account of a Borrower that satisfies the following criteria at the time of creation and continues to meet the same at the time of such determination: such Credit Card Account (i) has been earned by performance and represents the bona fide amounts due to a Borrower from a credit card issuer or credit card processor, and in each case is originated in the ordinary course of business of such Borrower, and (ii) in each case is not ineligible for inclusion in the calculation of any Borrowing Base pursuant to any of clauses (a) through (p) below. Without limiting the foregoing, to qualify as an Eligible Credit Card Account, such Credit Card Account shall indicate no Person other than a Borrower as payee or remittance party. Any Credit Card Account included within any of the following categories shall not constitute an Eligible Credit Card Account: 
 
 (a) which is not earned or does not represent the bona fide amount due to a Borrower from a 

credit card processor or a credit card issuer that originated in the ordinary course of business of the applicable Borrower; 
 (b) which is not owned by a Borrower or to which a Borrower does not have good or marketable title; 

(c) in which the payee of such Credit Card Account is a Person other than a Borrower; 

(d) which does not constitute an Account (as defined in the UCC or, if applicable, the 

PPSA) or a Payment Intangible (as defined in the UCC) or an intangible (as defined in the PPSA, if applicable); 
 
 (e) which has been outstanding for more than five (5) Business Days (or, in the case of 

American Express, ten (10) calendar days) from the date of sale; 
 
 (f) with respect to which the applicable credit card issuer, credit card processor or debit card 

or mall card issuer or provider has (i) applied for, suffered, or consented to the appointment of any receiver, interim receiver, custodian, trustee, monitor, administrator, sequestrator or liquidator of its assets, (ii) has had possession of all or a material part of its property taken by any receiver, interim receiver, custodian, trustee, monitor, administrator, sequestrator or liquidator, (iii) filed, or had filed against it (but only so long as any such involuntary filing has not been stayed or vacated), any request or petition for liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debts, adjudication as bankrupt, winding-up, or voluntary or involuntary case under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (iv) has admitted in writing its inability, or is generally unable to, pay its debts as they become due, (v) become insolvent or (vi) ceased operation of its business; 
 
 (g) which is not a valid, legally enforceable obligation of the applicable credit card issuer or 

credit card processor with respect thereto; 

(h) which is not subject to a duly perfected first priority security interest in favor of the 

Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties); 
 
 (i) which is subject to any Lien, other than (i) a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent 

(for the benefit of the Secured Parties), (ii) any Permitted Encumbrances contemplated by the applicable processor agreements and for which appropriate Reserves (as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion) have been established and (iii) Liens securing Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness that are subject to an Intercreditor Agreement and which do not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent; 
 
 (j) with respect to which (i) (x) any covenant has been breached or (y) any other 

representation or warranty is not true in all material respects to the extent contained in this Agreement or the Security Agreement, it being acknowledged that any representation or warranty as to eligibility under this definition shall not be deemed qualified by materiality except as and to the extent expressly so stated in another provision of this definition, or (ii) (x) any covenant has been breached or (y) any representation or warranty is not true in all material respects to the extent contained in the Credit Card Agreements relating to such Credit Card Account, provided that each such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects to the extent already qualified by a materiality standard; 
 
 (k) which is subject to risk of set-off, recoupment, non-collection or not being processed due 

to unpaid and/or accrued credit card processor fee balances, to the extent of the lesser of the balance of the applicable Credit Card Account or the unpaid credit card processor fees; 
 
 (l) which is evidenced by chattel paper or an instrument of any kind unless such chattel 

paper or instrument is in the possession of the Administrative Agent, and to the extent necessary or appropriate, endorsed to the Administrative Agent; 
 
 (m) which the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion determines may not be paid 

by reason of the applicable credit card processor s, credit card issuer s or debit card or mall card issuer s or provider s inability to pay; 
 
 (n) which represents a deposit or partial payment in connection with the purchase of 

Inventory of such Borrower; 
 
 (o) which is not subject to a Credit Card Notification; or 

(p) which does not meet such other eligibility criteria for Credit Card Accounts as the 

Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion may determine from time to time; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not add any additional eligibility criteria (or amend any then-existing eligibility criteria to make the same more restrictive) without giving at least four (4) Business Days prior notice to the Borrower Representative; provided further that, if after the delivery of such notice the Borrower Representative notifies the Administrative Agent that it desires to discuss the changes described therein, then the Administrative Agent will discuss such changes with the Borrower Representative, provided that nothing in this proviso shall obligate the Administrative Agent to eliminate, reduce, or delay any such changes. 
 
 In determining the amount of an Eligible Credit Card Account of a Borrower, the face amount of a Credit Card Account may, in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion, be reduced by, without duplication, to the extent not reflected in such face amount, (i) the amount of all accrued and actual fees, expenses and charges due to the credit card issuer or credit card processor by any Borrower, discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments, finance charges or 

other allowances (including any amount that a Borrower may be obligated to rebate to a customer, a credit card issuer or credit card processor pursuant to the terms of any agreement or understanding (written or oral)) and (ii) the aggregate amount of all cash received in respect of such Credit Card Account but not yet applied by the Borrowers to reduce the amount of such Credit Card Account. 
 
 Eligible In-Transit Inventory means, as of the date of determination thereof, without duplication, Inventory of a Borrower that, except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion, meets each of the following criteria: 
 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received, if requested, (1) a true and correct copy of 

the bill of lading and other shipping documents for such Inventory unless the Administrative Agent has entered into a duly executed Collateral Access Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, from the applicable freight forwarder for such Inventory and (2) evidence of satisfactory casualty insurance naming the Administrative Agent as lender loss payee and otherwise covering such risks as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; 
 
 (b) if the bill of lading is non-negotiable, the Inventory must be in transit within the U.S. or 

Canada (or in transit from outside the U.S. or Canada, if approved by the Administrative Agent in writing) and the Administrative Agent shall have entered into or delivered, if requested, a duly executed Collateral Access Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, with or to the applicable customs broker, freight forwarder or carrier for such Inventory; 
 
 (c) except as otherwise approved in writing by the Administrative Agent, (i) if the bill of 

lading is negotiable, the inventory must be in transit from outside the U.S. or Canada, and (ii) whether the bill of lading is negotiable or non-negotiable, the Administrative Agent shall have received (1) confirmation that the bill is issued in the name of such Borrower and consigned to the order of the Administrative Agent (or any other agent designated by the Administrative Agent), (2) an acceptable agreement that has been executed with such Borrower s customs broker, in which the customs broker agrees that it holds any negotiable bill as agent for the Administrative Agent and has granted the Administrative Agent access to the Inventory, (3) an estimate from such Borrower of the customs duties and customs fees associated with the Inventory in order to establish an appropriate Reserve, and (4) the Administrative Agent shall have received confirmation that title to such Inventory shall have passed to such Borrower and the Borrower shall be the sole owner of such Inventory, and if the goods were covered by a commercial letter of credit that such Borrower has paid for the goods; 
 
 (d) the common carrier is not an Affiliate of the applicable vendor or supplier; 

(e) the customs broker is not an Affiliate of any Borrower; 

(f) such Inventory has not been in-transit for more than 45 days from the date such Inventory 

first became Eligible Inventory; and 
 
 (g) such Inventory satisfies all of the criteria for Eligible Inventory (except the criteria in 

clauses (g) and (i)(ii) of the definition of Eligible Inventory ). 
 
 Eligible Inventory means, as of the date of determination thereof, without duplication, items of Inventory of a Borrower that are finished goods, merchantable and readily saleable in the ordinary course of such Borrower s business, in each case in this definition that is not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the criteria set forth below. Eligible Inventory shall not include any Inventory: 

(a) which is not subject to a first priority perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent 

(for the benefit of the Secured Parties); 
 
 (b) which is subject to any Lien other than (i) a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent 

(for the benefit of the Secured Parties), (ii) a Permitted Encumbrance which does not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) and (iii) Liens securing Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness that are subject to an Intercreditor Agreement and which do not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent; 
 
 (c) which is slow moving (unless otherwise covered by a current appraisal acceptable to the 

Administrative Agent), obsolete, unmerchantable, defective, used, unfit for sale, unacceptable due to age, type, category and/or quantity or which was not able to be valued under any appraisal conducted from time to time; 
 
 (d) (i) with respect to which any covenant, other representation or warranty contained in this 

Agreement or in any Security Agreement has been breached or is not true in any material respect (or with respect to any representation or warranty that is already qualified by materiality, such representation and warranty is untrue), it being acknowledged that any representation or warranty as to eligibility under this definition shall not be deemed qualified by materiality except as and to the extent expressly so stated in another provision of this definition, or (ii) which does not conform in all material respects to all standards imposed by any applicable Governmental Authority; 
 
 (e) in which any Person other than such Borrower shall (i) have any direct or indirect 

ownership, interest or title or (ii) be indicated on any purchase order or invoice with respect to such Inventory as having or purporting to have an interest therein; 
 
 (f) which is not finished goods or which constitutes work-in-progress, raw materials, spare 

or replacement parts, packaging and shipping material, manufacturing supplies, samples, prototypes, displays or display items, bill-and-hold or ship-in-place goods, goods that are returned or marked for return, repossessed goods, defective or damaged goods, goods held on consignment, or goods which are not of a type held for sale in the ordinary course of business (for the avoidance of doubt, sales in the ordinary course of business includes clearance sales); 
 
 (g) which (i) is not located in the U.S., Puerto Rico or Canada, or (ii) is In-Transit Inventory; 

(h) which is located in any location leased by such Borrower (other than any retail store of 

such Borrower located in a jurisdiction that does not provide for a common law or statutory landlord s lien on the personal property of tenants, unless a landlord s lien or hypothec has been granted by a Borrower in such a jurisdiction, that would be prior or superior to the Liens of the Administrative Agent) unless (i) the lessor has delivered to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement or (ii) a Reserve has been established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion; 
 
 (i) which is (i) located in any third party warehouse or is in the possession of a bailee (other 

than a third party processor) unless (A) such warehouseman or bailee has delivered to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may require or (B) an appropriate Reserve has been established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion, or (ii) evidenced by a negotiable Document; 
 
 (j) which is being processed offsite at a third party location or outside processor, or is 

in-transit to or from such third party location or outside processor; 

(k) which is the subject of a consignment by such Borrower as consignor; 

(l) which contains or bears any intellectual property rights licensed to such Borrower unless 

the Administrative Agent is satisfied that it may sell or otherwise dispose of such Inventory without (i) infringing the rights of such licensor, (ii) violating any contract with such licensor, or (iii) incurring any liability with respect to payment of royalties other than royalties incurred pursuant to sale of such Inventory under the current licensing agreement; 
 
 (m) which is not reflected in a current perpetual inventory report of such Borrower (unless 

such Inventory is reflected in a report to the Administrative Agent as in transit Inventory); 
 
 (n) for which reclamation rights have been asserted by the seller; 

(o) which has been acquired from a Sanctioned Person; 

(p) which has been designated or demanded to be returned to or retained by the applicable 

vendor or which has been recognized as damaged or off quality by the applicable Borrower; or 
 
 (q) which does not meet such other eligibility criteria for Inventory as the Administrative 

Agent in its Permitted Discretion may determine from time to time; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not add any additional eligibility criteria (or amend any then-existing eligibility criteria to make the same more restrictive) without giving at least four (4) Business Days' prior notice to the Borrower Representative; provided further that, if after the delivery of such notice the Borrower Representative notifies the Administrative Agent that it desires to discuss the changes described therein, then the Administrative Agent will discuss such changes with the Borrower Representative, provided that nothing in this proviso shall obligate the Administrative Agent to eliminate, reduce, or delay any such changes; 
 
 provided further that in determining the value of the Eligible Inventory, such value shall be reduced by, without duplication of amounts already accounted for in determining such value, any amounts representing (i) vendor rebates; (ii) costs included in Inventory relating to advertising; (iii) a shrink reserve; and (iv) the unreconciled discrepancy between the general inventory ledger and the perpetual inventory ledger, to the extent the general inventory ledger reflects less Inventory than the perpetual inventory ledger. In the event that Inventory of a Borrower which was previously Eligible Inventory ceases to be Eligible Inventory hereunder, such cessation shall be reflected in the next Borrowing Base Certificate. 
 
 Eligible Trade Accounts means, at any time, each Account (other than a Credit Card Account) of a Borrower that satisfies the following criteria at the time of creation and continues to meet the same at the time of such determination: such Account (i) has been earned by performance and represents the bona fide amounts due to a Borrower and in each case is originated in the ordinary course of business of such Borrower, and (ii) in each case is not ineligible for inclusion in the calculation of any Borrowing Base pursuant to any of clauses (a) through (y) below. Without limiting the foregoing, to qualify as an Eligible Trade Account, such Account shall indicate no Person other than a Borrower as payee or remittance party. Any Account included within any of the following categories shall not constitute an Eligible Trade Account: 
 
 (a) which is not subject to a first priority perfected security interest in favor of the 

Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties); 

(b) which is subject to any Lien other than (i) a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, 

(ii) a Permitted Encumbrance which does not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent and (iii) Liens securing Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness that are subject to an Intercreditor Agreement and which do not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent; 
 
 (c) (i) with respect to which the scheduled due date is more than 90 days after the date of the 

original invoice therefor, (ii) which is unpaid more than 90 days after the date of the original invoice therefor or more than 60 days after the original due date therefor (in determining the aggregate amount from the same Account Debtor that is unpaid hereunder there shall be excluded the amount of any net credit balances relating to Accounts due from such Account Debtor which are unpaid more than 90 days after the date of the original invoice therefor or more than 60 days after the original due date therefor) or 
 (iii) which has been written off the books of such Borrower or otherwise designated as uncollectible; 
 
 (d) which is owing by an Account Debtor for which more than 50 of the Accounts owing 

from such Account Debtor and its Affiliates are ineligible pursuant to clause (c) above; 
 
 (e) which is owing by an Account Debtor to the extent the aggregate amount of Accounts 

owing from such Account Debtor and its Affiliates to all Borrowers exceeds 20 of the aggregate amount of Eligible Trade Accounts of all Borrowers; provided that with respect to an Account which is owing by 
 (i) Nordstrom, Inc. or its Affiliates (a Nordstrom Account to the extent the aggregate amount of Nordstrom Accounts owing to all Borrowers exceeds 35 of the aggregate amount of Eligible Trade Accounts of all Borrowers and (ii) Macy s, Inc. or its Affiliates (a Macy s Account to the extent the aggregate amount of Macy s Accounts owing to all Borrowers exceeds 35 of the aggregate amount of Eligible Trade Accounts of all Borrowers; provided further that, should (i) Nordstrom, Inc. fail to maintain a corporate credit rating from S P of BBB- or higher, then the 35 concentration limit set forth above for Nordstrom Accounts shall be reduced to 20 and (ii) Macy s, Inc. fail to maintain a corporate credit rating from S P of BBB- or higher, then the 35 concentration limit set forth above for Macy s Accounts shall be reduced to 20 ; 
 
 (f) with respect to which any covenant, other representation or warranty contained in this 

Agreement or in any Security Agreement has been breached or is not true in all material respects (or, to the extent qualified by materiality, in all respects), it being acknowledged that any representation or warranty as to eligibility under this definition shall not be deemed qualified by materiality except as and to the extent expressly so stated in another provision of this definition; 
 
 (g) which (i) does not arise from the sale of Inventory or performance of services in the 

ordinary course of business, (ii) is not evidenced by an invoice or other documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent which has been sent to the Account Debtor, (iii) represents a progress billing, (iv) is contingent upon such Borrower's completion of any further performance, (v) represents a sale on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale-and-return, sale on approval, consignment, cash-on-delivery or any other repurchase or return basis or (vi) relates to payments of interest; 
 
 (h) for which the goods giving rise to such Account have not been shipped to the Account 

Debtor or for which the services giving rise to such Account have not been performed by such Borrower or if such Account was invoiced more than once; 
 
 (i) with respect to which any check or other instrument of payment has been returned 

uncollected for any reason; 
 
 (j) which is owed by an Account Debtor which has (i) applied for, suffered, or consented to 

the appointment of any receiver, interim receiver, custodian, trustee, liquidator or similar official of its 

assets, (ii) had possession of all or a material part of its property taken by any receiver, interim receiver, custodian, trustee, liquidator or similar official, (iii) filed, or had filed against it, any request or petition for liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debts, adjudication as bankrupt, winding-up, or voluntary or involuntary case or proceeding under any federal, state, provincial or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect (other than post-petition accounts payable of an Account Debtor that is a debtor-in-possession under the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable law and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), (iv) admitted in writing its inability, or is generally unable to, pay its debts as they become due, (v) become insolvent, or (vi) ceased operation of its business; 
 
 (k) which is owed by any Account Debtor which has sold all or substantially all of its assets; 

(l) which is owed by an Account Debtor which (i) does not maintain its chief executive 

office in the U.S. (including any territory thereof) or Canada, or the European Union or (ii) is not organized under applicable law of the U.S., any state or territory of the U.S. or the District of Columbia, Canada, or any province or territory of Canada, or the European Union, or any country, province or territory of the European Union unless, in any such case, such Account is backed by a Letter of Credit acceptable to the Administrative Agent which is in the possession of, and is directly drawable by, the Administrative Agent; provided that in the case of Account Debtors that maintain their chief executive office in the European Union or are organized in the European Union, or any country, province or territory of the European Union, the aggregate amount of such Accounts shall not exceed 2,500,000 at any time; 

(m) which is owed in any currency other than U.S. Dollars, Canadian Dollars, Euros or Sterling; 

(n) which is owed by any Governmental Authority of any country other than the U.S. or 

Canada unless (i) such Account is backed by a Letter of Credit acceptable to the Administrative Agent which is in the possession of, and is directly drawable by, the Administrative Agent, or (ii) such Account is owed by any Governmental Authority of the U.S., or any department, agency, public corporation, or instrumentality thereof, unless the Federal Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, as amended (31 U.S.C. 3727 et seq. and 41 U.S.C. 15 et seq.) and any other steps necessary to perfect the Lien of the Administrative Agent in such Account have been complied with to the Administrative Agent's satisfaction, or (iii) such Account is owed by any Governmental Authority of Canada, or any province, territory, department, agency, public corporation, or instrumentality thereof, unless the Financial Administration Act (Canada) or any other legislation of similar purpose and effect restricting the assignment of such Account and any other steps necessary to perfect the Lien of the Administrative Agent in such Account have been complied with to the Administrative Agent's satisfaction; 
 
 (o) which is owed by any Affiliate of any Loan Party or any employee, officer, director, 

agent or stockholder of any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates; 
 
 (p) which is owed by an Account Debtor or any Affiliate of such Account Debtor to which 

any Loan Party or Subsidiary is indebted, but only to the extent of such indebtedness, or is subject to any security, deposit, progress payment, retainage or other similar advance made by or for the benefit of an Account Debtor, in each case to the extent thereof; 
 
 (q) which is subject to any claim, counterclaim, deduction, defense, setoff or dispute but only 

to the extent of any such counterclaim, deduction, defense, setoff or dispute; 
 
 (r) which is evidenced by any promissory note, chattel paper or instrument or judgment; 

(s) which is owed by an Account Debtor (i) located in any jurisdiction which requires filing 

of a Notice of Business Activities Report or other similar report in order to permit such Borrower to seek judicial enforcement in such jurisdiction of payment of such Account, unless such Borrower has filed such report or qualified to do business in such jurisdiction or (ii) that is a Sanctioned Person; 
 
 (t) with respect to which such Borrower has made any agreement with the Account Debtor 

for any reduction thereof, for an extension of time for the payment thereof, any compromise or settlement for less than the full amount thereof, any release from liability therefor, or any deduction therefrom, other than discounts and adjustments given in the ordinary course of business but only to the extent of any such discount or adjustment, or any Account which was partially paid and such Borrower created a new receivable for the unpaid portion of such Account; 
 
 (u) which does not comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable 

laws and regulations, whether Federal (U.S. or Canadian), state, provincial or local, including without limitation the Federal Consumer Credit Protection Act, the Federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z of the Board; 
 
 (v) which is for goods that have been sold under a purchase order or pursuant to the terms of 

a contract or other agreement or understanding (written or oral) that indicates or purports that any Person other than such Borrower has or has had an ownership interest in such goods, or which indicates any party other than such Borrower as payee or remittance party; 
 
 (w) which was created on cash on delivery terms; 

(x) which the Administrative Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion may not be paid 

by reason of the Account Debtor's inability to pay; or 
 
 (y) which does not meet such other eligibility criteria for Accounts as the Administrative 

Agent in its Permitted Discretion may determine from time to time; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not add any additional eligibility criteria (or amend any then-existing eligibility criteria to make the same more restrictive) without giving at least four (4) Business Days' prior notice to the Borrower Representative; provided further that, if after the delivery of such notice the Borrower Representative notifies the Administrative Agent that it desires to discuss the changes described therein, then the Administrative Agent will discuss such changes with the Borrower Representative, provided that nothing in this proviso shall obligate the Administrative Agent to eliminate, reduce, or delay any such changes. 
 
 In determining the amount of an Eligible Trade Account of a Borrower, the face amount of an Account may, in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion, be reduced by, without duplication, to the extent not reflected in such face amount, (i) the amount of all accrued and actual discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments or finance charges (including any amount that such Borrower may be obligated to rebate to an Account Debtor pursuant to the terms of any agreement or understanding (written or oral)) and (ii) the aggregate amount of all cash received in respect of such Account but not yet applied by such Borrower to reduce the amount of such Account. In the event that an Account of a Borrower which was previously an Eligible Trade Account ceases, to the actual knowledge of a Financial Officer of a Borrower, to be an Eligible Trade Account hereunder, such cessation shall be reflected in the next Borrowing Base Certificate. 
 
 Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances and all binding orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or agreements passed, adopted, issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating to protection of the environment, preservation or 

reclamation of natural resources, the management, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters to the extent related to exposure to Hazardous Materials. 
 
 Environmental Liability means any liability (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of any Borrower or Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) any exposure to any Hazardous Materials resulting in physical injury or property damage or a claim of such injury or property damage, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed by or imposed upon any Borrower or Subsidiary with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 
 Equipment has the meaning assigned to such term in the applicable UCC or, if applicable, the 
 PPSA. 
 
 Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing. 
 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder . 
 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with a Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to timely make any required contribution to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Sections 412, 430 or 431 of the Code or Sections 302, 303 or 304 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan or a cessation of operations under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (e) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Plan or receipt by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (g) the receipt by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent, in critical status or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; or (h) the imposition of a Lien under Sections 412, 430(k) or 6321 of the Code or Sections 303 or 4068 of ERISA on any property of a Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 

EURIBO Rate means, with respect to any EURIBOR Borrowing for any Interest Period, the applicable Screen Rate as of the Specified Time on the Quotation Day. 
 
 EURIBOR Loan or EURIBOR Borrowing , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the EURIBO Rate. 
 
 Euro or means the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 
 European Union means the region comprised of member states of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty on the European Union. 
 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. 
 
 Excluded Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreements, as the context requires. 
 
 Excluded Asset has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreements, as the context requires. 
 
 Excluded Subsidiary means each (a) Unrestricted Subsidiary, (b) Immaterial Subsidiary, (c) CFC or CFC Holdco, and (d) any other Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent (confirmed in writing by notice to the Company), the cost or other consequences of becoming a Guarantor shall be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom; provided that (i) any Canadian Subsidiary shall not be an Excluded Subsidiary with respect to the Canadian Secured Obligations and (ii) any Domestic Subsidiary of the Company that is a guarantor under any Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness shall not constitute an Excluded Subsidiary. 
 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case in this clause (a), (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes; (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. Federal and Canadian federal and provincial withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrowers under Section 2.19(b) or Section 9.02(d)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable 

either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office; 
 (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f); (d) any U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA; and (e) any Taxes that are required to be deducted or withheld under the ITA on or in respect of any payment (or deemed payment under the ITA), to or for the benefit of any recipient (A) with which the payor does not deal at arm s length for purposes of the ITA at the time of making the payment or deemed payment or (B) that is a specified shareholder (as such term is defined in subsection 18(5) of the ITA) of the applicable Loan Party at any relevant time or does not deal at arm s length for purposes of the ITA with a specified shareholder (as such term is defined in subsection 18(5) of the ITA) of the applicable Loan Party at any relevant time (other than where the non-arm s length relationship arises, or where the Lender is a specified shareholder , or does not deal at arm s length with a specified shareholder , in connection with or as a result of the Lender having become a party to, performed its obligations under, received or perfected a security interest under or received or enforced any rights under, a Loan Document). 
 
 Existing Borrowers means the Borrowers as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. 
 
 Existing Lenders means the Lenders as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 
 Existing Letters of Credit means the letters of credit, if any, issued under the Existing Credit Agreement with stated expiration dates beyond the Effective Date, and a list of such letters of credit has been provided to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as of the Effective Date. 
 
 Existing Loans means the loans and advances made by the Existing Lenders pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 
 Existing Security Agreement means that certain Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2015 (as amended, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Effective Date), between the Existing Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and the other holders of the Secured Obligations, and any other pledge or security agreement entered into, after the date thereof and prior to the Effective Date. 
 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions (as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the federal funds effective rate, provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of a Borrower. 

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, at any date, the ratio of (a) the sum of (i) EBITDAR minus (ii) Unfinanced Capital Expenditures to (b) Fixed Charges, all calculated for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ended on such date (or, if such date is not the last day of a fiscal quarter, ended on the last day of the fiscal quarter most recently ended prior to such date). 
 
 Fixed Charges means, for any period, without duplication, cash Interest Expense, plus Rentals, plus scheduled principal payments on Indebtedness actually made, plus expenses for taxes paid in cash, plus Restricted Payments paid in cash (other than Restricted Payments permitted to be made under Section 6.08(a)(ii)), plus Capital Lease Obligations paid in cash, all calculated on a consolidated basis for the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Flood Laws has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.10. 
 
 Foreign Currency Sublimit means an amount equal to 25,000,000. 
 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if a Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to such Borrower, that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if a Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to such Borrower, that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 
 Foreign Plan means any employee benefit plan or arrangement (a) maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party or Subsidiary that is not subject to the laws of the United States or Canada; or (b) mandated by a government other than the United States or a Canadian Governmental Authority for employees of any Loan Party or Subsidiary. 
 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary which is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 
 Funding Accounts means the deposit account(s) of the Borrowers to which the Administrative Agent or the Swingline Lender is authorized by the Borrowers (or by the Borrower Representative on their behalf) to transfer the proceeds of any Borrowings requested or authorized pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. 
 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, Canada or any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether provincial, territorial, state, municipal or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national body exercising such powers or functions, such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of 

guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided that the term Guarantee shall not include (i) customary warranties or indemnities made in trade contracts, asset sale agreements, acquisition agreements, commitment letters, engagement letters and brokerage and deposit agreements in the ordinary course of business, and customary warranties and indemnities to lenders in any documents evidencing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 with respect to the guarantor, (ii) any indemnities made in connection with liability of a Person s directors, officers and employees in their capacities as such as permitted by applicable law, and (iii) any contingent liability arising from the endorsement of negotiable or other instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business, and (iv) any continuing liability of the Company or its Subsidiaries as a lessee under a lease after such lease has been assigned or subleased by such Person. 
 Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01. 
 Guarantor means each U.S. Guarantor and Canadian Guarantor. 
 Guarantor Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.11. 
 
 Hazardous Materials means: (a) any substance, material, or waste that is included within the definitions of hazardous substances, hazardous materials, hazardous waste, toxic substances, toxic materials, toxic waste, or words of similar import in any Environmental Law; (b) those substances listed as hazardous substances by the United States Department of Transportation (or any successor agency) (49 C.F.R. 172.101 and amendments thereto) or by the Environmental Protection Agency (or any successor agency) (40 C.F.R. Part 302 and amendments thereto) or by similar applicable Environmental Law in Canada or by a Canadian Governmental Authority; and (c) any substance, material, or waste that is petroleum, petroleum-related, or a petroleum by-product, asbestos or asbestos-containing material, polychlorinated biphenyls, flammable, explosive, radioactive, freon gas, radon, or a pesticide, herbicide, or other substance regulated under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodentide Act FIFRA ), 7 U.S.C. 136 et seq. or similar applicable Environmental Law in Canada. 
 
 Immaterial Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary (other than a Borrower) designated by the Borrower Representative to the Administrative Agent as an Immaterial Subsidiary and that meets each of the following criteria as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b): (a) such Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries accounted for less than (x) 2.5 of Total Assets at such date and (y) 2.5 of the consolidated revenues of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the most recent four fiscal quarter period ending on such date, and (b) all Immaterial Subsidiaries and their respective Subsidiaries accounted for less than (x) 5.0 of Total Assets at such date and (y) 5.0 of the consolidated revenues of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the most recent four fiscal quarter period ending on such date; provided , that no Subsidiary shall be or be designated as an Immaterial Subsidiary if such Subsidiary has provided a Loan Guaranty of, or pledged any Collateral as security for, any Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness. 
 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services, (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed (but only to the extent of the lesser of such Indebtedness and the fair market value of such secured property if such 

Indebtedness has not been assumed by such Person), (g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, (k) obligations under any liquidated earn-out, (l) any other Off-Balance Sheet Liability, (m) obligations, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (i) any and all Swap Agreements, and (ii) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Swap Agreement transaction and (n) obligations, contingent or otherwise, with respect to Disqualified Stock; provided, however, the term Indebtedness shall not include (1) current trade accounts or current accounts payable (which references to current include payment with trade payment terms as offered by the trade creditor (not in any event to exceed 180 days) and include disputed accounts), accrued expenses and liabilities incurred and customer deposits received, in each instance, in the ordinary course of business and not constituting indebtedness for borrowed money or evidenced by notes or other instruments, (2) capital stock (other than Disqualified Stock) and surplus earned, (3) deferred compensation payable to directors, officers or employees of the Company or any Subsidiary, and (4) any earn-out or any customary purchase price adjustment incurred in connection with an Acquisition, except to the extent that the amount payable pursuant to such purchase price adjustment or earn-out is, or becomes, reasonably determinable. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 
 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by, or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and 
 (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the foregoing clause (a) hereof, Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b). 
 Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.12. 
 Intercreditor Agreement means any Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement or any Secured Inventory Intercreditor Agreement. 
 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower Representative to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08, which shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Interest Expense means, for any period, total interest expense (including that attributable to Capital Lease Obligations) for such period with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness (including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed by the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptances and net costs under Swap Agreements in respect of interest rates to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP), calculated on a consolidated basis for the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan , SONIA Rate Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the first Business Day of each calendar month and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any LIBOR Loan, CDOR Loan or EURIBOR Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a 

LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or EURIBOR Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period, (c) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Swingline Loan is required to be repaid and (d) the Maturity Date. 
 
 Interest Period means, with respect to any LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or EURIBOR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months thereafter, as the Borrower Representative may elect; provided that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 
 Interpolated Screen Rate means, with respect to any LIBOR Borrowing denominated in any currency (other than U.S. Dollars) or any EURIBOR Borrowing, in each case for any Interest Period, a rate per annum which results from interpolating on a linear basis between (a) the applicable Screen Rate for the longest maturity for which a Screen Rate is available that is shorter than such Interest Period and 
 (b) the applicable Screen Rate for the shortest maturity for which a Screen Rate is available that is longer than such Interest Period, in each case as of the Specified Time on the Quotation Day; provided , that if any Interpolated rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 In-Transit Inventory means Inventory of a Borrower which is in transit with a common carrier from vendors or suppliers of such Borrower. 
 
 Inventory has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreements, as context requires, and includes inventory as defined in the PPSA, if applicable. 
 
 Inventory Advance Percentage shall mean, (i) during all times other than the period from February 20 through June 20 of each year, 90 , and (ii) during the period from February 20 through June 20 of each year, 92.5 . 
 
 Investment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04. 
 
 Investment Policy means the investment policies of the Company as approved by the Company s board of directors and in effect from time to time. 
 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 Issuing Bank means (a) JPMCB, in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, (b) Wells Fargo, in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, (c) Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder and (d) any other Lender from time to time designated by the Borrower Representative as an Issuing Bank, with the consent of such Lender and upon notice to the Administrative Agent, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall mean JPMCB, Wells Fargo and each such Lender, individually or collectively as the context shall require and their respective successors 

in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i). Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by its Affiliates, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate (it being agreed that such Issuing Bank shall, or shall cause such Affiliate to, comply with the requirements of Section 2.06 with respect to such Letters of Credit). At any time there is more than one Issuing Bank, all singular references to the Issuing Bank shall mean any Issuing Bank, either Issuing Bank, each Issuing Bank, the Issuing Bank that has issued the applicable Letter of Credit, or both (or all) Issuing Banks, as the context may require. 
 
 ITA means the Income Tax Act (Canada), as amended. 
 
 Joinder Agreement means a Joinder Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit F . 
 
 Joint Lead Arrangers means JPMCB and Wells Fargo, in their capacity as joint lead arrangers hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. 
 
 JPMCB means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association, in its individual capacity, and shall include its branches, as applicable, and its successors. 
 
 LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(j). 
 
 LC Designated Currency means (a) Canadian Dollars, (b) Sterling, (c) Euros or (d) any other lawful currency (other than U.S. Dollars) acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank which are, in the case of this clause (d), freely transferable and convertible into U.S. Dollars and freely available to the applicable Issuing Bank. 
 LC Disbursement means any payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of the Commercial LC Exposure and the Standby LC Exposure at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate LC Exposure at such time. 
 
 LC Individual Sublimit means, with respect to any Issuing Bank, an amount equal to (a) with respect to Commercial Letters of Credit and Standby Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Banks designated as such on the Effective Date, the amount set forth on the Commitment Schedule, and (b) with respect to Commercial Letters of Credit and Standby Letters of Credit issued by any other Issuing Bank designated as such by the Borrower Representative following the Effective Date, the amount agreed to by the Issuing Bank and the Borrower Representative with the approval of the Administrative Agent, in each case under this definition, as such amount may be increased for an Issuing Bank as agreed to by such Issuing Bank and the Borrower Representative with notice to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on the Commitment Schedule and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.09 or an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a Lender hereunder pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank. 
 
 Letters of Credit means the letters of credit and guarantees issued pursuant to this Agreement, and the term Letter of Credit means any one of them or each of them singularly, as the context may require; for the avoidance of doubt, the Urban UK L/C shall constitute a Letter of Credit hereunder; further, for the avoidance of doubt, letters of credit issued under a Specified L/C Facility shall not constitute Letters of Credit. 

LIBO Rate means, with respect to any LIBOR Borrowing denominated in any currency for any Interest Period, the applicable Screen Rate as of the Specified Time on the Quotation Day. 
 
 LIBOR Loan or LIBOR Borrowing , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate. 
 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 
 Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, any promissory notes issued pursuant to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit applications, the Collateral Documents, the Loan Guaranty, each Compliance Certificate, each fee letter and all other agreements, instruments, documents and certificates identified in Section 4.01 and each certificate delivered from time to time in connection with the foregoing and all other documents identified therein as a Loan Document, in each case executed and delivered to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any Lender and including all other pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments and letter of credit agreements, letter of credit applications and any agreements between the Borrower Representative and the Issuing Bank regarding the Issuing Bank s LC Individual Sublimit or the respective rights and obligations between such Borrower and the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of any Letter of Credit, in each case whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (excluding any agreement entered into or in connection with any transaction arising out of any Specified L/C Facility, any other Banking Services or any Swap Obligations). Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. 
 
 Loan Guarantor means each U.S. Loan Party in the case of Article X and the related obligations and rights thereunder and each Loan Party in the case of Article XI and the related obligations and rights thereunder. 
 
 Loan Guaranty means, collectively, Article X and Article XI of this Agreement and any separate Guarantee, if applicable, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion, delivered by each Loan Guarantor that is not a U.S. Person (which Guarantee shall be governed by the laws of the country in which such Foreign Subsidiary is located), as it may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time. 
 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the U.S. Loan Parties and the Canadian Loan Parties. 
 
 Loans means the loans and advances made by the Lenders or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement, including Swingline Loans, Overadvances and Protective Advances. 
 
 Local Time means (a) with respect to a Loan or Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars (other than a CDOR Loan or CDOR Borrowing to a U.S. Borrower) or any Letter of Credit, New York City time and (b) with respect to a Loan or Borrowing denominated in Canadian 

Dollars (that is a CDOR Loan or CDOR Borrowing to a U.S. Borrower), Sterling, Euros or an Alternative Currency, London time. 
 
 Macy s Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Eligible Trade Accounts . 
 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or financial condition of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform any of their obligations under the Loan Documents, (c) the Collateral, or the Administrative Agent s Liens (on behalf of itself and other Secured Parties) on the Collateral or the priority of such Liens, or (d) the rights or remedies available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents. 
 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 50,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Company or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 
 Maturity Date means June 29, 2023, or any earlier date on which the Commitments are reduced to zero or otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 
 Maximum Credit Amount means the lesser of (a) the Aggregate Commitments and (b) the Aggregate Borrowing Base. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 
 Net Income means, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded (a) extraordinary gains and extraordinary losses, (b) the income (or deficit) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (c) the income (or deficit) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary) in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has an ownership interest, except to the extent that any such income is actually received by the Company or such Subsidiary in the form of dividends or similar distributions, (d) the undistributed earnings of any Subsidiary to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary is not at the time permitted by the terms of any contractual obligation (other than under any Loan Document) or Requirement of Law applicable to such Subsidiary and (e) any cancellation of Indebtedness income. 
 
 Net Orderly Liquidation Value means, with respect to Inventory of any Person, the orderly liquidation value thereof as determined in a manner acceptable to the Administrative Agent by an appraiser reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, net of all costs of liquidation thereof. 
 
 Net Proceeds means, with respect to any casualty, condemnation, sale, transfer, disposition or similar event in respect of Collateral, (a) the cash proceeds received in respect of such event including (i) 

any cash received in respect of any non-cash proceeds (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but excluding any interest payments), but only as and when received, (ii) in the case of a casualty, insurance proceeds and (iii) in the case of a condemnation or similar event, condemnation awards and similar payments, minus (b) the sum of (i) all reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses paid to third parties (other than Affiliates) in connection with such event, (ii) in the case of a sale, transfer or other disposition of an asset (including pursuant to a sale and leaseback transaction or a casualty or a condemnation or similar proceeding), the amount of all payments required to be made as a result of such event to repay Indebtedness (other than Loans) that is secured by a Lien on such asset that is not Collateral or is senior to the Liens securing the Secured Obligations or, other than with respect to assets that are Collateral in which the Administrative Agent has a first priority Lien, otherwise subject to mandatory prepayment as a result of such event and (iii) the amount of all taxes paid (or reasonably estimated to be payable) and the amount of any reserves established to fund contingent liabilities reasonably estimated to be payable, in each case during the year that such event occurred or the next succeeding year and that are directly attributable to such event (as determined reasonably and in good faith by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative). 
 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(d). 
 
 Nordstrom Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Eligible Trade Accounts . 
 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day(or for any day that is not a Banking Day, for the immediately preceding Banking Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received to the Administrative Agent from a Federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Obligated Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.02. 
 
 Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements (including pursuant to Section 2.06(a)), indemnities and other obligations and indebtedness (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), obligations and liabilities of any of the Loan Parties to any of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank or any indemnified party, individually or collectively, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, arising or incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or in respect of any of the Loans made or reimbursement or other obligations incurred or any of the Letters of Credit or other instruments at any time evidencing any thereof. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Liability of a Person means (a) any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or notes receivable sold by such Person, (b) any indebtedness, liability or obligation under any so-called synthetic lease transaction entered into by such Person, or (c) any indebtedness, liability or obligation arising with respect to any transaction which is the functional 

equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheet of such Person (other than operating leases). 
 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than a connection arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or any Loan Document). 
 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19). 
 
 Overadvance has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(b). 
 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurodollar borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions (as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate (from and after such date as the NYFRB shall commence to publish such composite rate). 
 
 Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Communities that adopts or has adopted (and has not ceased to adopt) the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
 
 Payment Conditions means, at any applicable time of determination with respect to a specified transaction, event, or payment, that (a) no Default or Event Default then exists or would immediately arise as a result of the entering into of such transaction, the occurrence of such event, or the making of such payment, and (b) (i) immediately prior to such transaction, the occurrence of such event, or such payment and (ii) on a Pro Forma Basis and, with respect to the calculation of Aggregate Availability, at all times during the Pro Forma Period (Payment Conditions), after giving effect to such transaction, the occurrence of such event, or payment and any incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness in connection therewith, either clause (A) or (B) below is satisfied: 
 
 (A) Aggregate Availability is greater than the Applicable Trigger Amount 

(Level V); provided that, with respect to any Permitted Acquisition, Aggregate Availability is greater than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level IV), or 
 
 (B) (I) Aggregate Availability is greater than the Applicable Trigger Amount 

(Level III) provided that, with respect to any Permitted Acquisition, Aggregate Availability is greater than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level II)), and (II) the Fixed 

Charge Coverage Ratio for the most recently ended four fiscal quarter period for which financial statements have been (or were required to be) delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) is at least 1.1 to 1.0; 
 
 provided that, in each case, the Borrower Representative shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an updated Borrowing Base Certificate, a reasonably detailed calculation of such Aggregate Availability and projections for the Pro Forma Period (Payment Conditions) with respect thereto, and, if applicable, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. 
 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 
 Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in a transaction that satisfies each of the following requirements: 
 
 (a) such Acquisition is not a hostile or contested acquisition; 

(b) the business acquired in connection with such Acquisition is not engaged, directly or 

indirectly, in any line of business other than the businesses in which the Loan Parties are engaged on the Effective Date and any business activities that are reasonably similar, related, complementary or incidental thereto so long as the core business of the Loan Parties on the Effective Date, after giving effect to such Acquisition, does not change in any material way; 
 
 (c) both before and after giving effect to such Acquisition and the Loans (if any) requested to 

be made in connection therewith, each of the representations and warranties in the Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects (except (i) that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, and any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects and (ii) to the extent the Administrative Agent has been notified in writing by the Loan Parties that any representation or warranty is not correct and the Administrative Agent has explicitly waived in writing compliance with such representation or warranty) and no Default exists, will exist, or would result therefrom; 
 
 (d) other than with respect to Immaterial Acquisitions (as defined in clause (m) below) as 

soon as available, but not less than 15 days prior to such Acquisition (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree), the Borrower Representative has provided the Administrative Agent (i) notice of such Acquisition and (ii) a copy of all business and financial information reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent; 
 
 (e) if the Accounts, Credit Card Accounts or Inventory acquired in connection with such 

Acquisition are proposed to be included in the determination of any Borrowing Base, the Administrative Agent shall have conducted an audit and field examination or appraisal of such Accounts, Credit Card Accounts and Inventory, the results of which shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 
 
 (f) if such Acquisition is an acquisition of the Equity Interests of a Person organized under 

the laws of a jurisdiction in the U.S., such Acquisition is structured so that the acquired Person shall become a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary of a Borrower and a Loan Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, except to the extent such acquired Person shall be properly designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 5.15 or except to the extent otherwise acceptable to the Administrative Agent; 

(g) if such Acquisition is an acquisition of Equity Interests, such Acquisition will not result 

in any violation of Regulation U; 
 
 (h) if such Acquisition involves a merger, amalgamation or a consolidation involving a 

Borrower or any other Loan Party, such Borrower or such Loan Party, as applicable, shall be the surviving entity; 
 
 (i) neither any Loan Party nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall, as a result of or in connection 

with any such Acquisition, assume or incur any direct or contingent liabilities (whether relating to environmental, tax, litigation, pension or other matters) that could be reasonably expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect other than those otherwise permitted to exist hereunder; 
 
 (j) in connection with an Acquisition of the Equity Interests of any Person organized under 

the laws of a jurisdiction of the U.S. or Canada (or a province or territory thereof) or an Acquisition of the assets of any Person, all Liens on such assets shall be terminated, except to the extent otherwise permitted to exist pursuant to this Agreement; 
 
 (k) all actions required to be taken with respect to any newly acquired or formed 

wholly-owned Subsidiary of a Borrower or a Loan Party, as applicable, required under Section 5.14 shall have been taken; 
 
 (l) the Borrower Representative shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent the final 

executed material documentation relating to such Acquisition within 15 days following the consummation thereof; and 
 
 (m) either (i) the Loan Parties shall have satisfied the Payment Conditions before and 

immediately after giving effect to such Acquisition, or (ii) the total consideration paid or payable (including, without limitation, any earn-outs (calculated, for purposes of this definition only, at the time of incurrence as the aggregate amount reasonably expected to be paid by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in connection with such earn-out, as determined by such Loan Party in its reasonable business judgment)) with respect to, and all Indebtedness and other direct or contingent liabilities (whether relating to environmental, tax, litigation, pension or other matters) assumed in connection with, such Acquisition and series of related transactions shall not exceed with respect to any such Acquisition and series of related transactions, 10,000,000 and 20,000,000 with respect to all such Acquisitions and series of related transactions in the aggregate (Acquisitions described in this clause (m)(ii), Immaterial Acquisitions ), and at least five (5) Business Days prior to the closing of any such Immaterial Acquisition, the Borrower Representative shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a description of any Indebtedness and other direct or contingent liabilities to be assumed in connection with such Immaterial Acquisition. 
 
 Permitted Discretion means a determination made in good faith and in the exercise of reasonable (from the perspective of a secured asset-based lender) business judgment. 
 
 Permitted Encumbrances means: 
 
 (a) (i) Liens imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in 

compliance with Section 5.04 and (ii) Liens securing an aggregate amount not to exceed 5,000,000 imposed by law for Taxes due and which are not being contested in compliance with Section 5.04; provided that, if the Administrative Agent delivers written notice of any such Lien to a Loan Party, the Loan Parties shall cause such underlying Tax obligations to be paid in full within 90 days of the delivery of such notice (or such shorter time specified by the Administrative Agent (in its reasonable discretion) in 

respect of any Canadian Loan Party) and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Lien to be released; 
 
 (b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens 

imposed by law (other than any Lien for Taxes or imposed under ERISA), arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04; 
 
 (c) pledges and deposits made (i) in the ordinary course of business in compliance with 

workers compensation, workplace safety, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations (other than any Lien for Taxes or imposed under ERISA or applicable law relating to Canadian Pension Plans), and (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments issued for the account of the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business supporting obligations of the type set forth in clause (i) above; 
 
 (d) deposits and pledges to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory 

obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case under this clause (d) in the ordinary course of business; 
 
 (e) judgment Liens (other than for the payment of Taxes) in respect of judgments that do not 

constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Article VII and that remain at all times junior to Administrative Agent s Liens; 
 
 (f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way, site plan agreements, development 

agreements, cross-easement or reciprocal agreements, and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of any Borrower or any Subsidiary or the ordinary operation of such real property or (ii) title defects or irregularities with respect to Real Estate which are of a minor nature and which in the aggregate do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of any Borrower or any Subsidiary or the ordinary operation of such real property; 
 
 (g) Liens arising from precautionary UCC or PPSA financing statement filings (or similar 

filings under applicable law) regarding true operating leases in the ordinary course of business or, to the extent permitted under the Loan Documents, the consignment of goods to a Loan Party; 
 
 (h) non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses of intellectual property granted to other Persons in 

the ordinary course of business which could not materially interfere with the business of any Loan Party, secure any Indebtedness for borrowed money (provided that the foregoing reference to Indebtedness for borrowed money shall not be applicable to the extent otherwise permitted hereunder in respect of non-U.S. Restricted Subsidiaries) or interfere in any respect with the Administrative Agent s rights under any intellectual property rights use agreement; 
 
 (i) any interest or title of a lessor or sublessor under any lease or sublease of Real Estate 

entered into in the ordinary course of business, so long as such interest or title relate solely to the Real Estate subject thereto and without hindering or obstructing the effect of any lien waiver or access rights; 
 
 (j) Liens arising in the ordinary course of business in favor of customs brokers, custom and 

forwarding agents and similar Persons in respect of imported goods and merchandise in the custody of such Persons; 

(k) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure 

payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business; 
 
 (l) Liens or rights of setoff (other than as waived under any contractual agreement or Control 

Agreement with the Administrative Agent) against credit balances of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary with credit card issuers or credit card processors to secure obligations of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, to any such credit card issuer or credit card processor incurred in the ordinary course of business as a result of fees and chargebacks; 
 
 (m) Bankers liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens in the ordinary course of business 

in favor of a bank or institution with which accounts or deposits are maintained, liens in favor of collecting banks arising under the UCC or the PPSA (or similar statutes or equivalents thereof under foreign jurisdictions) in the ordinary course of business, and other Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (other than as waived under any contractual agreement or Control Agreement with the Administrative Agent); 
 
 (n) possessory Liens in favor of brokers and dealers arising in connection with the 

acquisition or disposition of Investments owned as of the Effective Date and Cash Equivalents (other than as waived under any contractual agreement or Control Agreement with the Administrative Agent), provided that such liens (i) attach only to such Investments and (ii) secure only obligations incurred in the ordinary course and arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of such Investments and not any obligation in connection with margin financing; 
 
 (o) statutory or contractual Liens of landlords and lessors in respect of rent not past due more 

than 60 days unless being contested in good faith pursuant to the provisions of Section 5.04 hereof, and customary restrictions on subletting and assignments thereof; and 
 
 (p) deposits in connection with sweepstakes offerings conducted in the ordinary course of 

business and consistent with past practice; provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. 
 Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness means Indebtedness in the form of term loans; provided that (a) immediately before and after the issuance or incurrence thereof, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (b) if guaranteed, such Indebtedness shall not be guaranteed by any Person other than the Loan Parties; (c) if such Indebtedness is secured, the Administrative Agent and a representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have entered into a Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement; (d) the Collateral hereunder and the collateral securing such Indebtedness shall be substantially identical, with the priorities therefor set forth in the Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement; (e) such Indebtedness does not have a scheduled maturity date prior to the date that is six (6) months after the final Maturity Date and does not contain scheduled payments (other than customary excess cash flow payments) in any year in excess of 5 of the original principal amount of such Indebtedness; (f) the Secured Leverage Ratio before and, on a Pro Forma Basis, after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness does not exceed 1.50 to 1.00; (g) the Borrowers will be in compliance, on a Pro Forma Basis, with the covenant contained in Section 6.12 after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness (whether or not such financial covenant is required to be tested in accordance with the terms of Section 6.12); (h) the Payment Conditions are satisfied before and after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness; and (i) the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer, including reasonably detailed calculations, demonstrating compliance with the conditions above. 

Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement means any intercreditor agreement, by and among the Administrative Agent and the collateral agents or other representatives for the holders of Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness, and acknowledged by the Loan Parties, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, unlimited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 
 Platform means Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system. 
 
 PPSA means the Personal Property Security Act (Ontario) and the regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect; or such other applicable legislation in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction in Canada (including the Civil Code of Quebec) for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority. 
 
 Prepayment Event means: 
 
 (a) any sale, transfer or other disposition (including pursuant to a sale and leaseback 

transaction) of any Collateral by any Loan Party, other than dispositions described in Section 6.05(a) or (c); or 
 
 (b) any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or 

by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any Collateral with a fair value immediately prior to such event equal to or greater than 5,000,000 
 
 , unless the proceeds therefrom are required by the terms of any Intercreditor Agreement to be paid to the holder of a Lien on such property or asset having priority over the Lien of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Prime Rate means (a) except as provided in clause (b), the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by JPMCB as its prime rate in effect at its principal offices in New York City, and (b) for the purpose of U.S. Dollar denominated Loans to a Canadian Borrower, the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch, as its U.S. base rate for U.S. Dollar denominated commercial loans. Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 
 
 Priority Payable Reserve means reserves for amounts payable by a Canadian Loan Party and secured by any Liens, choate or inchoate, which rank or which could reasonably be expected to rank in priority to or pari passu with the Administrative Agent s Liens and/or for amounts which represent costs in connection with the preservation, protection, collection or realization of Collateral, including, without limitation, any such amounts due and not paid for wages, vacation pay, severance pay, amounts payable under the Wage Earner Protection Program Act (Canada), amounts due and not paid under any legislation relating to workers compensation or to employment insurance, all amounts deducted or withheld and not paid and remitted when due under the ITA, sales tax, goods and services tax, value added tax, harmonized tax, excise tax, tax payable pursuant to Part IX of the Excise Tax Act (Canada) or similar applicable provincial legislation, government royalties, amounts currently or past due and not paid for realty, 

municipal or similar taxes and all amounts currently or past due and not contributed, remitted or paid to any hereafter adopted Canadian Pension Plan or under the Canada Pension Plan maintained by the Government of Canada and the Quebec Pension Plan maintained by the Province of Quebec, or otherwise as required to be contributed pursuant to any applicable law relating to any hereafter adopted Canadian Pension Plans, including the amount of any solvency deficiency or wind up deficiency with respect to any hereafter adopted Canadian Defined Benefit Plan that has been identified in its most recent actuarial valuation report, which could become subject to a trust, deemed trust or statutory lien, or any similar statutory or other claims that would have or would reasonably be expected to have priority over or be pari passu with any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent now or in the future. 
 
 Pro Forma Basis means, with respect to any computation hereunder expressly required to be made on a pro forma basis, computation thereof after giving pro forma effect to adjustments in connection with such Pro Forma Events in accordance with Section 1.05, in each case, using, for purposes of making such computation, the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries (and, to the extent applicable, the historical financial statements of any entities or assets so acquired or to be acquired, or so disposed or to be disposed), which shall be reformulated as if such Pro Forma Event (and, in the case of any pro forma computations made hereunder to determine whether such Pro Forma Event is permitted to be consummated hereunder, to any other Pro Forma Event consummated since the first day of the period covered by any component of such pro forma computation and on or prior to the date of such computation), and any Indebtedness or other liabilities incurred in connection with any such Pro Forma Event, had been consummated and incurred at the beginning of such period. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Swap Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness if such Swap Agreement has a remaining term in excess of 12 months). 
 
 Pro Forma Event means any event that requires satisfaction of the Payment Conditions for such event to be permitted under this Agreement. 
 
 Pro Forma Period (Payment Conditions) means the 90-day period immediately prior to the date of the applicable transaction, event, or payment made or occurring in reliance on the satisfaction of the Payment Conditions. 
 
 Proceeds of Crime Act means the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), as amended from time to time, and including all regulations thereunder. 
 
 Projections has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01(f). 
 Protective Advance has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.04. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Public-Sider means a Lender whose representatives may trade in securities of the Company or its controlling Person or any of its Subsidiaries while in possession of the financial statements provided by the Company under the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 Qualified Counterparties means the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Affiliate of a Lender (provided that any issuer under a Specified L/C Facility who was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender shall continue to be a Qualified Counterparty for a period of 90 days following the termination 

of their capacity under this Agreement as a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender solely in respect of Specified L/C Obligations outstanding on the date such capacity hereunder ceased). 
 
 Qualified ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that has total assets exceeding 10,000,000 at the time the relevant Loan Guaranty or grant of the relevant security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other person as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
 Quotation Day means (a) with respect to any currency (other than Sterling or Canadian Dollars) for any Interest Period, the day two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period and (b) with respect to Sterling or Canadian Dollars for any Interest Period, the first day of such Interest Period, in each case unless market practice differs for loans such as the applicable Loans priced by reference to rates quoted in the Relevant Interbank Market, in which case the Quotation Day for such currency shall be determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with market practice for such loans priced by reference to rates quoted in the Relevant Interbank Market (and if quotations would normally be given by leading banks for such loans priced by reference to rates quoted in the Relevant Interbank Market on more than one day, the Quotation Day shall be the last of those days). 
 
 Real Estate shall mean all real property owned or leased by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 
 Recipient means, as applicable, (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, or any combination thereof (as the context requires). 
 
 Refinance Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(f). 
 Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, partners, members, trustees, employees, agents, administrators, managers, representatives and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 
 Release means any releasing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, migrating, disposing or dumping of any Hazardous Material into the environment. 
 
 Relevant Interbank Market means (a) with respect to any currency (other than Euros or Canadian Dollars), the London interbank market, (b) with respect to Euros, the European interbank market and (c) with respect to Canadian Dollars, the Canadian interbank market. 
 
 Rent Liability means, as of any date, the result of eight (8) multiplied by the aggregate Rentals for the most recently ended 12 consecutive month period, calculated on a consolidated basis for the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Rentals means, for any period, the aggregate fixed amounts payable under any operating leases, calculated on a consolidated basis for the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period in accordance with GAAP. 

Report means reports prepared by the Administrative Agent or another Person showing the results of appraisals, field examinations or audits pertaining to the assets of the Loan Parties from information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrowers, after the Administrative Agent has exercised its rights of inspection pursuant to this Agreement, which Reports may be distributed to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) having Revolving Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the Aggregate Credit Exposure and unused Commitments at such time. 
 
 Requirement of Law means, with respect to any Person, (a) the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person and (b) any statute, law (including common law), treaty, rule, regulation, code, ordinance, order, decree, writ, judgment, injunction or determination of any arbitrator or court or other Governmental Authority (including Environmental Laws), in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 
 Reserves means (a) without duplication of any other Reserves or items that are otherwise addressed through eligibility criteria, any reserves which the Administrative Agent deems necessary, in its Permitted Discretion, to maintain (including, without limitation, (i) to reflect impediments to the Administrative Agent s ability to realize upon the Collateral, (ii) to reflect claims and liabilities that the Administrative Agent determines will need to be satisfied in connection with the realization upon the Collateral or (iii) to reflect criteria, events, conditions, contingencies or risks which adversely affect any component of any Borrowing Base, or the assets, business, financial performance or financial condition of any Loan Party, including, for example, reserves for accrued and unpaid interest on the Obligations, gift card reserves, reserves for rent at locations leased by any Borrower, reserves for loyalty programs, reserves for consignee s, warehousemen s, mortgagee s and bailee s charges, reserves for dilution of Accounts or Credit Card Accounts, reserves for Inventory shrinkage, reserves for layaway deposits, reserves for customs charges and shipping charges and other foreign landing costs related to any Inventory in transit, reserves for expenses associated with merchandise repurpose processing, reserves for contingent liabilities of any Loan Party, reserves for uninsured losses of any Loan Party, reserves for uninsured, underinsured, un-indemnified or under-indemnified liabilities or potential liabilities with respect to any litigation and reserves for taxes, fees, assessments, and other governmental charges) with respect to the Collateral or any Loan Party, (b) Banking Services/Swap Reserves, and (c) the Priority Payable Reserve; provided that, the Priority Payable Reserve shall only apply (if at all) to the Canadian Borrowing Base. The Administrative Agent may, in its Permitted Discretion and with no less than four 
 (4) Business Days prior written notice to the Borrower Representative (other than during a Dominion Period in which case notice shall not be required), adjust Reserves, provided that, if after the delivery of such notice the Borrower Representative notifies the Administrative Agent that it desires to discuss the Reserves described therein, then the Administrative Agent will discuss such Reserves with the Borrower Representative, provided that nothing in this proviso shall obligate the Administrative Agent to eliminate, reduce, or delay any such Reserves. 
 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, any vice president, any Financial Officer, or any corporate secretary. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party in their capacity as an officer of such Loan Party and not in any individual capacity. 

Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests in the Company or Restricted Subsidiary or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests in the Company or Restricted Subsidiary. 
 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 
 Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, Sterling, Euros or any Alternative Currency, each of the following: (i) each date of a Borrowing, (ii) each date of a continuation of such Loan pursuant to Section 2.08, (iii) the date any Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered, and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require, and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit denominated in any LC Designated Currency, each of the following: (i) each date of issuance of such Letter of Credit, (ii) each date of an amendment of such Letter of Credit having the effect of increasing the amount thereof (solely with respect to the increased amount), (iii) each date of any payment by the applicable Issuing Bank under such Letter of Credit, (iv) the date any Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered and (v) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. 
 
 Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans, its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure at such time, plus (b) an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Overadvances and Protective Advances outstanding at such time. 
 
 Revolving Exposure Limitations means the U.S. Revolving Exposure Limitations and/or the Canadian Revolving Exposure Limitations, as the context requires. 
 
 Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01. 
 
 S P means Standard Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC business. 
 Sale and Leaseback Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.06. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself, or whose 
 government is, the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Cuba (except as regards a Canadian Loan Party), Iran, North Korea, Syria or the Crimea region of Ukraine). 
 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any European Union member state, Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person that constitutes a Canadian Blocked Person, (c) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (d) any Person owned or controlled by any such person or Person described in the foregoing clauses (a), (b) or (c). 
 
 Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of 

Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any European Union member state or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority or (c) the Government of Canada, including pursuant to Canadian Economic Sanctions and Export Control Laws. 
 
 Screen Rate means (a) in respect of the LIBO Rate for any Interest Period, a rate per annum equal to the London interbank offered rate as administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for deposits in the applicable currency (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen page that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a page of the Reuters screen, on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and (b) in respect of the EURIBO Rate for any Interest Period, the percentage per annum determined by the Banking Federation of the European Union for such Interest Period as set forth on the Reuters screen page that displays such rate (currently EURIBOR01) (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a page of the Reuters screen, on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). If any Screen Rate, determined as provided above, would be less than zero, the Screen Rate shall for all purposes of this Agreement be zero. If, as to any currency, no Screen Rate shall be available for a particular Interest Period but Screen Rates shall be available for maturities both longer and shorter than such Interest Period, then the Screen Rate for such Interest Period shall be the Interpolated Screen Rate. 
 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the U.S. 
 
 Secured Inventory Intercreditor Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Secured Inventory Liens. 
 
 Secured Inventory Liens means Liens in favor of consignors of inventory and proceeds (other than Accounts or Credit Card Accounts) thereof consigned by such consignors to a Borrower or a Subsidiary of a Borrower, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business and with prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent may, to the extent such Secured Inventory Liens encumber Collateral with a value in excess of 2,500,000 individually or in the aggregate, at the Administrative Agent s sole discretion, be conditioned upon the execution of an intercreditor agreement between the consignor and the Administrative Agent (such an intercreditor agreement, a Secured Inventory Intercreditor Agreement ). 
 
 Secured Leverage Ratio means, at any date, the ratio of (a) Total Funded Indebtedness on such date that is secured by a Lien on the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to (b) EBITDA for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ended on such date (or, if such date is not the last day of a fiscal quarter, ended on the last day of the fiscal quarter most recently ended prior to such date). 
 
 Secured Obligations means all Obligations, together with all (a) Banking Services Obligations of the Borrowers or any Subsidiary of a Borrower; and (b) Swap Agreement Obligations of a Borrower or any Subsidiary of a Borrower; provided that Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Loan Party shall not be Secured Obligations of such Loan Party; provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, Specified L/C Obligations constituting Banking Services Obligations shall not constitute Secured Obligations following such time as the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under any Loan Document (other than contingent or indemnity obligations for which no claim has been made) shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall 

have expired or have been Cash Collateralized pursuant to the terms hereof or terminated, in each case without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed. 
 
 Secured Parties means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) the Lenders, (c) each Issuing Bank, (d) Qualified Counterparties to whom any Banking Services Obligations are owing, (e) Qualified Counterparties to whom Swap Agreement Obligations constituting Secured Obligations hereunder are owing, (f) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document, and (g) the successors and assigns of each of the foregoing. 
 
 Security Agreements collectively, (a) the U.S. Security Agreement, (b) the Canadian Security Agreements, and (c) as the context requires, any other pledge or security agreement entered into, after the Effective Date by any other Loan Party (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document), or any other Person, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Settlement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(d). 
 Settlement Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(d). 
 SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 
 SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 
 
 SONIA Rate Loan or SONIA Borrowing means, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, that such Loan or Borrowing bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA. 
 
 Specified L/C Facility means (a) that certain Master Commercial Letter of Credit Agreement dated as of June 29, 2015 issued by the Company in favor of Bank of America, N.A. (as amended restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time as permitted hereunder) and (b) that certain Commercial Letter of Credit Agreement dated as of July 1, 2015 among the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (as amended restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time as permitted hereunder), in each case, so long as the issuing bank thereunder is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender hereunder (and, if such issuer ceases to be a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender hereunder, for a period of 90 days following the termination of its capacity under this Agreement as a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender). 
 
 Specified L/C Obligations means all obligations and liabilities of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary under any Specified L/C Facility with respect to commercial letters of credit issued thereunder. 
 
 Specified Time means (a) with respect to the LIBO Rate, 11:00 a.m., London time, (b) with respect to the EURIBO Rate, 11:00 a.m., Brussels time and (c) with respect to the CDOR Rate, 11:00 a.m., Toronto time. 

Spot Rate means, on any date, as determined by the Administrative Agent, the spot selling rate in the London foreign exchange market for the sale of the applicable currency for U.S. Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time (or New York time, as applicable), on such date (the Applicable Quotation Date as displayed by ICE Data Services as the ask price , or as displayed on such other information service which publishes that rate of exchange from time to time in place of ICE Data Services (or if such service ceases to be available, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its reasonable discretion); provided , that if, for any reason, no such spot rate is being quoted, the spot selling rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its reasonable discretion. 
 
 Standby LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Dollar Amount of all standby Letters of Credit outstanding at such time plus (b) the aggregate Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements relating to standby Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrowers at such time. The Standby LC Exposure of an Issuing Bank (in its capacity as such) shall be the Standby Exposure in respect of standby Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. The Standby LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate Standby LC Exposure at such time. 
 
 Statements has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(g). 
 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency Liabilities in Regulation D of the Board). Such reserve percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to such Regulation D of the Board. LIBOR Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under such Regulation D of the Board or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
 
 Sterling or means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 
 Subordinated Indebtedness of a Person means any Indebtedness of such Person the payment of which is subordinated to payment of the Secured Obligations to the written satisfaction of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 
 
 Subsidiary means any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company or a Loan Party, as applicable. 

Subsidiary Borrowers means, collectively, the U.S. Subsidiary Borrowers and the Canadian Subsidiary Borrowers, and Subsidiary Borrower means any of them. 
 
 Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, spot, future, credit default or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrowers or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. 
 
 Swap Agreement Obligations means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any and all Swap Agreements permitted hereunder with a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, and (b) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any such Swap Agreement transaction. 
 
 Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 
 Swingline Lender means JPMCB, in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. Any consent required of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to be required of the Swingline Lender and any consent given by JPMCB in its capacity as Administrative Agent or Issuing Bank shall be deemed given by JPMCB in its capacity as Swingline Lender. 
 
 Swingline Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(a). 
 
 Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Total Assets means, at any date of determination, the consolidated total assets of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Company for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) as adjusted to give effect to any Pro Forma Event occurring since such date. 
 
 Total Funded Indebtedness means, as of any date, with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis, without duplication (a) all obligations of such Persons for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Persons evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Persons upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) the aggregate amount of Capital Lease Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Liability of such Persons outstanding as of such date, (e) the aggregate obligations of such Persons as an account party in respect of letters of credit or letters of guaranty, other than contingent obligations in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty to the extent such letter of credit or letter of guaranty does not support Indebtedness, (f) 

all obligations of such Persons with respect to Disqualified Stock and (g) without duplication, all Guarantees of any of the foregoing. For purposes of this definition, interest paid-in-kind or capitalized (including accreted amounts thereon) shall be deemed Total Funded Indebtedness. 
 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 
 Treaty on the European Union means the Treaty of Rome of March 25, 1957, as amended by the Single European Act 1986 and the Maastricht Treaty (signed February 7, 1992), as amended from time to time. 
 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate, the LIBO Rate, the CDOR Rate, the EURIBO Rate, the Alternate Base Rate or , the Canadian Prime Rate or Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA . 
 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or in any other state the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the issue of perfection of security interests. 
 
 Unfinanced Capital Expenditures means, for any period, Capital Expenditures made during such period (excluding replacement Capital Expenditures made (x) with the proceeds of insurance or (y) in anticipation of the receipt of insurance proceeds based on the good faith reasonable belief of the Company as confirmed in writing to the Administrative Agent in advance of inclusion or exclusion of capital expenditures in any calculation provided for herein (an Insurance Anticipation Capital Expenditure ), to the extent that the anticipated insurance proceeds are actually received within 270 days after the date of such Insurance Anticipation Capital Expenditure, and otherwise the amount of such Insurance Anticipation Capital Expenditure (if no insurance proceeds are timely received) or the excess of such Insurance Anticipation Capital Expenditure (if insurance proceeds are timely received but in an amount less than such Insurance Anticipation Capital Expenditure) over the related insurance proceeds received shall be deemed to be part of the unfinanced portion of Capital Expenditures in the fiscal quarter in which such 270-day period expires) which are not financed from the proceeds of any Indebtedness (other than the Revolving Loans; it being understood and agreed that, to the extent any Capital Expenditures are financed with Revolving Loans, such Capital Expenditures shall be deemed Unfinanced Capital Expenditures). 
 
 Unliquidated Obligations means, at any time, any Secured Obligations (or portion thereof) that are contingent in nature or unliquidated at such time, including any Secured Obligation that is: (i) an obligation to reimburse a bank for drawings not yet made under a letter of credit issued by it; (ii) any other obligation (including any guarantee) that is contingent in nature at such time; or (iii) an obligation to provide collateral to secure any of the foregoing types of obligations. 
 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company that is identified as an Unrestricted Subsidiary on Schedule 3.15 as of the Effective Date and any other Subsidiary designated by the Company as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 5.15 subsequent to the Effective Date; provided that no Subsidiary may be, or may be designated as, an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless (a) it is a CFC or CFC Holdco or (b) it does not have any material liabilities, does not own any assets with a book value of more than 5,000,000 in the aggregate (and the aggregate book value of the assets of all Unrestricted Subsidiaries shall not exceed 10,000,000), it is not obligated or liable, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, in respect of any Indebtedness in any material amount, and none of its assets 

are included in the calculation of any Borrowing Base immediately prior to such Subsidiary s being designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 
 Urban UK L/C means that certain HM Revenues and Customs Deferment Guarantee commencing on January 5, 1998, with the approval number of 8823295, issued by Wells Fargo or any Affiliate thereof or successor thereto, as Guarantor, in favor of Urban Outfitters UK Ltd., as Applicant, in the amount of, as of Effective Date, 2,000,000, as such amount may be reduced or increased from time to time after the Effective Date. 
 
 URBN Canada means URBN Canada Retail, Inc., a corporation incorporated pursuant to the laws of British Columbia. 
 
 U.S. means the United States of America. 
 
 U.S. Availability means, at any time, an amount equal to the lowest of (a) the result of (i) the 
 U.S. Borrowing Base minus (ii) the sum of (x) the Aggregate U.S. Credit Exposure, and (y) the positive amount, if any, by which (1) the Aggregate Canadian Credit Exposure exceeds (2) the Canadian Borrowing Base; and (b) the result of (i) the Aggregate Commitment minus (ii) the Aggregate Credit Exposure (calculated, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Borrowings), all as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 
 U.S. Borrowing Base means, at any time, the sum of: 

(a) the product of (i) 85 multiplied by (ii) the Eligible Trade Accounts of the Borrowers at such time, plus 

(b) the product of (i) 90 multiplied by (ii) the Eligible Credit Card Accounts of the Borrowers at such time, plus 

(c) the product of the Inventory Advance Percentage multiplied by the Net Orderly 

Liquidation Value percentage identified in the most recent inventory appraisal ordered and received by the Administrative Agent multiplied by the Borrowers Eligible Inventory at such time, valued at the lower of cost or market value, determined utilizing the retail method or such other method approved in writing by the Administrative Agent (the amount resulting from the foregoing calculation, the Inventory Availability ), plus 
 
 (d) the product of the Inventory Advance Percentage multiplied by the Net Orderly 

Liquidation Value percentage identified in the most recent inventory appraisal ordered and received by the Administrative Agent multiplied by the U.S. Borrowers Eligible In-Transit Inventory at such time, valued at the lower of cost or market value, determined utilizing the retail method or such other method approved in writing by the Administrative Agent; provided that the dollar amount included under this clause (d) shall not at any time exceed an amount equal to ten percent (10 of Inventory Availability, minus 
 
 (e) Reserves. 

Subject to the provisions set forth in this Agreement expressly permitting the Administrative Agent to adjust Reserves, the U.S. Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(g) (or, prior to the first such delivery, delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 4.01(o)). After an Event 

of Default, the Administrative Agent may, in its Permitted Discretion, reduce the advance rates set forth above or reduce one or more of the other elements used in computing the U.S. Borrowing Base. 
 
 U.S. Borrowers means, each of, and collectively, the Company, the other U.S. Borrowers signatory to this Agreement, and any other U.S. Person that joins this Agreement as a U.S. Borrower in accordance with the terms hereof, and U.S. Borrower means any of them. 
 
 U.S. Collateral Documents means, collectively, the U.S. Security Agreement and any other documents pursuant to which a U.S. Loan Party grants a Lien upon any real or personal property as security for payment of the Secured Obligations, including, without limitation, all other security agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, loan agreements, notes, guarantees, subordination agreements, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, fee letters, notices, leases, financing statements and all other written matter whether theretofore, now or hereafter executed by any U.S. Loan Party and delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 U.S. Dollar or means the lawful money of the United States of America. 
 
 U.S. Guarantor means each Domestic Subsidiary of a Borrower that is listed on the signature pages hereto as a Guarantor or that becomes a party hereto as a Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.14, in each case, until such Subsidiary s Loan Guaranty is released in accordance herewith. 
 
 U.S. Lender means a Lender with a Revolving Commitment to the U.S. Borrowers. 
 
 U.S. Loan Parties means, collectively, the U.S. Borrowers and the U.S. Guarantors and any other Person who becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and their respective successors and assigns, and the term Loan Party shall mean any one of them or all of them individually, as the context may require. 
 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the 
 Code. 
 
 U.S. Revolving Exposure Limitations shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
 2.01. 
 
 U.S. Security Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement (including any and all supplements thereto), dated as of the Effective Date, among the U.S. Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, and any other pledge or security agreement entered into, after the date of this Agreement by any other U.S. Loan Party (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document) or any other Person for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 U.S. Subsidiary Borrowers means, collectively (i) each Domestic Subsidiary of the Company that is a party to this Agreement as a U.S. Borrower on the Effective Date and (ii) each Domestic Subsidiary of the Company that becomes a party to this Agreement as a U.S. Borrower following the Effective Date pursuant to Section 5.14, in each case, until such time as such Domestic Subsidiary is released from its obligations under the Loan Documents in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3). 

USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001. 
 
 Wells Fargo means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and Wells Fargo Bank NA, London Branch, as applicable. 
 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 
 SECTION 1.02	 Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, 
 Loans and Borrowings may be classified and referred to Type e.g. , a LIBOR Loan or , a LIBOR Borrowing or a SONIA Rate Loan ). 
 
 SECTION 1.03	 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the 
 singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply) and all applicable judgments, orders and decrees of all Governmental Authorities. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), 
 (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignments set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (f) any reference in any definition to the phrase at any time or for any period shall refer to the same time or period for all calculations or determinations within such definition, (g) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights and (h) the phrase ordinary course of business shall refer to the ordinary course of the Company s business. For purposes of any Collateral located in the Province of Quebec or charged by any deed of hypothec (or any other Loan Document) and for all other purposes pursuant to which the interpretation or construction of a Loan Document may be subject to the laws of the Province of Quebec or a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in the Province of Quebec, (i) personal property shall be deemed to include movable property , (ii) real property shall be deemed to include immovable property , (iii) tangible property shall be deemed to include corporeal property , (iv) intangible property shall be deemed to include incorporeal property , (v) security interest , 

mortgage and lien shall be deemed to include a hypothec , prior claim and a resolutory clause , 
 (vi) all references to filing, registering or recording under the UCC or the PPSA shall be deemed to include publication under the Civil Code of Quebec, (vii) all references to perfection of or perfected Liens shall be deemed to include a reference to an opposable or set up Liens as against third parties, 
 (viii) any right of offset , right of setoff or similar expression shall be deemed to include a right of compensation , (ix) goods shall be deemed to include corporeal movable property other than chattel paper, documents of title, instruments, money and securities, (x) an agent shall be deemed to include a mandatary , (xi) construction liens shall be deemed to include legal hypothecs , (xii) joint and several shall be deemed to include solidary , (xiii) gross negligence or willful misconduct shall be deemed to be intentional or gross fault , (xiv) beneficial ownership shall be deemed to include ownership on behalf of another as mandatory , (xv) easement shall be deemed to include servitude , 
 (xvi) priority shall be deemed to include prior claim , (xvii) survey shall be deemed to include certificate of location and plan , (xviii) a land surveyor shall be deemed to include an arpenteur-g om tre (xix) fee simple title shall be deemed to include absolute ownership and (xx) foreclosure shall be deemed to include the enforcement of a hypothecary recourse . The parties hereto confirm that it is their wish that this Agreement and any other document executed in connection with the transactions contemplated herein be drawn up in the English language only and that all other documents contemplated thereunder or relating thereto, including notices, may also be drawn up in the English language only. Les parties aux pr sentes confirment que c est leur volont que cette convention et les autres documents de cr dit soient r dig s en langue anglaise seulement et que tous les documents, y compris tous avis, envisag s par cette convention et les autres documents peuvent tre r dig s en la langue anglaise seulement. 
 
 SECTION 1.04	 Accounting Terms; GAAP . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, 
 all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if after the date hereof there occurs any change in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of any provision hereof and the Borrower Representative notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrowers request an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of such change in GAAP or in the application thereof (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower Representative that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith, and the Borrower Representative, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to negotiate in good faith with respect to any proposed amendment to eliminate or adjust for the effect of any such change. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving effect to any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein, (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof, and (iii) without giving effect to any change in GAAP occurring after the Effective Date as a result of the adoption of any proposals set forth in the Proposed Accounting Standards Update, Leases (Topic 840), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on August 17, 2010, or any other proposals issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in connection therewith, in each case if such change would require 

treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) was not required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on the Effective Date. 
 
 SECTION 1.05	 Pro Forma Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions . To the extent any 
 Borrower or any Subsidiary makes any Acquisition permitted pursuant to Section 6.04 or disposition of assets outside the ordinary course of business permitted by Section 6.05 during the period of four (4) fiscal quarters of the Borrowers most recently ended, each of the Secured Leverage Ratio, and the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, if required to be calculated herein, shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable to such Acquisition or disposition, are factually supportable and are expected to have a continuing impact, in each case as determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as interpreted by the SEC, and as certified by a Financial Officer of the Company), as if such Acquisition or such disposition (and any related incurrence, repayment or assumption of Indebtedness) had occurred in the first day of such four-quarter period. 
 
 SECTION 1.06	 Status of Obligations . In the event that any Borrower or any other Loan 
 Party shall at any time issue or have outstanding any Subordinated Indebtedness, such Borrower shall take or cause such other Loan Party to take all such actions as shall be necessary to cause the Secured Obligations to constitute senior indebtedness (however denominated) in respect of such Subordinated Indebtedness and to enable the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. Without limiting the foregoing, the Secured Obligations are hereby designated as senior indebtedness and as designated senior indebtedness and words of similar import under and in respect of any indenture or other agreement or instrument under which such Subordinated Indebtedness is outstanding and are further given all such other designations as shall be required under the terms of any such Subordinated Indebtedness in order that the Lenders may have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 
 SECTION 1.07	 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents . 
 
 (a) Without limiting the other terms of this Agreement, the calculations and determinations 

under this Agreement of any amount in any currency other than U.S. Dollars shall be deemed to refer to the Dollar Amount thereof, as the case may be, and all Borrowing Base Certificates delivered under this Agreement shall express such calculations or determinations in U.S. Dollars or the Dollar Amount thereof, as the case may be. Each requisite currency translation shall be based on the Spot Rate. 
 
 (b) For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the Dollar Amount of the 

Canadian Borrowing Base and of any Borrowings, Loans, Letters of Credit and other Obligations shall be determined in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in respect of the most recent Revaluation Date. Such Dollar Amount shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date for the Canadian Borrowing Base and for such Borrowings, Loans, Letters of Credit and other Obligations and shall be the Dollar Amount employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies until the next Revaluation Date to occur for the Canadian Borrowing Base and for such Borrowings, Loans, Letters of Credit and other Obligations. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 The Credits 
 
 SECTION 2.01	 Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, 
 
 (a) each U.S. Lender severally agrees, from time to time during the Availability Period, to 

make Revolving Loans to the U.S. Borrowers in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in: 

(i) each U.S. Lender severally agrees, from time to time during the Availability Period, to make Revolving Loans to the U.S. Borrowers in an aggregate prinicpal amount that will not result in: 

(ii) U.S. Availability being less than zero; 

(iii) Aggregate Availability being less than zero; or 

(iv) the Aggregate Credit Exposure denominated in currencies other than U.S. Dollars 

exceeding the Foreign Currency Sublimit; 
 
 (b) each Canadian Lender severally agrees, from time to time during the Availability Period, 

to make Revolving Loans to the Canadian Borrowers in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in: 
 
 (i) such Canadian Lender s Canadian Revolving Exposure exceeding such Canadian 

Lender s Commitment; 
 
 (ii) Canadian Availably being less than zero; or 

(iii) Aggregate Availability being less than zero; 

subject, in each case, to the Administrative Agent s authority, in its sole discretion, to make Protective Advances and Overadvances pursuant to the terms of Section 2.04 and Section 2.05. The limitations on Borrowings referred to in clause (a) of this Section 2.01 are referred to collectively as the U.S. Revolving Exposure Limitations and the limitations on Borrowings referred to in clause (b) of this Section 2.01 are referred to collectively as the Canadian Revolving Exposure Limitations . Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. 
 
 SECTION 2.02	 Loans and Borrowings . (a) Each Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall 
 be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Type made by the applicable Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. Any Protective Advance, any Overadvance and any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.04 and Section 2.05. 
 
 (b) Subject to the Foreign Currency Sublimit, all Borrowings made to the U.S. Borrowers 

shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars, Sterling, Euros, Canadian Dollars or other Designated Currencies. All Borrowings made to the Canadian Borrowers shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars. Subject to Section 2.14, (i) each Borrowing that is denominated in U.S. Dollars shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or LIBOR Loans as the Borrower Representative may request in accordance herewith, (ii) each Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be comprised entirely of Canadian Prime Rate Loans (if made to a Canadian Borrower) or CDOR Loans (if made to any Borrower), as the Borrower Representative may request in accordance herewith, (iii) each Borrowing denominated in Sterling or any Alternative Currency shall be comprised entirely of LIBOR Loans and , 
 (iv) each Borrowing denominated in Euros shall be comprised entirely of EURIBOR Loans and (v) each Borrowing denominated in Sterling shall be comprised entirely of SONIA Rate Loans . Any Borrowings 

made on the Effective Date must be made as ABR Borrowings or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings, but may be converted into LIBOR Borrowings or CDOR Borrowings in accordance with Section 2.08. All Existing Loans outstanding on the Effective Date which are LIBOR Loans shall be permitted to continue as LIBOR Loans for the duration of such LIBOR Loans respective Interest Periods. Each Swingline Loan (i) provided to a U.S. Borrower shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars and shall be an ABR Loan and 
 (ii) provided to a Canadian Borrower shall be denominated in Canadian Dollars (and shall be a Canadian Prime Rate Loan) or U.S. Dollars (and shall be an ABR Loan). Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate or branch, the provisions of Section 2.14, Section 2.15, Section 2.16 and Section 
 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate or branch to the same extent as to such Lender); provided , however , (i) the exercise of such option shall be recorded in the Register in accordance with Section 9.04(b)(iv) and such Affiliate or branch shall have provided the tax forms required by Section 2.17(f) to the Administrative Agent, and (ii) any that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR 

Borrowing or EURIBOR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 U.S. Dollars, Sterling, Euros, Canadian Dollars or other Designated Currency, as applicable and not less than 1,000,000 U.S. Dollars, Sterling, Euros, Canadian Dollars or other Designated Currency, as applicable. At the time that each ABR Borrowing or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 
 500,000 or Cdn 500,000, as applicable and not less than 1,000,000 or Cdn 1,000,000, as applicable; provided that an ABR Borrowing or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Aggregate Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 500,000 or Cdn 500,000, as applicable, and not less than 
 1,000,000 or Cdn 1,000,000, as applicable. Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be, collectively, more than a total of 10 LIBOR, CDOR and EURIBOR Borrowings outstanding. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower Representative 

shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 
 
 SECTION 2.03	 Requests for Borrowings .	To request a Borrowing, the Borrower 
 Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request either in writing (delivered by hand, facsimile or emailed in pdf format) in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Borrower Representative or through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, not later than (a) in the case of a CDOR Borrowing, 11:00 a.m., Local Time, four (4) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (b) in the case of a LIBOR Borrowing or , EURIBOR Borrowing or SONIA Borrowing , 11:00 a.m., Local Time, three (3) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (c) in the case of an ABR Borrowing or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing (other than a Swingline Borrowing), noon, Local Time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing; provided that any such notice of an ABR Borrowing or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the date of such proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative. Each such Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 
 
 (i) the name of the applicable Borrower(s); 

(ii) the currency and aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing and a breakdown 

of the separate wires comprising such Borrowing; 
 
 (iii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iv) the Type of such Borrowing; and 

(v) in the case of a LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or EURIBOR Borrowing, 

the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. 
 
 Any Borrowing Request that shall fail to specify any of the information required by the preceding provisions of this paragraph may be rejected by the Administrative Agent if such failure is not corrected promptly after the Administrative Agent shall give written or telephonic notice thereof to the Borrower Representative and, if so rejected, will be of no force or effect. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 
 SECTION 2.04	 Protective Advances .	(a)	Subject to the limitations set forth below, the 
 Administrative Agent is authorized by the Borrowers and the Lenders, from time to time in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion (but shall have absolutely no obligation to), to make Loans to the Borrowers, on behalf of all Lenders, which the Administrative Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, deems necessary or desirable (i) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, (ii) to enhance the likelihood of, or maximize the amount of, repayment of the Loans and other Obligations, or (iii) to pay any other amount chargeable to or required to be paid by the Borrowers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including payments of reimbursable expenses (including costs, fees, and expenses as described in Section 9.03) and other sums payable under the Loan Documents (any of such Loans are herein referred to as Protective Advances ); provided that (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Protective Advances shall not, at any time, exceed (x) 5 of the Aggregate Commitments then in effect or (y) when aggregated with the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Overadvances, 10 of the Aggregate Commitments then in effect; provided further that no Protective Advance shall be made if after giving effect thereto, any Lender s Revolving Exposure shall exceed such Lender s Commitment. Protective Advances may be made even if the conditions precedent set forth in Section 
 4.02 have not been satisfied. The Protective Advances shall be secured by the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent in and to the Collateral and shall constitute Obligations hereunder. All Protective Advances to the U.S. Borrowers shall be ABR Borrowings and all Protective Advances to the Canadian Borrowers shall be Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings if made in Canadian Dollars and ABR Borrowings if made in U.S. Dollars. The making of a Protective Advance on any one occasion shall not obligate the Administrative Agent to make any Protective Advance on any other occasion. The Administrative Agent s authorization to make Protective Advances may be revoked at any time by the Required Lenders. Any such revocation must be in writing and shall become effective prospectively upon the Administrative Agent s receipt thereof. At any time that there is sufficient U.S. Availability or Canadian Availability, as applicable, and the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 have been satisfied, the Administrative Agent may request the applicable Revolving Lenders to make a Revolving Loan to repay a Protective Advance. At any other time the Administrative Agent may require the Lenders to fund their risk participations described in Section 2.04(b). 
 
 (b)	Upon the making of a Protective Advance by the Administrative Agent (whether before 
 or after the occurrence of a Default), each Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from the Administrative Agent, without 

recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such Protective Advance in proportion to its Applicable Percentage. From and after the date, if any, on which any Lender is required to fund its participation in any Protective Advance purchased hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to such Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of all payments of principal and interest and all proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent in respect of such Protective Advance. 
 
 SECTION 2.05	 Swingline Loans and Overadvances . 
 
 (a) The Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders agree that in order to 

facilitate the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, promptly after the Borrower Representative requests (i) on behalf of a U.S. Borrower, an ABR Borrowing in U.S. Dollars or 
 (ii) on behalf of a Canadian Borrower, a Canadian Prime Rate Loan in Canadian Dollars, the Swingline Lender may elect to have the terms of this Section 2.05(a) apply to such Borrowing Request by advancing, on behalf of the Lenders and in the amount requested, same day funds to the applicable Borrowers, on the date of the applicable Borrowing to the applicable Funding Account(s) (each such Loan made solely by the Swingline Lender pursuant to this Section 2.05(a) is referred to in this Agreement as a Swingline Loan ), with settlement among them as to the Swingline Loans to take place on a periodic basis as set forth in Section 2.05(d). Each Swingline Loan shall be subject to all the terms and conditions applicable to other ABR Loans and Canadian Prime Rate Loans funded by the Lenders, except that all payments thereon shall be payable to the Swingline Lender solely for its own account. In addition, the Borrowers hereby authorize the Swingline Lender to, and the Swingline Lender may, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (but without any further written notice required), not later than 2:00 p.m., New York time, on each Business Day, make available to the Borrowers by means of a credit to the Funding Account(s), the proceeds of a Swingline Loan to the extent necessary to pay items to be drawn on any Controlled Disbursement Account that Business Day; provided that, if on any Business Day there is insufficient borrowing capacity to permit the Swingline Lender to make available to the Borrowers a Swingline Loan in the amount necessary to pay all items to be so drawn on any such Controlled Disbursement Account on such Business Day, then the Borrower Representative shall be deemed to have requested an ABR Borrowing in U.S. Dollars or a Canadian Prime Rate Loan in Canadian Dollars, as applicable, pursuant to Section 2.03 in the amount of such deficiency to be made on such Business Day. The aggregate amount of Swingline Loans outstanding at any time shall not exceed 
 25,000,000; provided that, the aggregate amount of such Swingline Loans outstanding provided at any time to any Canadian Borrower shall not exceed 4,000,000. The Swingline Lender shall not make any Swingline Loan if, after giving effect thereto, the Borrowers would not be in compliance with the Revolving Exposure Limitations. All Swingline Loans shall be ABR Borrowings in the case of U.S. Borrowers or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings in the case of Canadian Borrowers 
 
 (b) Any provision of this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, at the request of the 

Borrower Representative, the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion (but with absolutely no obligation), on behalf of the Lenders, (x) make Revolving Loans to the Borrowers, in amounts that exceed 
 U.S. Availability or Canadian Availability, as applicable (any such excess Revolving Loans are herein referred to collectively as Overadvances or (y) deem the amount of Revolving Loans outstanding to the Borrowers that are in excess of U.S. Availability or Canadian Availability, as applicable, to be Overadvances; provided that, no Overadvance shall result in a Default due to Borrowers failure to comply with Section 2.01 for so long as such Overadvance remains outstanding in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, but solely with respect to the amount of such Overadvance; provided, further that the aggregate amount of outstanding Overadvances shall not, at any time, exceed (x) 5 of the Aggregate Commitments then in effect or (y) when aggregated with the aggregate outstanding amount of Protective Advances then outstanding, 10 of the Aggregate Commitments then in effect; provided further that no Overadvance shall be made if after giving effect thereto, any Lender s Revolving Exposure shall exceed 

such Lender s Commitment. Overadvances may be made even if the condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02(c) has not been satisfied. All Overadvances shall constitute ABR Borrowings in the case of 
 U.S. Borrowers and the Canadian Borrowers (if made in U.S. Dollars) or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings (if made in Canadian Dollars) in the case of Canadian Borrowers. The making of an Overadvance on any one occasion shall not obligate the Administrative Agent to make any Overadvance on any other occasion. The applicable Borrowers shall be required to repay each Overadvance no later than the 30th day after the date of the making thereof. The Administrative Agent s authorization to make Overadvances may be revoked at any time by the Required Lenders. Any such revocation must be in writing and shall become effective prospectively upon the Administrative Agent s receipt thereof. 
 
 (c) Upon the making of a Swingline Loan or an Overadvance (whether before or after the 

occurrence of a Default and regardless of whether a Settlement has been requested with respect to such Swingline Loan or Overadvance), each applicable Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from the Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such Swingline Loan or Overadvance in proportion to its Applicable Percentage of the Commitment. The Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent may, at any time, require such Lenders to fund their participations. From and after the date, if any, on which any Lender is required to fund its participation in any Swingline Loan or Overadvance purchased hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to such Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of all payments of principal and interest and all proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent in respect of such Swingline Loan or Overadvance. 
 
 (d) The Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Swingline Lender, shall request settlement (a 

Settlement with the applicable Lenders on at least a weekly basis or on any date that the Administrative Agent elects, by notifying such Lenders of such requested Settlement by facsimile, telephone, or e-mail no later than 1:00 p.m. New York time on the date of such requested Settlement (the Settlement Date ). Each such Lender (other than the Swingline Lender, in the case of the Swingline Loans) shall transfer the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding principal amount of the applicable Loan (in the same currency such Loan was made) with respect to which Settlement is requested to the Administrative Agent, to such account of the Administrative Agent as the Administrative Agent may designate, not later than 3:00 p.m., New York time, on such Settlement Date. Settlements may occur during the existence of a Default and whether or not the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 have then been satisfied. Such amounts transferred to the Administrative Agent shall be applied against the amounts of the Swingline Lender s Swingline Loans and, together with Swingline Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan, shall constitute Revolving Loans of such Lenders, respectively. If any such amount is not transferred to the Administrative Agent by any Lender on such Settlement Date, the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender on demand such amount, together with interest thereon, as specified in Section 2.07. 
 
 SECTION 2.06	 Letters of Credit . (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth 
 herein, the Borrower Representative may request the issuance of Letters of Credit denominated in U.S. Dollars or an LC Designated Currency for its own account or for the account of another U.S. Borrower as the applicant thereof for the support of its or any Subsidiary s obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding that the Urban UK L/C has been issued for the account of a Subsidiary of the Company, the U.S. Borrowers hereby acknowledge and agree that the U.S. Borrowers shall be deemed to have requested that Wells Fargo, as an Issuing Bank hereunder, issue the Urban UK L/C, and the U.S. Borrowers are and shall be obligated for all reimbursement obligations under the Urban UK L/C, including, without limitation, as if an application for 

such Urban UK L/C shall have been executed by the Company. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the U.S. Borrowers to, or entered into by the U.S. Borrowers with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Each U.S. Borrower unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that, in connection with any Letter of Credit issued for the support of any Subsidiary s obligations as provided in the first sentence of this paragraph, such U.S. Borrower will be fully responsible for the reimbursement of LC Disbursements in accordance with the terms hereof, the payment of interest thereon and the payment of fees due under Section 2.12(b) to the same extent as if it were the sole account party in respect of such Letter of Credit (such U.S. Borrower hereby irrevocably waiving any defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of the obligations of such Subsidiary that is an account party in respect of any such Letter of Credit). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuing Bank shall have no obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit (i) the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (A) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of any Sanctions or (B) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement, (ii) if any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Requirement of Law relating to the Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that the Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Effective Date and which the Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it, or (iii) if the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed not to be in effect on the Effective Date for purposes of clause (ii) above, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 
 (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions . To request the 

issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower Representative shall deliver by hand or facsimile (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent) to the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of, but in any event no less than three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (if applicable) (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount and currency of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the Issuing Bank, the Borrower Representative also shall submit a letter of credit application on the Issuing Bank s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the U.S. Borrowers shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or 

extension (i) the aggregate LC Exposure shall not exceed 35,000,000, (ii) the aggregate Standby LC Exposure shall not exceed 35,000,000, (iii) the aggregate Commercial LC Exposure shall not exceed 
 5,000,000, (iv) the LC Exposure of any Issuing Bank shall not exceed such Issuing Bank s LC Individual Sublimit, and (v) the Borrowers will be in compliance with the Revolving Exposure Limitations. 
 
 (c) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit (other than the Urban UK L/C) shall expire (or be 

subject to termination or non-renewal by notice from the applicable Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, including, without limitation, any automatic renewal provision, one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or such later date as to which the Administrative Agent may agree) unless in the case of this subclause (ii) such Letter of Credit is Cash Collateralized on or prior to the date of issuance thereof. Any Letter of Credit may provide by its terms that it may be automatically extended for additional successive one year periods on terms reasonably acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank. Any Letter of Credit providing for automatic extension shall be extended upon the then current expiration date without any further action by any Person unless the applicable Issuing Bank shall have given notice to the applicable beneficiary (with a copy to the Borrower Representative) of the election by such Issuing Bank not to extend such Letter of Credit, such notice to be given not fewer than 30 days prior to the then current expiration date of such Letter of Credit; provided that no Letter of Credit may be extended automatically or otherwise beyond the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date unless such Letter of Credit is Cash Collateralized on or prior to the date of such extension. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, the Urban UK L/C shall not be required to comply with the foregoing requirements. 
 
 (d) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of 

Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from the Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement (in the same currency as such LC Disbursement) made by the Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrowers on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the U.S. Borrowers for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
 
 (e) Reimbursement . If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a 

Letter of Credit, the U.S. Borrowers shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement (in the same currency as such LC Disbursement) (i) not later than 1:00 p.m., New York time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower Representative shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10:00 a.m., New York time, on such date, or, (ii) if such notice has not been received by the Borrower Representative prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12:00 noon, New York time, on (A) the Business Day that the Borrower Representative receives such notice, if such notice is received prior to 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the day of receipt, or (B) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower Representative receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on 

the day of receipt; provided that the Borrower Representative may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or Section 2.05 that such payment be financed with an ABR Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the 
 U.S. Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Borrowing or Swingline Loan. If the U.S. Borrowers fail to make such payment when due, such amount, if denominated in Canadian Dollars or other Designated Currencies, shall be converted to U.S. Dollars and shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the U.S. Borrowers in respect thereof and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the U.S. Borrowers, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the U.S. Borrowers pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and the Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrowers of their obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. 
 
 (f) Obligations Absolute . The U.S. Borrowers joint and several obligation to reimburse LC 

Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) any payment by the Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the U.S. Borrowers obligations hereunder. None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, any Issuing Bank or any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of such Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse an Issuing Bank from liability to the U.S. Borrowers to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the U.S. Borrowers to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by any U.S. Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, an Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon 

such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 
 (g) Disbursement Procedures .	Each Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt 

thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Each Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the applicable U.S. Borrower by telephone (confirmed by facsimile) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the U.S. Borrowers of their obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 
 (h) Interim Interest . If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the 

U.S. Borrowers shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the U.S. Borrowers reimburse such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Loans and such interest shall be payable on the date when such reimbursement is due; provided that, if the U.S. Borrowers fail to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13( g h shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse the Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 
 (i) Replacement of an Issuing Bank . 

(i) Any Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the 

Borrower Representative, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the U.S. Borrowers shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 
 (ii) The Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days 

prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower Representative and the Lenders, in which case, such Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.06(i) above. 
 
 (j) Cash Collateralization . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the 

Business Day that the Borrower Representative receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the U.S. Borrowers shall Cash Collateralize all Letters of Credit; provided that the obligation to Cash Collateralize all Letters of Credit shall become effective immediately, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to any U.S. Borrower described in clause (h) or 
 (x) of Article VII. For the purposes of this Agreement, Cash Collateralize shall mean, (x) with respect 

to any Letter of Credit other than the Urban UK L/C, the deposit in U.S. Dollars in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders (the LC Collateral Account ), an amount in cash equal to (i) 103 of the amount of the LC Exposure in respect of such Letter of Credit issued and outstanding on such date plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, plus (ii) 115 of the amount of the LC Exposure in respect of Letters of Credit issued and outstanding in any LC Designated Currency on such date, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and 
 (y) with respect to the Urban UK L/C, the deposit in Sterling in an account with Wells Fargo, in the name of Wells Fargo and for the benefit of the Lenders (the Urban UK L/C Collateral Account ), an amount in cash equal to 115 of the amount of the LC Exposure in respect of such Urban UK L/C outstanding on such date, and such additional amounts as may be required by Wells Fargo from time to time thereafter, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. Such deposit in the LC Collateral Account shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations. Such deposit in the Urban UK L/C Collateral Account shall be held by Wells Fargo as collateral for the payment and performance of the Urban UK L/C and all other Secured Obligations. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the LC Collateral Account and the U.S. Borrowers hereby grant the Administrative Agent a security interest in the LC Collateral Account and all money or other assets on deposit therein or credited thereto. Wells Fargo shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the Urban UK L/C Collateral Account and the U.S. Borrowers hereby grant Wells Fargo and the other Secured Parties a security interest in and charge over the Urban UK L/C Collateral Account and all money or other assets on deposit therein or credited thereto. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the U.S. Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits in the LC Collateral Account shall not bear interest. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of Wells Fargo and at the U.S. Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits in the Urban UK L/C Collateral Account shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in the LC Collateral Account or the Urban UK L/C Collateral Account, as applicable. Moneys in the LC Collateral Account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the U.S. Borrowers for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of the Required Lenders), be applied to satisfy other Secured Obligations. Moneys in the Urban UK L/C Collateral Account shall be applied by Wells Fargo first to reimburse Wells Fargo, as Issuing Bank, for LC Disbursements with respect to the Urban UK L/C for which it has not been reimbursed, and, to the extent of any excess following such reimbursement in full, shall be applied as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence. If the U.S. Borrowers are required to Cash Collateralize Letters of Credit solely as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, the cash collateral (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the U.S. Borrowers within three (3) Business Days after all such Events of Default have been waived as confirmed in writing by the Administrative Agent. Not later than concurrently with payoff or refinancing of the Obligations arising under the Loan Documents (other than in respect of the Urban UK L/C), Wells Fargo and the U.S. Borrowers shall take such actions and execute such agreements as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in order to release the Lenders (other than Wells Fargo) and the Administrative Agent from any liability or continuing obligations in respect of the Urban UK L/C. 

(k) Issuing Bank Reports to the Administrative Agent .	Unless otherwise agreed by the 

Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank shall, in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section, report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) periodic activity (for such period or recurrent periods as shall be requested by the Administrative Agent) in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, including all issuances, extensions, amendments and renewals, all expirations and cancelations and all disbursements and reimbursements, (ii) reasonably prior to the time 

that such Issuing Bank issues, amends, renews or extends any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, and the stated amount of the Letters of Credit issued, amended, renewed or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (and whether the amounts thereof shall have changed), (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement, the date and amount of such LC Disbursement, (iv) on any Business Day on which any U.S. Borrower fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such LC Disbursement, and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. 
 
 (l) LC Exposure Determination . For all purposes of this Agreement, the amount of a Letter 

of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at the time of determination. 
 
 (m) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued 

or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the 
 U.S. Borrowers shall be obligated to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. Each U.S. Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit requested by such U.S. Borrower for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of such U.S. Borrower, and that such U.S. Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 
 
 (n) Existing Letters of Credit . Each Existing Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a Letter 

of Credit issued for the account of the U.S. Borrowers on the Effective Date for all purposes hereof and of the other Loan Documents (whether or not a U.S. Borrower was the applicant with respect thereto or otherwise responsible for reimbursement obligations with respect thereto prior to the Effective Date), and no issuance or similar fees (as distinguished from ongoing participation or fronting fees) will be required in connection with the deemed issuance of the Existing Letters of Credit on the Effective Date. 
 
 SECTION 2.07	 Funding of Borrowings . (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made 
 by such Lender hereunder on the proposed date thereof solely by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 1:00 pm, Local Time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders in an amount equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage; provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 5.05. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the applicable Borrower Representative by promptly crediting the funds so received in the aforesaid account of the Administrative Agent to the applicable Funding Account; provided that ABR Loans made to finance the reimbursement of (i) an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank and (ii) a Protective Advance or an Overadvance shall be retained by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (b)	Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the 
 proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the applicable Borrowers severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the applicable Borrower to but 

excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the rate reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be the cost to it of funding such amount or (ii) in the case of the Borrowers, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans or, in the case of Canadian Borrowers, Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings (if made in Canadian Dollars). If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 
 
 SECTION 2.08	 Interest Elections .	(a)	Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type 
 specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or EURIBOR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower Representative may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or EURIBOR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower Representative may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, Overadvances or Protective Advances, which may not be converted or continued. 
 
 (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower Representative shall notify 

the Administrative Agent of such election in writing or through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrowers were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section, a Borrower shall not be permitted to change the currency of any Borrowing. 
 
 (c) Each Interest Election Request (including requests submitted through Electronic System) 

shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 
 
 (i) the name of the applicable Borrower and the Borrowing to which such Interest 

Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); 
 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, 

which shall be a Business Day; 
 
 (iii) the Type of Borrowing; and 

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or 

EURIBOR Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or EURIBOR Borrowing, but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrowers shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 

(d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent 

shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 
 (e) If the Borrower Representative fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with 

respect to a LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or EURIBOR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period (i) with respect to Borrowings by a U.S. Borrower (A) in the case of a LIBOR Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing and 
 (B) in the case of any other LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or a EURIBOR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall become due and payable on the last day of such Interest Period, and (ii) with respect to Borrowings by a Canadian Borrower, such Borrowing shall be converted to a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing in the case of a CDOR Borrowing or an ABR Borrowing in the case of a LIBOR Borrowing, as applicable. 
 
 (f) Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is 

continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower Representative (provided that no such notice shall be required in the case of an Event of Default under clause (h) or (i) of Article VII), then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars may be converted to or continued as a LIBOR Borrowing and no outstanding Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars may be converted to or continued as a CDOR Borrowing, and (ii) unless repaid (A) each LIBOR Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, and (B) each CDOR Borrowing to a Canadian Borrower shall be converted to a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and each CDOR Borrowing to a U.S. Borrower shall be repaid at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 
 SECTION 2.09	 Termination and Reduction of Commitments; Increase in Commitments . (a) 
 Unless previously terminated the Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date. 
 
 (b) The applicable Borrowers may at any time terminate the Commitments upon (i) the 

payment in full of all outstanding Loans, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon and on any LC Exposure, (ii) the cancellation and return of all outstanding Letters of Credit (or alternatively, with respect to each such Letter of Credit, the Cash Collateralization (or at the discretion of the Administrative Agent a backup standby letter of credit satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank) of all outstanding Letters of Credit), (iii) the payment in full of the accrued and unpaid fees, and (iv) the payment in full of all reimbursable expenses and other Obligations, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon. 
 
 (c) The Borrowers may from time to time reduce the Commitments; provided that (i) each 

reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 5,000,000 and (ii) the Borrowers shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, the Borrowers would not be in compliance with the Revolving Exposure Limitations. 
 
 (d) The Borrower Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to 

terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower Representative pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower Representative may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other 

credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower Representative (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 
 (e) The Borrowers shall have the right to increase the Commitments by obtaining additional 

Commitments, either from one or more of the Lenders or another lending institution; provided that (i) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 10,000,000, (ii) the aggregate amount of all additional Commitments obtained under this clause (e) shall not exceed 150,000,000, (iii) the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank have approved the identity of any such new Lender, such approvals not to be unreasonably withheld, (iv) any such new Lender assumes all of the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder, (v) the procedure described in Section 2.09(f) has been satisfied, (vi) the terms and provisions of all additional Commitments and loans made thereunder shall be identical (including yield and maturity date) to the then existing Commitments and Revolving Loans, respectively, and (vii) no increase of the Canadian Sublimit is permitted. Nothing contained in this Section 2.09 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to increase its Commitment hereunder at any time. 
 
 (f) Any amendment hereto for such an increase or addition shall be in form and substance 

satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and shall only require the written signatures of the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers and each Lender being added or increasing its Commitment, subject only to the approval of the Required Lenders if any such increase or addition would cause the Commitments to exceed 500,000,000. As a condition precedent to such an increase or addition, the Borrowers shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (i) a certificate of each Loan Party signed by an authorized officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrowers, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase or addition, (1) the representations and warranties contained in Article III and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (except that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, and that any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects) and (2) no Default or Event of Default exists, and (ii) legal opinions and documents consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (g) On the effective date of any such increase or addition, (i) any Lender increasing (or, in 

the case of any newly added Lender, extending) its Commitment shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase or addition and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender s portion of the outstanding Revolving Loans of all the Lenders to equal its revised Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and the Administrative Agent shall make such other adjustments among the Lenders with respect to the Revolving Loans then outstanding and amounts of principal, interest, commitment fees and other amounts paid or payable with respect thereto as shall be necessary, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, in order to effect such reallocation and (ii) the Borrowers shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding Revolving Loans as of the date of any increase (or addition) in the Commitments (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the Borrower Representative, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each LIBOR Loan, CDOR Loan and 

EURIBOR Loan, shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrowers pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. Within a reasonable time after the effective date of any increase or addition, the Administrative Agent shall, and is hereby authorized and directed to, revise the Commitment Schedule to reflect such increase or addition and shall distribute such revised Commitment Schedule to each of the Lenders and the Borrower Representative, whereupon such revised Commitment Schedule shall replace the old Commitment Schedule and become part of this Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 2.10	 Repayment and Amortization of Loans; Evidence of Debt . (a) The U.S. 
 Borrowers hereby unconditionally promise to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each 
 U.S. Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan made to the U.S. Borrowers on the Maturity Date, (ii) to the Administrative Agent the then unpaid amount of each Protective Advance made to the U.S. Borrowers on the earlier of the Maturity Date and demand by the Administrative Agent, and 
 (iii) to the Administrative Agent the then unpaid principal amount of each Overadvance made to the U.S. Borrowers on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the 30 th day after such Overadvance is made. The Canadian Borrowers hereby unconditionally promise to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Canadian Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan made to the Canadian Borrowers on the Maturity Date, (ii) to the Administrative Agent the then unpaid amount of each Protective Advance made to the Canadian Borrowers on the earlier of the Maturity Date and demand by the Administrative Agent, and (iii) to the Administrative Agent the then unpaid principal amount of each Overadvance made to the Canadian Borrowers on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the 30 th day after such Overadvance is made. 
 
 (b) On each Business Day during any Dominion Period, the Administrative Agent shall 

apply all funds credited to a Concentration Account of the Borrowers on such Business Day or the immediately preceding Business Day (at the discretion of the Administrative Agent, whether or not immediately available), first , to prepay any Protective Advances and Overadvance that may be outstanding, second , to prepay the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans, third to Cash Collateralize outstanding LC Exposure, and fourth , as the Borrower Representative may direct. 
 
 (c) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts 

evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount 

of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrowers to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 
 (e) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (c) or (d) of this 

Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 (f) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In 

such event, the Borrowers shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and 

interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 
 
 SECTION 2.11	 Prepayment of Loans . (a) The Borrowers shall have the right at any time 
 and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section and, if applicable, payment of any break funding expenses under Section 2.16. 
 
 (b) Except for Overadvances permitted under Section 2.05, in the event and on each occasion 

that the Borrowers are not in compliance with the Revolving Exposure Limitations (including following any Revaluation Date), the applicable Borrowers shall severally prepay the Revolving Loans and/or Swingline Loans (or, if no such Loans are outstanding, Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit) of such Borrower(s) in an aggregate amount that, after giving effect to such prepayments or Cash Collateralization the Borrowers shall be in compliance with the Revolving Exposure Limitations. 
 
 (c) During any Dominion Period or during any time when an Event of Default shall have 

occurred and be continuing, subject to the Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, if any, in the event and on each occasion that any Net Proceeds are received by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of any Prepayment Event, the Borrowers shall, immediately after such Net Proceeds are received by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, prepay the Obligations and cash collateralize the LC Exposure as set forth in Section 2.11(d) below in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Proceeds; 
 
 provided that, in the case of any event described in clause (a) or (b) of the definition of the term Prepayment Event , if the Borrower Representative shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer to the effect that the Loan Parties intend to apply the Net Proceeds from such event (or a portion thereof specified in such certificate), within 180 days after receipt of such Net Proceeds, to acquire (or replace or rebuild) real property, equipment or other tangible assets (excluding inventory) to be used in the business of the Loan Parties, and certifying that no Default has occurred and is continuing, then either (i) so long as full cash dominion is not in effect, no prepayment shall be required pursuant to this paragraph in respect of the Net Proceeds specified in such certificate or (ii) if full cash dominion is in effect, then, if the Net Proceeds specified in such certificate are to be applied to acquire, replace or rebuild such assets by (A) the Borrowers, such Net Proceeds shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reduce the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Loans (without a permanent reduction of the Revolving Commitment) and upon such application, the Administrative Agent shall establish a Reserve against any Borrowing Base in an amount equal to the amount of such proceeds so applied and (B) any Loan Party that is not a Borrower, such Net Proceeds shall be deposited in a cash collateral account, and in the case of either (A) or (B), thereafter, such funds shall be made available to the applicable Loan Party as follows: 
 
 (1) the Borrower Representative shall request a Borrowing of Revolving Loans (specifying that the request is to use Net Proceeds pursuant to this Section) or the applicable Loan Party shall request a release from the cash collateral account be made in the amount needed; 

(2) so long as the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 have been met, the Revolving Lenders shall make such Borrowing of Revolving Loans or the Administrative Agent shall release funds from the cash collateral account; and 

(3) the Reserve established with respect to such insurance proceeds shall be reduced by the amount of such Borrowing of Revolving Loans; 

provided that to the extent of any such Net Proceeds therefrom that have not been so applied by the end of such 180 day period, a prepayment shall be required at such time in an amount equal to such Net Proceeds that have not been so applied; provided, further that the Borrowers shall not be permitted to make elections to use Net Proceeds to acquire (or replace or rebuild) real property, equipment or other tangible assets (excluding inventory) with respect to Net Proceeds in any fiscal year in an aggregate amount in excess of 25,000,000. 
 
 (d) Subject to the Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, if any, all such amounts 

pursuant to Section 2.11(c) shall be applied, first to prepay any Protective Advances and Overadvances that may be outstanding, pro rata, and second to prepay the Revolving Loans (including Swingline Loans) without a corresponding reduction in the Revolving Commitments and to cash collateralize outstanding LC Exposure. 
 
 (e) The Borrower Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of 

prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by telephone (confirmed by facsimile) or through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, of any prepayment hereunder not later than (i) 11:00 a.m., New York time, (A) in the case of prepayment of a LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or , EURIBOR Borrowing or SONIA Borrowing , three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment, or (B) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Borrowing of Revolving Loans, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing of Revolving Loans shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of Revolving Loans of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02 and shall be the same currency as the Borrowing of Revolving Loans being repaid. Each prepayment of a Borrowing of Revolving Loans shall be applied ratably to the Revolving Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and (ii) break funding payments, if any, pursuant to Section 2.16. 
 
 SECTION 2.12	 Fees . 
 
 (a) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of each 

Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the average daily amount of the Available Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which the Commitments terminate. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the first Business Day of each January, April, July and October and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed, (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 
 (b) The U.S. Borrowers agree to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each 

Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, at a per annum rate equal to (A) with respect to Standby LC Exposure, the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to LIBOR Loans on the average daily amount of such Lender s Standby LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements), and (B) with respect to Commercial LC Exposure, 50 less than the Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to LIBOR Loans on the average daily amount of such Lender s Commercial LC Exposure 

(excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements), in each case during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to the Issuing Bank a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125 per annum on the average daily amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) attributable to Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as the Issuing Bank s standard fees and commissions with respect to the issuance, amendment, cancellation, negotiation, transfer, presentment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of each calendar quarter shall be payable on the first Business Day of each January, April, July and October following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to the Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 30 days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 
 (c) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees 

payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due and shall be paid in U.S. 

Dollars, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to an Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 
 SECTION 2.13	 Interest . 
 
 (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing 

(including each Swingline Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars, as applicable) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate or the Canadian Prime Rate, as applicable, plus the Applicable Rate. 
 
 (b) The Revolving Loans comprising each LIBOR Borrowing shall bear interest at (i) in the 

case of a Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Adjusted LIBO Rate and (ii) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars and Sterling , the LIBO Rate, in each case for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing, plus the Applicable Rate. 
 
 (c) The Revolving Loans comprising each CDOR Borrowing shall bear interest at the CDOR 

Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 
 (d) The Revolving Loans comprising each EURIBOR Borrowing shall bear interest at the 

EURIBO Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 
 (e) The Revolving Loans comprising each SONIA Rate Loan shall bear interest at Adjusted 

Daily Simple SONIA plus the Applicable Rate. 
 
 (f) (e) Each Protective Advance and each Overadvance made to the U.S. Borrowers shall 

bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for ABR Loans plus 2 .	Each 

Protective Advance made to the Canadian Borrowers shall bear interest at (i) if it is in Canadian Dollars, the Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Canadian Prime Rate Loans plus 2 ; and (ii) if it is in U.S. Dollars, the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for ABR Loans plus 2 . 
 
 (g) (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an 

Event of Default, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower Representative, declare that (i) all Loans shall bear interest at 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loans as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount outstanding hereunder, such amount shall accrue at 2 plus the rate applicable to such fee or other obligation as provided hereunder; provided , that (x) the default rate of interest set forth in this clause (f) shall apply automatically and without notice to the Borrower Representative upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default under clauses (a), (h) or (i) of Article VII and (y) application of the default rate of interest pursuant to this clause (f) may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 9.02 requiring the consent of each Lender affected thereby for reductions in interest rates. 
 
 (h) (g) Accrued interest on each Loan (for ABR Loans and any Canadian Prime Rate Loans, 

accrued through the last day of the prior calendar month) shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon termination of the Commitments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (f) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any LIBOR Loan, CDOR Loan or EURIBOR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 
 (i) (h) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except 

that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate and the CDOR Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and interest computed by reference to Sterling shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days, and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Adjusted LIBO Rate, LIBO Rate, CDOR Rate, EURIBO Rate, Canadian Prime Rate or , Alternate Base Rate or Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. For the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), the yearly rate of interest to which any rate calculated on the basis of a period of time different from the actual number of days in the year (360 days, for example) is equivalent is the stated rate multiplied by the actual number of days in the year (365 or 366, as applicable) and divided by the number of days in the shorter period (360 days, in the example). The Canadian Loan Parties acknowledge that there is a material distinction between the nominal and effective rates of interest and that they are capable of making the calculations necessary to compare such rates and that the calculations herein are to be made using the nominal rate method and not on any basis that gives effect to the principle of deemed reinvestment of interest. Each of the Canadian Loan Parties confirms that they fully understand and are able to calculate the rate of interest applicable to the Canadian Secured Obligations based on the methodology for calculating per annum rates provided for in this Agreement. Each of the Canadian Loan Parties hereby irrevocably agrees not to plead or assert, whether by way of defense or otherwise, in any proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, that the interest payable under this Agreement and the calculation thereof has not been adequately disclosed to the Canadian Loan Parties as required pursuant to Section 4 of the Interest Act (Canada). 
 
 (j) (i) All interest hereunder shall be paid in the currency in which the Loan giving rise to 

such interest is denominated. 

SECTION 2.14	 Alternate Rate of Interest; Illegality . 
 
 (a) If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a LIBOR Borrowing, a CDOR 

Borrowing or a EURIBOR Borrowing in any currency , or the commencement of a SONIA Borrowing : 
 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive 

and binding absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Rate, LIBO Rate, CDOR Rate or , EURIBO Rate or Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA , as the case may be, for such currency or in respect of a Loan in such currency for such Interest Period , if applicable ; or 
 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Adjusted 

LIBO Rate, LIBO Rate, CDOR Rate or , EURIBO Rate or Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA , as the case may be, for such currency or in respect of a Loan in such currency for such Interest Period , if applicable, will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining the Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period , if applicable ; 
 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower Representative and the Lenders by electronic communication as provided in Section 9.01 as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower Representative and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, an affected LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or a EURIBOR Borrowing, as the case may be, shall be ineffective, (ii) any affected LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or EURIBOR Borrowing that is requested to be continued shall (A) if denominated in U.S. Dollars, be continued as an ABR Borrowing or (B) otherwise, be repaid on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto and (iii) any Borrowing Request for an affected LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or a , EURIBOR Borrowing or a SONIA Borrowing shall (A) if denominated in U.S. Dollars, be deemed a request for an ABR Borrowing, (B) if denominated in Canadian Dollars, be deemed a request for a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing or (C) otherwise, be ineffective. 
 
 (b) If any Lender determines that any Requirement of Law has made it unlawful, or if any 

Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain, fund or continue any LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or , EURIBOR Borrowing or SONIA Borrowing , or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the Canadian interbank market or on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, dollars in the London interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower Representative through the Administrative Agent, any obligations of such Lender to make, maintain, fund or continue any LIBOR Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing or , EURIBOR Borrowing or SONIA Borrowing or to convert ABR Borrowings or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings to LIBOR Borrowings, CDOR Borrowings or EURIBOR Borrowings will be suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrowers will upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), either (A) if denominated in U.S. Dollars, convert all LIBOR Borrowings and EURIBOR Borrowings of such Lender to ABR Borrowings, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such LIBOR Borrowings or EURIBOR Borrowings to such day, or immediately, as regards CDOR Borrowings if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Loans, (B) if denominated in Canadian Dollars, convert all CDOR Borrowings of such Lender to, if to a Canadian Borrower, Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such CDOR Borrowings to such day, or immediately, if to a U.S. Borrower or if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain 

such Loans or (C) repay such LIBOR Borrowings, CDOR Borrowings and , EURIBOR Borrowings or SONIA Borrowing of such Lender, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor (or immediately in respect of SONIA Borrowings) , if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such LIBOR Borrowings, CDOR Borrowings or , EURIBOR Borrowings or SONIA Borrowing to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Loans. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers will also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
 
 (c) If at any time the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be 

conclusive absent manifest error) that (i) the circumstances set forth in clause (a)(i) have arisen and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or (ii) the circumstances set forth in clause (a)(i) have not arisen but either (w) the supervisor for the administrator of the LIBO Rate or SONIA has made a public statement that the administrator of the LIBO Rate or SONIA, as applicable, is insolvent (and there is no successor administrator that will continue publication of the LIBO Rate), (x) the administrator of the LIBO Rate or SONIA has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the LIBO Rate or SONIA will permanently or indefinitely cease to be published by it (and there is no successor administrator that will continue publication of the LIBOR Rate or SONIA ), (y) the supervisor for the administrator of the LIBO Rate or SONIA has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the LIBO Rate or SONIA will permanently or indefinitely cease to be published or (z) the supervisor for the administrator of the LIBO Rate or SONIA, or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the LIBO Rate or SONIA may no longer be used for determining interest rates for loans, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall endeavor to establish an alternate rate of interest to the LIBO Rate that gives due consideration to the then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for syndicated loans in the United States at such time, and shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement to reflect such alternate rate of interest and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 9.02, such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date notice of such alternate rate of interest is provided to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders of each Type of Loan stating that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. Until an alternate rate of interest shall be determined in accordance with this clause (c) (but, in the case of the circumstances described in clause (ii) of the first sentence of this Section 2.14(c), only to the extent the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period , or SONIA, as applicable, is not available or published at such time on a current basis), (x) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a LIBOR Borrowing or SONIA Borrowing, as applicable, shall be ineffective, and 
 (y) if any Borrowing Request requests a LIBOR Borrowing or SONIA Borrowing , such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing in U.S. Dollars ; provided that, if such alternate rate of interest shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement . 
 
 SECTION 2.15	 Increased Costs . (a) If any Change in Law shall: 
 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or 

similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate) or the Issuing Bank; 
 
 (ii) impose on any Lender or the Issuing Bank or the London or Canadian interbank 

market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; or 

(iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes 

described in clauses (b) through (e) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 
 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrowers will pay to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 
 (b) If any Lender or the Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital 

or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitment of, or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrowers will pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 
 (c) A certificate of a Lender or the Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts 

necessary to compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower Representative accompanied by a certificate setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts and upon such delivery of such items shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt thereof. 
 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing Bank to demand compensation 

pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower Representative of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 
 SECTION 2.16	 Break Funding Payments . In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of 
 any LIBOR Loan, CDOR Loan or EURIBOR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), (b) the conversion of any LIBOR Loan, CDOR Loan or EURIBOR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay 

any LIBOR Loan, CDOR Loan or EURIBOR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.09(d) and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (d) the assignment of any LIBOR Loan, CDOR Loan or EURIBOR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower Representative pursuant to Section 2.19 or Section 9.02(d), then, in any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense (excluding any loss of margin or profit therefrom) attributable to such event. Such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) with respect to a LIBOR Loan, CDOR Loan or EURIBOR Loan, the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted LIBO Rate, the CDOR Rate or the EURIBO Rate, as the case may be, that would have been applicable to such Loan (but not including the Applicable Rate, margin or profit applicable thereto), for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest that would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in the applicable currency of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the London, European or Canadian interbank market. A certificate of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower Representative and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt thereof. 
 
 SECTION 2.17	 Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up . (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all 
 payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers . The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the 

relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 
 
 (c) Evidence of Payment . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan 

Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (d) Indemnification by the Loan Parties .	The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally 

indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. 

A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Loan Party by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 (e) Indemnification by the Lenders .	Each Lender shall severally indemnify the 

Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case under this Section 2.17(e), that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 
 (f) Status of Lenders . (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of 

withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Borrower 

is a U.S. Person, 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent), an executed IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, 

deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an 

income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or successor form), establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or successor form), establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 
 
 (2) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of 

credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed IRS Form W-8ECI; 
 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the 

exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of a Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) an executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or successor form); or 
 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the Beneficial Owner, 

executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or successor form), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 or Exhibit G-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each Beneficial Owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, 

deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
 
 (C) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be 

subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall 

deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 
 (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in 

good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This paragraph (g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 
 (h) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or 

replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 
 (i) Defined Terms .	For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Lender includes any 

Issuing Bank and the term applicable law includes FATCA. 
 
 SECTION 2.18	 Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Set-offs . (a) The 
 Borrowers shall make each payment required to be made by them hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, Section 
 2.16 or Section 2.17, or otherwise) prior to 3:00 p.m., New York time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 10 South Dearborn Street, Floor L2, Chicago, Illinois, or as 

otherwise directed by the Administrative Agent, except payments to be made directly to an Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Section 2.15, Section 2.16, Section 2.17 and Section 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder of principal or interest in respect of any Loan shall, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, be made in the currency of such Loan, all payments in respect of LC Disbursements shall, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, be made in the currency applicable to such Letter of Credit and all other payments hereunder and under each other Loan Document shall be made in U.S. Dollars. 
 
 (b) Any proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent (i) not constituting 

either (A) a specific payment of principal, interest, fees or other sum payable under the Loan Documents (which prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default shall be applied as specified by the Borrowers) or 
 (B) amounts to be applied from a Concentration Account during a Dominion Period (which shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.10(b)) or (ii) after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent so elects or the Required Lenders so direct, shall be applied ratably first , to pay any fees, indemnities, or expense reimbursements then due to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks from the Borrowers (other than in connection with Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations), second , to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements then due to the Lenders from the Borrowers (other than in connection with Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations), third , to pay interest due in respect of the Overadvances and Protective Advances, fourth , to pay the principal of the Overadvances and Protective Advances, fifth , to pay interest then due and payable on the Loans (other than the Overadvances and Protective Advances) ratably, sixth , to prepay principal on the Loans (other than the Overadvances and Protective Advances) and unreimbursed LC Disbursements ratably, seventh , to Cash Collateralize all outstanding Letters of Credit, eighth , ratably to the payment of any amounts owing with respect to Banking Services Obligations (other than Specified L/C Obligations) and Swap Agreement Obligations for which Banking Services/Swap Reserves have been established but only up to the amount of such Banking Services/Swap Reserves, ninth , to payment of any amounts owing with respect to Banking Services Obligations (other than Specified L/C Obligations) and Swap Agreement Obligations not paid pursuant to clause eighth above up to and including the amount most recently provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.22, tenth , to the payment of any other Secured Obligation (other than Specified L/C Obligations), and eleventh , to payment or cash collateralization of all Specified L/C Obligations, by deposit in U.S. Dollars in an account with the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the holders of the Specified L/C Obligations, up to and including the amount most recently provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.22. Notwithstanding the foregoing amounts received from (i) any Loan Party shall not be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligation of such Loan Party and (ii) any Canadian Loan Party shall not be applied to any Secured Obligation other than the Canadian Secured Obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, unless so directed by the Borrower Representative, or unless an Event of Default (or a Default under any of clauses (a), (b), (h), (i) or (j) of Article VII) is in existence, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall apply any payment which it receives to any LIBOR Loan or CDOR Loan, except (a) on the expiration date of the Interest Period applicable thereto or (b) in the event, and only to the extent, that there are no outstanding ABR Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, respectively, of the same Type, and, in any such event, the Borrowers shall pay the break funding payment required in accordance with Section 2.16. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply and reverse and reapply any and all such proceeds and payments to any portion of the Secured Obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) any such application of proceeds from Collateral of the U.S. Loan 

Parties (which at the time of remittance to the Administrative Agent are either identified as such by the Loan Parties or known as such by the Administrative Agent) shall be applied to the Secured Obligations (other than the Canadian Secured Obligations) before being applied to any of the Canadian Secured Obligations and then to the Canadian Secured Obligations, and (y) any such application of proceeds from Collateral of the Canadian Loan Parties (which at the time of remittance to the Administrative Agent are either identified as such by the Loan Parties or known as such by the Administrative Agent) shall be applied solely to the Canadian Secured Obligations. 
 
 (c) At the election of the Administrative Agent, all payments of principal, interest, LC 

Disbursements, fees, premiums, reasonable and documented reimbursable expenses (including, without limitation, all reimbursement for fees, costs and expenses pursuant to Section 9.03), and other sums payable under the Loan Documents, may be paid from the proceeds of Borrowings made hereunder whether made following a request by the Borrower Representative pursuant to Section 2.03 or a deemed request as provided in this Section or may be deducted from the specific deposit account of the Borrower Representative maintained with the Administrative Agent and previously identified in writing to the Administrative Agent; provided that, in the case of any deemed request (other than a payment of principal, interest, LC Disbursements, and fees due under this Agreement), the Administrative Agent shall have provided the Borrower Representative prior written notice that such sums are due and payable, the amount thereof and the date payment is requested to be made; provided further that, proceeds of any Borrowings of the Canadian Borrowers and proceeds deducted from any Deposit Account of the Canadian Borrowers shall be used to pay only the Canadian Secured Obligations. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes (i) the Administrative Agent to make a Borrowing for the purpose of paying each payment referred to in the preceding sentence on or after the date such payment is due and payable and agrees that all such amounts charged shall constitute Loans (including Swingline Loans and Overadvances, but such a Borrowing may only constitute a Protective Advance if it is to reimburse costs, fees and expenses as described in Section 9.03) and that all such Borrowings shall be deemed to have been requested pursuant to Section 2.03, Section 2.04 or Section 2.05, as applicable, and (ii) the Administrative Agent to charge the specific deposit account of the Borrower Representative previously identified in writing to the Administrative Agent (other than, so long as no Dominion Period is in effect or no Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing, any deposit account, including any Excluded Account) maintained with the Administrative Agent for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents; provided that, proceeds of any Borrowings of the Canadian Borrowers and proceeds deducted from any Deposit Account of the Canadian Loan Parties shall be used to pay only the Canadian Secured Obligations. 
 
 (d) If, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any Lender shall, by exercising any 

right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other similarly situated Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by all such Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrowers pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the 

Borrowers or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 
 (e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower 

Representative prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrowers will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrowers have made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrowers have not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 
 (f) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it hereunder, then 

the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender hereunder. Application of amounts pursuant to (i) and (ii) above shall be made in any order determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 
 (g) The Administrative Agent may from time to time provide the Borrowers with account 

statements or invoices with respect to any of the Secured Obligations (the Statements ). The Administrative Agent is under no duty or obligation to provide Statements, which, if provided, will be solely for the Borrowers convenience. The Statements may contain estimates of the amounts owed during the relevant billing period, whether of principal, interest, fees or other Secured Obligations. If the Borrowers pay the full amount indicated on a Statement on or before the due date indicated on such Statement, the Borrowers shall not be in default of payment with respect to the billing period indicated on such Statement; provided, that acceptance by the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, of any payment that is less than the total amount actually due at that time (including but not limited to any past due amounts) shall not constitute a waiver of the Administrative Agent s or the Lenders right to receive payment in full at another time. 
 
 SECTION 2.19	 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . 
 
 (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrowers are required 

to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or Section 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. 
 
 (b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrowers are required 

to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the 

account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrowers may, at their sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.15 or Section 2.17) and obligations under this Agreement and other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) if the assignee is not already a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, the Borrowers shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and in circumstances where its consent would be required under Section 9.04, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and funded participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrowers (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 
 SECTION 2.20	 Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the 
 contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender:fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a); 
 
 (b) such Defaulting Lender shall not have the right to vote on any issue on which voting is 

required (other than to the extent expressly provided in Section 9.02(b)) and the Commitment and Revolving Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02) or under any other Loan Document; provided, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, this clause (b) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby; 
 
 (c) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time a Lender becomes a 

Defaulting Lender then: 
 
 (i) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting 

Lender shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that (x) the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower Representative shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time) and (y) to the extent that such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Exposure to exceed its Commitment; 
 
 (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be 

effected, then within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first , the Borrowers shall prepay such Swingline Exposure, and (y) second , the Borrowers shall Cash Collateralize, for the benefit of the Issuing Bank, the Borrowers obligations corresponding to 

such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding; 
 
 (iii) if the Borrowers Cash Collateralize any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC 

Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is Cash Collateralized; 
 
 (iv) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to 

clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages; and 
 
 (v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither 

reallocated nor Cash Collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or Cash Collateralized; and 
 
 (d) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required 

to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend, renew, extend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and such Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrowers in accordance with Section 2.20(c), and participating interests in any such newly made Swingline Loan or newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.20(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 
 If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-in Action with respect to the Parent of any Lender shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrowers or such Lender, satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 
 In the event that each of the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on the date of such readjustment such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 
 SECTION 2.21	 Returned Payments . If after receipt of any payment which is applied to the 
 payment of all or any part of the Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff), the Administrative Agent or any Lender is for any reason compelled to surrender such payment or proceeds to any Person because such payment or application of proceeds is invalidated, declared fraudulent, set aside, determined to be void or voidable as a preference, impermissible setoff, or a 

diversion of trust funds, or for any other reason (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion), then the Obligations or part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued and this Agreement shall continue in full force as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by the Administrative Agent or such Lender. The provisions of this Section 2.21 shall be and remain effective notwithstanding any contrary action which may have been taken by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in reliance upon such payment or application of proceeds. The provisions of this Section 2.21 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 2.22	 Banking Services and Swap Agreements . Each Lender or Affiliate thereof 
 providing Banking Services for, or having Swap Agreements with, any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, promptly after entering into such Banking Services or Swap Agreements, written notice setting forth the aggregate amount of all Banking Services Obligations and Swap Agreement Obligations of such Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof to such Lender or Affiliate (whether matured or unmatured, absolute or contingent). In addition, each such Lender or Affiliate thereof shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, from time to time after a significant change therein or upon a request therefor, a summary of the amounts due or to become due in respect of such Banking Services Obligations and Swap Agreement Obligations. The most recent information provided to the Administrative Agent shall be used in determining the amounts to be applied in respect of such Banking Services Obligations and/or Swap Agreement Obligations pursuant to Section 2.18(b). 
 
 SECTION 2.23	 Access Rights . Each Loan Party shall provide the Administrative Agent, on 
 behalf of itself and the Lenders and other Secured Parties, such access rights, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to any parcel or item or other property of such Loan Party and each Subsidiary which is reasonably necessary to enable the Administrative Agent during normal business hours to: (i) in the event a Borrower manufactures inventory, convert Collateral consisting of raw materials and work-in-process into saleable finished goods and/or to transport such Collateral to a point where such conversion can occur (to the extent applicable), (ii) otherwise prepare Collateral for sale and/or to arrange or effect the sale of Collateral, all in accordance with the manner in which such matters are completed in the ordinary course of business (such Property, the Collateral-Related Property ); provided however that, to the extent any such Collateral-Related Property consists of leasehold interests or other items or property which are not owned by a Loan Party, Loan Parties shall only be required herein to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such access rights. Subject to applicable law and/or the applicable Collateral Access Agreements, Administrative Agent and its agents, representatives and designees shall have an irrevocable, non-exclusive right to have access to, and a rent-free right to use, the relevant Collateral-Related Property of the Loan Parties for the purposes described above. The Administrative Agent shall take proper and reasonable care under the circumstances of any Collateral-Related Property that is used by the Administrative Agent and repair and replace any damage (ordinary wear-and-tear excepted) caused by the Administrative Agent or its agents, representatives or designees and the Administrative Agent shall comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and applicable Collateral Access Agreements in connection with its use or occupancy or possession of the Collateral-Related Property. The Administrative Agent shall indemnify and hold harmless the Loan Parties for any injury or damage to Persons or property (ordinary wear-and-tear excepted) caused by the acts or omissions of Persons under its control; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the other Secured Parties will not be liable for any diminution in the value of Collateral-Related Property caused by the absence of the Collateral therefrom. The Loan Parties shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to, sell, remove or dispose of any of the Collateral-Related Property if such Collateral-Related Property is reasonably necessary to enable the Administrative Agent to convert, transport or arrange to sell the Collateral as described above, unless the Administrative Agent shall have approved satisfactory replacement arrangements in relation to the rights and remedies of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent in respect of Collateral affected by any proposed sale, removal or 

disposition as evidenced by the prior written confirmation thereof by the Administrative Agent delivered to the Borrower Representative. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 Representations and Warranties Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 
 SECTION 3.01	 Organization; Powers . Each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary is 
 duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business, and is in good standing, in every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. 
 
 SECTION 3.02	 Authorization; Enforceability .	The Transactions are within each Loan 
 Party s organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders. Each Loan Document to which each Loan Party is a party has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 
 SECTION 3.03	 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts . The Transactions (a) do not require 
 any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except for filings necessary to perfect Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents, (b) will not violate any Requirement of Law applicable to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or the assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent such violation, default, or payment, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, except Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
 
 SECTION 3.04	 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change . (a) The Company has 
 heretofore furnished to the Lenders its consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2018, reported on by Deloitte Touche, independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended April 30, 2018, certified by its chief financial officer. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above. 
 
 (b)	No event, change or condition has occurred that has had, or could reasonably be expected 
 to have, a Material Adverse Effect, since January 31, 2018. 
 
 SECTION 3.05	 Properties . (a) As of the Effective Date, Exhibit A of the applicable Security 
 Agreements sets forth the address of each parcel of real property that is owned or leased by any Loan 

Party. Each of such leases and subleases is valid and enforceable in accordance with its terms and is in full force and effect, and no default by any party to any such lease or sublease exists, except to the extent the failure of the foregoing to be true could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Loan Parties and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries has good and indefeasible title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of its material real and personal property, free of all Liens other than those permitted by Section 6.02. 
 
 (b)	(i) Each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary owns, or is licensed to use, all 
 trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents, industrial designs and other intellectual property necessary to its business as currently conducted, and, except to the extent such infringement would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the use thereof by each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary does not infringe in any respect upon the rights of any other Person; and (ii) each Loan Party s and each Restricted Subsidiary s rights thereto are not subject to any licensing agreement or similar arrangement (other than (A) restrictions relating to software licenses that may limit such Loan Party s ability to transfer or assign any such agreement to a third party and (B) licensing agreements or similar agreements that do not materially impair the ability of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to avail themselves of their rights of disposal and other rights granted under the Collateral Documents in respect of Inventory), provided that the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a copy of each such agreement, at least ten (10) Business Days in advance of the effectiveness thereof, that may impair such ability of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders. 
 
 SECTION 3.06	 Litigation and Environmental Matters . (a) There are no actions, suits or 
 proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, pending or threatened against or affecting any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters) or (ii) that involve any Loan Document or the Transactions. 
 
 (b)	Except for the Disclosed Matters and any other matters that, individually or in the 
 aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (i) no Loan Party or any Subsidiary has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (B) has incurred any Environmental Liability, (C) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (D) has knowledge of any Environmental Liability. 
 
 SECTION 3.07	 Compliance with Laws and Agreements; No Default .	Except where the 
 failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary is in compliance with (i) all Requirement of Law applicable to it or its property and (ii) all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property. No Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 SECTION 3.08	 Investment Company Status .	No Loan Party or any Subsidiary is or is 
 required to register as an investment company as such term is defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 
 SECTION 3.09	 Taxes . Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary has timely filed or caused to be 
 filed all federal, state, provincial, local and foreign income and franchise and other material Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or 
 (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No 

Tax liens have been filed and no claims are being asserted with respect to any such Taxes in an aggregate amount in excess of 5,000,000. 
 
 SECTION 3.10	 ERISA; Canadian Pension Plans . 
 
 (a) Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a 

Material Adverse Effect, (i) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur, (ii) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA and (iii) on the Effective Date, the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Accounting Standards Topic No. 715) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair value of the assets of such Plan, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans that are subject to Title IV of ERISA (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Accounting Standards Topic No. 715) did not, as of the date or dates of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair value of the assets of all such underfunded Plans. 
 
 (b) Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a 

Material Adverse Effect, with respect to any Foreign Plan, (i) all employer and employee contributions required by law or by the terms of the Foreign Plan have been made, or, if applicable, accrued, in accordance with normal accounting practices; (ii) the fair market value of the assets of each funded Foreign Plan, the liability of each insurer for any Foreign Plan funded through insurance, or the book reserve established for any Foreign Plan, together with any accrued contributions, is not less than 80 of the accrued benefit obligations with respect to all current and former participants in such Foreign Plan according to the actuarial assumptions and valuations most recently used to account for such obligations in accordance with applicable generally accepted accounting principles; and (iii) it has been registered as required and has been maintained in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities. 
 
 (c) Schedule 3.10 lists as of the Effective Date all Canadian Benefit Plans currently 

maintained or contributed to by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries. As of the Effective Date, there are no Canadian Pension Plans. Each hereafter adopted Canadian Pension Plans shall be duly registered under the ITA and all other applicable laws which require registration. Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Loan Party and each of their Subsidiaries has complied with and performed all of its obligations under and in respect of the Canadian Pension Plans, if any, and Canadian Benefit Plans under the terms thereof, any funding agreements and all applicable laws (including any fiduciary, funding, investment and administration obligations), (ii) all employer and employee payments, contributions or premiums to be remitted, paid to or in respect of each Canadian Pension Plan, if any, or Canadian Benefit Plan have been paid in a timely fashion in accordance with the terms thereof, any funding agreement and all applicable laws, (iii) there have been no improper withdrawals or applications of the assets of the Canadian Pension Plans, if any, or the Canadian Benefit Plans, and (iv) no facts or circumstances have occurred or existed that have resulted, or could be reasonably anticipated to result, in the declaration of a termination of any Canadian Pension Plan, if any, by any Governmental Authority under applicable laws except where such facts or circumstances could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No promises of benefit improvements under the Canadian Pension Plans, if any, or the Canadian Benefit Plans have been made except where such improvement could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no outstanding disputes concerning the assets of the Canadian Pension Plans, if any, or the Canadian Benefit Plans which could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party maintains or contributes to or is liable under, or has in the past maintained or contributed to or been liable under, any Canadian Defined Benefit Plans. 

SECTION 3.11	 Disclosure . 
 
 (a) The Loan Parties have disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and 

corporate or other restrictions to which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. All reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) other than projections, other forward-looking information and information of a general economic or industry specific nature, when taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time delivered and, if such projected financial information was delivered prior to the Effective Date, as of the Effective Date (it being understood that the projections are subject to inherent uncertainties and contingencies, which may be outside the control of any Loan Party and that no assurances can be given that such projected financial information will be realized). 
 
 (b) As of the Closing Date, the information included in any Lender s Beneficial Ownership 

Certification is true and correct in all respects. 
 
 SECTION 3.12	 Reserved . 
 
 SECTION 3.13	 Solvency . (a) Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to 
 occur on the Effective Date, (i) the fair value of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, at a fair valuation, will exceed its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (iii) the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; (iv) the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which they are engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted after the Effective Date; and (v) no Canadian Loan Party shall be an insolvent person as such term is defined in the BIA. 
 
 (b)	No Loan Party intends to, nor will permit any Subsidiary to, and no Loan Party believes 
 that it or any Subsidiary will, incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature, taking into account the timing of and amounts of cash to be received by it or any such Subsidiary and the timing of the amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its Indebtedness or the Indebtedness of any such Subsidiary. 
 
 SECTION 3.14	 Insurance . Exhibit E of the Security Agreement sets forth a description of all 
 insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date. As of the Effective Date, all premiums in respect of such insurance have been paid. Each Borrower maintains, and has caused each Restricted Subsidiary to maintain, with insurance companies with an AM Best rating of A- or better, insurance on all their real and personal property in such amounts, 

subject to such deductibles and self-insurance retentions and covering such properties and risks as are adequate and customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 
 
 SECTION 3.15	 Capitalization and Subsidiaries . Schedule 3.15 sets forth (a) a correct and 
 complete list of the name and relationship to the Company of each and all of the Company s Subsidiaries, 
 (b) a true and complete listing of each class of authorized Equity Interests owned by the Company or any Subsidiary in each Subsidiary, all of which issued Equity Interests are validly issued, outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable, and owned beneficially and of record by the Persons identified on Schedule 3.15 , (c) the type of entity of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and (d) whether any such Subsidiary is a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary. All of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests owned by any Loan Party have been (to the extent such concepts are relevant with respect to such ownership interests) duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. As of the Effective Date, there are no outstanding stock purchase warrants, subscriptions, options, securities, instruments or other rights of any type or nature whatsoever, which are convertible into, exchangeable for or otherwise provide for or permit the issuance of capital stock of any Subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 SECTION 3.16	 Security Interest in Collateral . The provisions of this Agreement and the 
 other Loan Documents create legal and valid Liens on all of the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), securing the Secured Obligations and, constitute perfected and continuing Liens on the Collateral (to the extent such Liens can be perfected by possession, by filing a UCC or PPSA financing statement or equivalent under each applicable jurisdiction, or by a control agreement), securing the applicable Secured Obligations, enforceable against the applicable Loan Party, and having priority over all other Liens on the Collateral except in the case of (x) Liens permitted by Section 6.02, to the extent any such Liens would have priority over the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to any applicable law or an agreement permitted hereunder, (y) Liens perfected only by possession (including possession of any certificate of title) to the extent the Administrative Agent has not obtained or does not maintain possession of such Collateral and (z) Liens perfected only by control, filing or recording to the extent that the Administrative Agent has not obtained control or has not recorded such Lien. 
 
 SECTION 3.17	 Employment Matters .	Except as could not reasonably be expected, 
 individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) there are no strikes, lockouts, slowdowns or any other labor disputes against the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, (ii) the hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 or any other applicable federal, state, provincial, municipal, local or foreign law dealing with such matters and (iii) all payments due from the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, or for which any claim may be made against the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the Company or such Subsidiary to the extent required under GAAP. The consummation of the Transactions does not give rise to any right of termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement to which the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary is bound. 
 
 SECTION 3.18	 Federal Reserve Regulations . No part of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter 
 of Credit has been used or will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. 
 
 SECTION 3.19	 Reserved . 

SECTION 3.20	 No Burdensome Restrictions . No Loan Party is subject to any Burdensome 
 Restrictions except Burdensome Restrictions permitted under Section 6.10. 
 
 SECTION 3.21	 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions; Etc. The Company has implemented and 
 maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by each Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws. applicable Sanctions, and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, and each Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors and, to the knowledge of the Company, its employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective officers, or (b) to the knowledge of any such Loan Party or Subsidiary, any of their respective directors, employees or agents of such Loan Party or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds, Transaction or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will violate Anti-Corruption Laws, applicable Sanctions, or anti-money laundering rules and regulations. 
 
 SECTION 3.22	 Common Enterprise . The successful operation and condition of each of the 
 Loan Parties is dependent on the continued successful performance of the functions of the group of the Loan Parties as a whole and the successful operation of each of the Loan Parties is dependent on the successful performance and operation of each other Loan Party. Each Loan Party expects to derive benefit (and its board of directors or other governing body has determined that it may reasonably be expected to derive benefit), directly and indirectly, from (i) successful operations of each of the other Loan Parties and (ii) the credit extended by the Lenders to the Borrowers hereunder, both in their separate capacities and as members of the group of companies. Each Loan Party has determined that execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and any other Loan Documents to be executed by such Loan Party is within its purpose, in furtherance of its direct and/or indirect business interests, will be of direct and/or indirect benefit to such Loan Party, and is in its best interest. 
 
 SECTION 3.23	 Credit Card Agreements . Schedule 3.23 (as updated from time to time as 
 permitted by Section 5.17) sets forth a list of all Credit Card Agreements to which any Loan Party is a party. A true and complete copy of each Credit Card Agreement listed on Schedule 3.23 has been delivered to the Administrative Agent, together with all material amendments, waivers and other modifications thereto; provided that the Loan Parties shall deliver any such amendment, waiver or other modification to the Administrative Agent within thirty days after the effectiveness of such amendment, waiver or other modification (or as such time may be extended in writing in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion). All such Credit Card Agreements are in full force and effect, currently binding upon each Loan Party that is a party thereto and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, binding upon other parties thereto in accordance with their terms. The Loan Parties are in compliance in all material respects with each such Credit Card Agreement. 

SECTION 3.24	 EEA Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an EEA Financial Institution. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 Conditions 
 
 SECTION 4.01	 Effective Date . The Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in full as set forth herein effective on the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02): 

(a) Credit Agreement and Other Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) 

shall have received (i) from each party hereto either (A) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile or other electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement, (ii) either (A) a counterpart of each other Loan Document signed on behalf of each party thereto or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile or other electronic transmission of a signed signature page thereof) that each such party has signed a counterpart of such Loan Document and (iii) such other certificates, documents, instruments and agreements as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including any promissory notes requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10 payable to each such requesting Lender, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 
 
 (b) Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have received a written opinion of (i) Drinker 

Biddle Reath LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties (together with, where not covered by such opinion, opinions of local counsel where each Loan Party is organized), and (ii) Dentons Canada LLP, counsel to the Canadian Loan Parties together with, where not covered by such opinion, opinions of local counsel where each Canadian Loan Party is organized, has its chief executive office or registered office or maintains any Collateral), in each case addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 
 
 (c) Financial Statements and Projections .	The Lenders shall have received (i) audited 

consolidated financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2018, (ii) unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of each fiscal quarter ended after the date of the latest applicable financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph as to which such financial statements are available, and such financial statements shall not, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, reflect any material adverse change in the consolidated financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as reflected in the audited consolidated financial statements described in clause (i) of this paragraph, and (iii) the Company s most recent projected income statement, balance sheet and cash flows through the end of the Company s fiscal year ending January 2021. 
 
 (d) Closing Certificates; Certified Certificate of Incorporation; Good Standing Certificates . 

The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Effective Date and executed by its Secretary or Assistant Secretary, which shall (A) certify the resolutions of its Board of Directors, members or other body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the Responsible Officers of such Loan Party authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Company, its Financial Officer, and (C) contain appropriate attachments, including the certificate or articles of incorporation or organization of each Loan Party certified by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party and a true and correct copy of its by-laws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents and (ii) a good standing certificate for (A) each Loan Party from its jurisdiction of organization or the substantive equivalent available in the jurisdiction of organization for each Loan Party and (B) URBN Canada from the jurisdiction(s) that its registered office and chief executive office is located, in each case, from the appropriate governmental officer in such jurisdiction. 
 
 (e) Collateral and Guaranty Requirement .	Subject to Section 5.18, the Collateral and 

Guaranty Requirement shall have been satisfied with respect to all Designated Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date. 

(f) No Default Certificate .	The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, 

signed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative, dated as of the Effective Date (i) stating that no Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) stating that the representations and warranties contained in Article III are true and correct as of such date (or if qualified by materiality and Material Adverse Effect or similar language, in all respects (after giving effect to such qualification)) and (iii) certifying as to any other factual matters as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (g) Fees . The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to 

be paid, and all expenses for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel), on or before the Effective Date. 
 
 (h) Lien Searches . The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of a recent lien 

search in each jurisdiction where the Loan Parties are organized and where a material portion of the assets of the Loan Parties are located, and such search shall reveal no Liens on any of the assets of the Loan Parties except for Liens permitted by Section 6.02 or to be discharged on or prior to the Effective Date pursuant to a pay-off letter or other documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (i) [Reserved] . 

(j) Funding Account . The Administrative Agent shall have received a notice setting forth 

the Funding Accounts to which the Administrative Agent is authorized by the Borrowers to transfer the proceeds of any Borrowings requested or authorized pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 (k) Customer List .	The Administrative Agent shall have received a true and complete 

customer list for each Borrower and its Subsidiaries with respect to each Eligible Trade Account, which list shall state the customer s name, mailing address and phone number (or, in the alternative, email address) and shall be certified as true and correct by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative. 
 
 (l) Control Agreements .	Subject to Section 5.18, the Administrative Agent shall have 

received each Control Agreement required to be provided pursuant to the Security Agreements. 
 
 (m) Credit Card Notifications . The Administrative Agent shall have received copies of duly 

executed Credit Card Notifications with respect to all Eligible Credit Card Accounts. 
 
 (n) Solvency . The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate, in form 

and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, from a Financial Officer of the Company dated the Effective Date. 
 
 (o) Borrowing Base Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing 

Base Certificate which calculates each Borrowing Base as of the end of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the Effective Date. 
 
 (p) Closing Availability . After giving effect to all Borrowings to be made on the Effective 

Date, the issuance of any Letters of Credit on the Effective Date, including the deemed issuance of Existing Letters of Credit, and the payment of all fees and expenses due hereunder, and with all of the Loan Parties Indebtedness (other than Specified L/C Obligations), liabilities, and obligations current (excluding, in each case, current accounts payable to the extent excluded from Indebtedness), Aggregate Availability shall not be less than 125,000,000. 
 
 (q) Pledged Equity Interests; Stock Powers; Pledged Notes . The Administrative Agent shall 

have received (i) the certificates representing the Equity Interests pledged pursuant to the Security 

Agreement, together with an undated stock power for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof and (ii) each promissory note (if any) pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by an executed transfer form in blank) by the pledgor thereof. 
 
 (r) Filings, Registrations and Recordings . Each document (including any UCC financing 

statement) required by the Collateral Documents or under law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of itself, the Lenders and the other Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 6.02), shall be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation and each PPSA financing statement and deed of movable hypothec shall have been filed or registered and the Administrative Agent shall have received certified or verified filed or registered copies thereof. 
 
 (s) Insurance . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence of insurance coverage 

in form, scope, and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and otherwise in compliance with the terms of Section 5.10 hereof. 
 
 (t) Letter of Credit Application .	If a Letter of Credit is requested to be issued on the 

Effective Date, the applicable Issuing Bank shall have received a properly completed letter of credit application (whether standalone or pursuant to a master agreement, as applicable). The Borrowers shall have executed the Issuing Bank s master agreement for the issuance of commercial Letters of Credit. 
 
 (u) Tax Withholding . The Administrative Agent shall have received a properly completed 

and signed IRS Form W-8 or W-9, as applicable, for each Loan Party. 
 
 (v) Corporate Structure . The corporate structure, capital structure and other material debt 

instruments, material accounts and governing documents of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (w) Field Examination . The Administrative Agent or its designee shall have conducted a 

field examination of the Borrowers Accounts, Credit Card Accounts, Inventory and related working capital matters and of the Borrowers related data processing and other systems, the results of which shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (x) Legal Due Diligence . The Administrative Agent and its counsel shall have completed all 

legal due diligence, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Administrative Agent. 
 
 (y) Inventory Appraisal(s) . The Administrative Agent shall have received an appraisal of the 

Borrowers Inventory from one or more firms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which appraisal shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (z) USA PATRIOT Act, Etc .	 The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have 

received (i) all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and AML Legislation, for each Loan Party and (ii) to the extent any Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification for such Lender in relation to such Borrowers . 
 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrowers, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 

SECTION 4.02	 Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the 
 occasion of any Borrowing, and of the Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 
 
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Loan Documents 

shall be true and correct in all material respects (provided that such materiality qualifications shall not apply in respect of any Borrowing and issuance or deemed issuance of a Letter of Credit under this Agreement on the Effective Date) with the same effect as though made on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable (it being understood and agreed that (i) any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, (ii) any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects, (iii) any representation or warranty which is no longer true and correct to the extent resulting from changes after the Effective Date from any actions, sales, mergers, amalgamations, acquisitions, dispositions or other transactions permitted under this Agreement shall have been updated by delivery by the Company to the Administrative Agent of updated disclosure schedules reflecting such changes upon the request of the Administrative Agent, not more frequently than quarterly and (iv) any representation or warranty in Section 3.15 which is no longer true and correct to the extent resulting from changes after the Effective Date from any actions, sales, mergers, amalgamations, acquisitions, dispositions or other transactions permitted under this Agreement shall have been updated by delivery by the Company to the Administrative Agent of an updated Schedule 3.15 reflecting such changes); 
 
 (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, 

amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and 
 
 (c) After giving effect to any Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension 

of any Letter of Credit, the Borrowers shall be in compliance with the Revolving Exposure Limitations. 
 
 Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrowers on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a), (b), and (c) of this Section. 
 
 Notwithstanding the failure to satisfy the conditions precedent set forth in paragraphs (a) or (b) of this Section, unless otherwise directed by the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, but shall have no obligation to, continue to make Loans and an Issuing Bank may, but shall have no obligation to, issue, amend, renew or extend, or cause to be issued, amended, renewed or extended, any Letter of Credit for the ratable account and risk of the Lenders from time to time if the Administrative Agent believes that making such Loans or issuing, amending, renewing or extending, or causing the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of, any such Letter of Credit is in the best interests of the Lenders. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 Affirmative Covenants 
 
 Until the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under any Loan Document (other than contingent or indemnity obligations for which no claim has been made) shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or have been Cash Collateralized pursuant to the terms hereof or terminated, in each case without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been 

reimbursed, each Loan Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lenders that: 
 
 SECTION 5.01	 Financial Statements; Borrowing Bases and Other Information .	The 
 Borrower Representative will furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to each Lender: 
 
 (a) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, its audited consolidated 

balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, accompanied by any management letter prepared by said accountants; 
 
 (b) within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of 

the Company, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer of the Company as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 
 
 (c) during any period (i) commencing on the date when Aggregate Availability is less than 

the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level II) and (ii) ending on the date when Aggregate Availability shall have been equal to or greater than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level II) for a period of 60 consecutive days, within 30 days after the end of each fiscal month of the Company, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal month and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer of the Company as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 
 
 (d) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a), (b) or (c) above, a 

Compliance Certificate, which shall (i) when delivered concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements delivered under clause (b) or (c), certify that such financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes, (ii) certify as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (iii) set forth reasonably detailed calculations of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (whether or not required to be tested pursuant to Section 6.12) and, if applicable, demonstrating compliance with Section 6.12, and (iv) state whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate, (v) set forth the full legal name of each Loan Party and its jurisdiction of organization, and describe whether, since the later of the Effective Date and the date of the last Compliance Certificate, any 

such Loan Party shall have (A) changed its name as it appears in official filings in the state of incorporation or organization, (B) changed its chief executive office, (C) changed the type of entity that it is, (D) change its organization identification number, if any, issued by its state of incorporation or other organization, or (E) changed its state of incorporation or organization; 
 
 (e) Reserved; 

(f) no later than sixty (60) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, a copy of 

the plan and forecast (including a projected consolidated balance sheet, income statement and funds flow statement) of the Company for each quarter (or each month, if requested by the Administrative Agent) of such fiscal year (the Projections in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 
 
 (g) on or before each Borrowing Base Reporting Date, a Borrowing Base Certificate setting 

forth a computation of each Borrowing Base as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter, fiscal month or week, as applicable, to which such Borrowing Base Reporting Date relates, together with supporting information and any additional reports with respect to each Borrowing Base that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (including, in respect of any Borrowing Base Certificate delivered for a month which is also the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company, a calculation of Average Quarterly Availability for such quarter then ended and an indication of what the Applicable Rate is as a result of such Average Quarterly Availability); 
 
 (h) on or before each Borrowing Base Reporting Date, the following information as of the 

most recently ended fiscal quarter, fiscal month or week, as applicable, to which such Borrowing Base Reporting Date relates, all delivered electronically in a text formatted file in form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent: 
 
 (i) (A) a detailed aging of the Borrowers Accounts, including all invoices aged by 

invoice date and due date (with an explanation of the terms offered), prepared in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, together with a summary specifying the name, address, and balance due for each Account Debtor and (B) a detailed aging of the Borrowers Credit Card Accounts (1) including aging by each credit card issuer and credit card processor and 
 (2) reconciled to the Borrowing Base Certificate delivered as of such date, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, together with a summary specifying the balance due from each credit card issuer or credit card processor; 
 
 (ii) a schedule detailing the Borrowers Inventory, in form reasonably satisfactory to 

the Administrative Agent, (1) by location (showing Inventory in transit, any Inventory located with a third party under any consignment, bailee arrangement, or warehouse agreement), by class (raw material, work-in-process and finished goods) and by volume on hand, which Inventory shall be valued at the lower of average cost or market, determined utilizing the retail method as appropriate, and adjusted for Reserves as the Administrative Agent has previously indicated to the Borrower Representative are deemed by the Administrative Agent to be appropriate in its Permitted Discretion, and (2) including a report of any variances or other results of Inventory counts performed by the Borrowers since the last Inventory schedule (including information regarding sales or other reductions, additions, returns, credits issued by Borrowers and complaints and claims made against the Borrowers); 
 
 (iii) a worksheet of calculations prepared by the Borrowers to determine Eligible 

Credit Card Accounts, Eligible Trade Accounts and Eligible Inventory, such worksheets detailing the Credit Card Accounts, Accounts and Inventory excluded from Eligible Credit Card Accounts, Eligible Trade Accounts and Eligible Inventory and the reason for such exclusion; 

(iv) a reconciliation of the Borrowers Credit Card Accounts, Accounts and Inventory 

between (A) the amounts shown in the Borrowers general ledger and financial statements and the reports delivered pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above and (B) the amounts and dates shown in the reports delivered pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above and the Borrowing Base Certificate delivered pursuant to clause (g) above as of such date; and 
 
 (v) a schedule and aging of the Loan Parties accounts payable as of the quarter then 

ended, delivered electronically in a text formatted file in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; 
 
 (i) within 30 days (as such time period may be extended in writing by the Administrative 

Agent in its sole discretion) of each March 31 and September 30, an updated customer list for each Borrower with respect to each Eligible Trade Account, which list shall state the customer s name, mailing address and phone number, delivered electronically in a text formatted file acceptable to the Administrative Agent and certified as true and correct by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative; 
 
 (j) promptly upon the Administrative Agent s request: 

(i)	a schedule detailing the balance of all intercompany accounts of the Loan Parties; and 
 
 (ii)	such other information as the Administrative Agent may from time to time 
 reasonably request; 
 
 (k) concurrent with any field exam permitted under Section 5.06 (or at such other times as 

agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Company), the Borrower Representative shall provide notice to the Administrative Agent of any removal or addition of any credit card issuer or credit card processor to the extent that (i) in the case of a removal, Credit Card Accounts of such credit card issuer or credit card processor were included in any previous Borrowing Base or (ii) in the case of an addition, the Borrower Representative desires to include the Credit Card Accounts of such credit card issuer or credit card processor in each Borrowing Base, and concurrently with any such notice of an addition, the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent (A) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that a Credit Card Notification shall have been delivered to such credit card issuer or credit card processor, (B) a true and complete copy of each Credit Card Agreement with respect thereto, together with all material amendments, waivers and other modifications thereto, and (C) such other information with respect thereto as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent; for the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, no Credit Card Accounts of an added credit card issuer or credit card processor may be included in any Borrowing Base until a field exam with respect thereto has been completed; 
 
 (l) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other 

reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Company or any Subsidiary with the SEC, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Company to its shareholders generally, as the case may be; 
 
 (m) promptly after any request therefor by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of 

(i) any documents described in Section 101(k)(1) of ERISA that any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, (ii) any notices described in Section 101(l)(1) of ERISA that any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan and (iii) the annual funding notice, as described in Section 101(f) of ERISA; provided that, with respect 

to the notices described in (i) or (ii), if a Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan, the applicable Borrower or the applicable ERISA Affiliate shall promptly make a request for such documents and notices from such administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly after receipt thereof; 
 
 (i) within five (5) Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative 

has knowledge of the production or the receipt by a Loan Party thereof, copies of any material environmental reports produced by or on behalf of any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary; and 
 
 (j) promptly following any request therefor, (x) such other information regarding the 

operations, business affairs and financial condition of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request and 
 (y) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. 
 
 The Borrower Representative shall be deemed to have furnished to the Administrative Agent the financial statements and certificates required to be delivered pursuant to Sections 5.01(a) and (b) and the reports and other material required by Section 5.01(l) upon the filing of such financial statements or material by the Company through the SEC s EDGAR system (or any successor electronic gathering system) or the publication by the Company of such financial statements on its website, so long as such system or website is publicly available; provided that, at the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the Borrower Representative shall promptly deliver electronic or paper copies of such filings together with all accompanying exhibits, attachments, calculations, or other supporting documentation included with such filing. 
 
 SECTION 5.02	 Notices of Material Events . The Borrower Representative will furnish to the 
 Administrative Agent prompt (but in any event within any time period after such Responsible Officer has such knowledge that may be specified below) written notice of the following: 
 
 (a) within two (2) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower 

Representative or any other Borrower of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; 
 
 (b) within two (2) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower 

Representative or any other Borrower of the receipt by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any notice of any investigation by a Governmental Authority or any litigation or proceeding commenced or threatened against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary that, individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 
 (c) within two (2) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower 

Representative or any other Borrower of the receipt by any Loan Party or Subsidiary of any Lien or claim made or asserted against any of the Collateral having an aggregate value in excess of 5,000,000, excluding from the scope of this clause (c) Permitted Encumbrances other than income tax Liens of the type referred to in clause (a)(ii) of Permitted Encumbrances to the extent exceeding 1,000,000 individually or in the aggregate; 
 
 (d) within five (5) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower 

Representative or any other Borrower of the occurrence of any loss, damage, or destruction to the Collateral having a value in the amount of 7,500,000 or more, whether or not covered by insurance; 

(e) within ten (10) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower 

Representative or any other Borrower of the receipt by any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary thereof, any default notices received under or with respect to any leased location or public warehouse where Collateral in the amount of 7,500,000 or more is located; 
 
 (f) promptly after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative of the 

occurrence of any ERISA Event or breach of any representation made in Section 3.10; 
 
 (g) within five (5) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower 

Representative of the occurrence of any default or event of default under a Specified L/C Facility or any other event that requires, or enables any issuing bank under the Specified L/C Facility to require, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to provide cash collateral for all or any portion of any Specified L/C Obligations; 
 
 (h) within two (2) Business Days after the occurrence thereof, the occurrence of any default 

or event of default under any Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness or receipt of any notice asserting a default or event of default thereunder (together with a copy of such notice); 
 
 (i) (A) within five (5) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the 

Borrower Representative (1) of the occurrence of any default or event of default by any Person under any Credit Card Agreement relating to Credit Cards Accounts contained in any Borrowing Base, (2) the establishment of, or receipt by any Borrower of a notice of any proposed establishment of, a reserve or reserve account (or similar concept), whether in the form of an actual deposit account, book entry or otherwise, in connection with any Credit Card Agreement for the purposes of securing all or any portion of any Borrower s existing or potential obligations to the applicable credit card issuer or processor under such Credit Card Agreement, or (3) that any credit card issuer, credit card processor or debit card or mall card issuer or provider with respect to Credit Card Accounts ceases to meet the requirements of clause (f) of the definition of Eligible Credit Card Accounts and (B) on and at the time of submission to the Administrative Agent of the Borrowing Base Certificate after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative has knowledge that any Borrower has entered into a material amendment, waiver or other modification of a Credit Card Agreement applicable to any Credit Card Account included in any Borrowing Base; 
 
 (j) within five (5) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower 

Representative of the filing of any Lien with respect to any delinquent Taxes in excess of 2,500,000; and 
 
 (k) promptly after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative or 

any other Borrower of any other development that results, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 
 SECTION 5.03	 Existence; Conduct of Business . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each 
 Restricted Subsidiary to, (a) do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect (i) its legal existence and (ii) except to the extent failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, franchises, governmental authorizations, intellectual property rights, licenses and permits with respect to the conduct of its business, and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted, provided that the foregoing 

shall not prohibit any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, liquidation, dissolution, disposition or other transaction permitted under Section 6.03, and (b) carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in fields of enterprise consistent with the provisions of Section 6.03(b). 
 
 SECTION 5.04	 Payment of Obligations .	Each Loan Party will, and will cause each 
 Subsidiary to, pay or discharge all Material Indebtedness and all other material liabilities and obligations, including Taxes, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) such Loan Party or Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and 
 (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (it being acknowledged that if any of the Collateral in an aggregate amount of 
 5,000,000 or more would become subject to forfeiture or loss as a result of the contest, then such failure to make payment would be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect). 
 
 SECTION 5.05	 Maintenance of Properties .	Each Loan Party will, and will cause each 
 Restricted Subsidiary to, keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 SECTION 5.06	 Books and Records; Inspection Rights . Each Loan Party will, and will cause 
 each Subsidiary to, (a) keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct (in all material respects) entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities and (b) permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (including employees of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any consultants, accountants and agents retained by the Administrative Agent), as and when determined by the Administrative Agent, upon reasonable prior notice and during normal business hours, to visit and inspect its properties, to conduct at such Loan Party s premises field examinations of such Loan Party s assets, liabilities, books and records, including examining and making extracts from its books and records, environmental assessment reports and Phase I or Phase II studies, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested; provided , however , that, (i) so long as at all times during the most recent 12-month period then ending no Revolving Loans are outstanding and the LC Exposure is less than 35,000,000, the Loan Parties shall not be required to pay the fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent and such professionals with respect to any such examinations and evaluations conducted during such 12-month period and (ii) otherwise, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, only one such field examination per 12-month period shall be at the expense of the Loan Parties; provided further that one additional field examination per 12-month period may be done at the expense of the Loan Parties if Aggregate Availability is at any time during the most recent 12-month period then ending less than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level V). For the avoidance of doubt, all such examinations and evaluations conducted after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default shall be at the expense of the Loan Parties, and it is understood that the election to conduct or not conduct any examinations and evaluations is in the discretion of the Administrative Agent. Each Loan Party acknowledges that the Administrative Agent, after exercising its rights of inspection, may prepare and distribute to the Lenders certain Reports pertaining to such Loan Party s assets for internal use by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
 
 SECTION 5.07	 Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations. Each Loan 
 Party will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, (i) comply with each Requirement of Law applicable to it or its property (including without limitation Environmental Laws) except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) perform in all material respects its obligations under material agreements to which it is a party, except (A) where the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate 

proceedings, or (B) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, applicable Sanctions, and anti-money laundering rules and regulations. 
 
 SECTION 5.08	 Use of Proceeds . 
 
 (a) The proceeds of the Loans and the Letters of Credit will be used only for general 

corporate purposes and working capital needs of the Borrowers (including for Investments, Permitted Acquisitions, Capital Expenditures and Restricted Payments), subject to the restrictions otherwise set forth in this Agreement. No part of the proceeds of any Loan and no Letter of Credit will be used, whether directly or indirectly, (i) for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X or (ii) to make any Acquisition other than Permitted Acquisitions. 
 
 (b) No Borrower will request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and no Borrower shall, 

directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary or other Person, (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or anti-money laundering rules and regulations, 
 (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (c) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 
 SECTION 5.09	 Accuracy of Information . The Loan Parties will ensure that any information, 
 including financial statements or other documents, furnished to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder contains no material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and the furnishing of such information shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrowers on the date thereof as to the matters specified in this Section 5.09; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Loan Parties will only ensure that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time delivered (it being understood that the projections are subject to inherent uncertainties and contingencies, which may be outside the control of any Loan Party and that no assurances can be given that such projected financial information will be realized). 
 
 SECTION 5.10	 Insurance . 
 
 (a) Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, maintain with 

financially sound and reputable carriers having a financial strength rating of at least A- by A.M. Best Company insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against such risks (including, without limitation: loss or damage by fire and loss in transit; theft, burglary, pilferage, larceny, embezzlement, and other criminal activities; business interruption; and general liability) and such other hazards, as is customarily maintained by companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. The Borrowers will furnish to the Lenders, upon request of the Administrative Agent, information in reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained. All insurance policies required hereunder shall name the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties) as an additional insured or as lender loss payee, as 

applicable, and shall contain lender loss payable clauses, through endorsements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which provide that: (i) all proceeds thereunder with respect to any Collateral shall be payable to the Administrative Agent; (ii) no such insurance shall be affected by any act or neglect of the insured or owner of the property described in such policy; and (iii) such policy and lender loss payable clauses may be canceled, amended, or terminated only upon at least thirty (30) days prior written notice given to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (b) In the event any Collateral is located in any area that has been designated by the Federal 

Emergency Management Agency as a Special Flood Hazard Area , such Loan Party shall purchase and maintain flood insurance on such Collateral (including any personal property which is located on any real property leased by such Loan Party within a Special Flood Hazard Area ). The amount of flood insurance required by this Section shall at a minimum comply with applicable law, including the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended. 
 
 (c) All premiums on any such insurance shall be paid when due by such Loan Party, and 

copies of the policies delivered to the Administrative Agent. If such Loan Party fails to obtain any insurance as required by this Section, the Administrative Agent may obtain such insurance at the Loan Parties expense. By purchasing such insurance, the Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have waived any Default arising from the Loan Parties failure to maintain such insurance or pay any premiums therefor. 
 
 SECTION 5.11	 Casualty and Condemnation .	The Borrowers will (a) furnish to the 
 Administrative Agent and the Lenders prompt written notice of any casualty or other insured damage to any material portion of the Collateral or any material portion of the Inventory included in any Borrowing Base or the commencement of any action or proceeding for the taking of any material portion of the Collateral or interest therein under power of eminent domain or by condemnation, expropriation or similar proceeding and (b) ensure that the Net Proceeds of any such event (whether in the form of insurance proceeds, condemnation or expropriation awards or otherwise) are collected and applied in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents. 
 
 SECTION 5.12	 Appraisals .	At any time that the Administrative Agent requests, the 
 Borrower Representative will cause an appraiser selected and engaged by the Administrative Agent to provide the Administrative Agent with appraisals or updates thereof of the Loan Parties Inventory, such appraisals and updates to be prepared on a basis satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and to include, without limitation, information required by any applicable Requirement of Law; provided , however , that, 
 (a) so long as at all times during the most recent 12-month period then ending no Revolving Loans are outstanding and the LC Exposure is less than 35,000,000, the Loan Parties shall not be required to pay the fees and expenses with respect to any such appraisals conducted during such 12-month period and (b) otherwise, if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, only one such appraisal of Inventory per 12-month period shall be at the expense of the Loan Parties; provided further that (x) one additional appraisal of Inventory per 12-month period shall be at the expense of the Loan Parties if Aggregate Availability is at any time during the most recent 12-month period then ending less than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level V), and (y) in addition to the foregoing, an additional appraisal of Inventory shall be at the expense of the Loan Parties if requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with a change in the Borrowers inventory costing methodology following the Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, all such appraisals conducted after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default shall be at the expense of the Loan Parties, and it is understood that the election to conduct or not conduct any appraisals is in the discretion of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 SECTION 5.13	 Depository Banks .	The Loan Parties will maintain, and will cause their 
 respective Domestic Subsidiaries to maintain, with the Administrative Agent or one or more Lenders 

acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion as their principal depository bank, including for the maintenance of operating, administrative, cash management, collection activity, and other Deposit Accounts for the conduct of their business; provided that the Loan Parties and their respective Domestic Subsidiaries shall not be required to satisfy the foregoing requirement with respect to any Deposit Account (i) that is an Excluded Account or an Excluded Asset or (ii) with respect to which the applicable Loan Parties have entered into a Control Agreement in accordance with the applicable Security Agreement and Section 5.14, as applicable, in favor of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 SECTION 5.14	 Additional Collateral; Further Assurances . (a) Subject to (x) applicable law 
 and (y) satisfactory compliance with each Lender s know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations and related diligence as required by each Lender, each Borrower and each Loan Party will cause (i) each Domestic Subsidiary that is a Designated Subsidiary formed or acquired after the date of this Agreement or that becomes a Designated Subsidiary after the Effective Date in accordance with the terms of this Agreement within 30 days (in each case, as such time may be extended in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion) to become a U.S. Borrower (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Foreign Subsidiary) or a U.S. Guarantor pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and other documents) that are required under the Collateral Documents or this Agreement to cause the Collateral and Guaranty Requirement to be satisfied with respect to such Designated Subsidiary and (ii) each Canadian Subsidiary that is a Designated Subsidiary formed or acquired after the date of this Agreement or that becomes a Designated Subsidiary after the Effective Date in accordance with the terms of this Agreement within 30 days (in each case, as such time may be extended in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion) to become a Canadian Borrower or a Canadian Guarantor pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and other documents) that are required under the Collateral Documents or this Agreement to cause the Collateral and Guaranty Requirement to be satisfied with respect to such Designated Subsidiary. Upon execution and delivery thereof, each such Person (i) shall automatically become a Borrower or Guarantor, as applicable hereunder and thereupon shall have all of the rights, benefits, duties, and obligations in such capacity under the Loan Documents and (ii) will grant Liens to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the applicable Secured Parties, in any property of such Loan Party which constitutes Collateral, under the applicable Security Agreement. 
 
 (b)	The Loan Parties will execute any and all further documents, financing statements, 
 agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements, fixture filings, and other documents) which may be required by any Requirement of Law or which the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, reasonably request, to cause the Collateral and Guaranty Requirement to be and remain satisfied at all times. The Loan Parties also agree to provide to the Administrative Agent, from time to time upon reasonable request, evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent as to the perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, until an opinion of local counsel, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, is received by the Administrative Agent with respect to the Loan Party organized in Puerto Rico, the assets of such Puerto Rican Loan Party shall not be eligible for inclusion in any Borrowing Base. 
 
 SECTION 5.15	 Designation of Subsidiaries . The Company may at any time designate any 
 Restricted Subsidiary of the Company (other than any Borrower) as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (a) immediately before and after such designation, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (b) on Pro Forma Basis, the Payment Conditions shall be satisfied, and (c) no Restricted Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if (i), after such designation, it would be a restricted subsidiary under any Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness or Subordinated Debt or (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary would be a 

Subsidiary of such Unrestricted Subsidiary. The designation of any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary after the Effective Date shall constitute an Investment by the Company therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries (as applicable) Investments therein as determined in good faith by the Borrower Representative. The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary after the Effective Date shall constitute at the time of designation the incurrence of any Indebtedness or Liens of such Restricted Subsidiary existing at such time. 
 
 SECTION 5.16	 Environmental Laws .	Except where the failure to do so would not 
 reasonably be expected to have Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each Subsidiary shall (i) conduct its operations and keep and maintain all of its real property in compliance with all Environmental Laws; (ii) obtain and renew all environmental permits necessary for its operations and properties; and (iii) implement any and all investigation, remediation, removal and response actions that are necessary to comply with Environmental Laws pertaining to the presence, generation, treatment, storage, use, disposal, transportation or release of any Hazardous Materials on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any of its Real Estate, provided , however , that neither a Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to undertake any such cleanup, removal, remedial or other action to the extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and adequate reserves have been set aside and are being maintained by the Loan Parties with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 SECTION 5.17	 Credit Card Agreements and Notifications . Each Borrower will (a) comply 
 in all material respects with all its obligations under each Credit Card Agreement to which it is party and 
 (b) maintain credit card arrangements solely with the credit card issuers and credit card processors identified in Schedule 3.23 ; provided, however, that the Company may amend Schedule 3.23 to remove any credit card issuer or credit card processor identified on such schedule or to add additional credit card issuers and credit card processors that are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and concurrently with or promptly following the making of any such amendment the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent evidence that a Credit Card Notification shall have been delivered to any credit card issuer or credit card processor added to such Schedule 3.23 . 
 
 SECTION 5.18	 Post-Closing Obligations .	The Loan Parties will execute and deliver the 
 documents and complete the tasks set forth on Schedule 5.18 , in each case within the time limits specified on such schedule (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion). 
 
 SECTION 5.19	 Canadian Pension Plans and Canadian Benefit Plans . 
 
 (a) For each existing and hereafter Canadian Benefit Plan and Canadian Pension Plan, if any, 

each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, in a timely fashion comply with and perform in all material respects all of its obligations under and in respect of such Canadian Pension Plan or Canadian Benefit Plan, including under any funding agreements and all applicable laws (including any fiduciary, funding, investment and administration obligations), unless any failure to so comply or perform could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (b) All employer or employee payments, contributions or premiums required to be remitted, 

paid to or in respect of each hereafter adopted Canadian Pension Plan, if any, or Canadian Benefit Plan shall be paid or remitted by each Loan Party and each Subsidiary of each Loan Party in a timely fashion in accordance with the terms thereof, any funding agreements and all applicable laws, unless any failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

ARTICLE VI 
 
 Negative Covenants 
 
 Until the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under any Loan Document (other than contingent or indemnity obligations for which no claim has been made) shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or have been Cash Collateralized pursuant to the terms hereof, or terminated, in each case without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, each Loan Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lenders that: 
 
 SECTION 6.01	 Indebtedness .	No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted 
 Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except: 
 
 (a) (i) the Secured Obligations (other than Specified L/C Obligations) and (ii) Specified L/C 

Obligations or any other trade letter of credit facilities in addition thereto on substantially similar terms as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable judgment, so long as, in each case, the aggregate undrawn amount of all letters of credit issued thereunder plus the aggregate amount of all drawn and unreimbursed obligations with respect to all letters of credit thereunder does not exceed 
 150,000,000; 
 
 (b) Indebtedness existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.01 and extensions, 

renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (f) hereof; 
 
 (c) Indebtedness of the Company to any Restricted Subsidiary and of any Restricted 

Subsidiary to the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (A) such Indebtedness shall not have been transferred to any Person other than the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, (B) any such Indebtedness owing by a Loan Party to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be unsecured and subordinated in right of payment to the Secured Obligations on terms customary for intercompany subordinated Indebtedness, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, and (C) any such Indebtedness shall be incurred in compliance with Section 6.04(d); 
 
 (d) Guarantees by any Borrower of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary and by any Subsidiary of 

Indebtedness of any Borrower or any other Subsidiary, provided that (i) the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is permitted by this Section 6.01, (ii) Guarantees by any Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, and Guarantees by any U.S. Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Canadian Loan Party, shall be subject to Section 6.04 and (iii) Guarantees permitted under this clause (d) shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations on the same terms as the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is subordinated to the Secured Obligations; 
 
 (e) Indebtedness of any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred to finance the 

acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets (but excluding any real property) (whether or not constituting purchase money Indebtedness), including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (f) below; provided that (i) such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 270 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and the principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets, and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (e) together with any Refinance Indebtedness in respect thereof permitted by clause (f) below, and 

together with any Indebtedness permitted by clause (r) below, shall not exceed 100,000,000 at any time outstanding; 
 
 (f) Indebtedness which represents amendments, restatements, supplements, extensions, 

renewals, refinancing or replacements (such Indebtedness being so amended, restated, supplemented, extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced being referred to herein as the Refinance Indebtedness of any of the Indebtedness described in clauses (b), (e), and (m) hereof (such Indebtedness being referred to herein as the Original Indebtedness ); provided that (i) such Refinance Indebtedness does not increase the principal amount of the Original Indebtedness, (ii) any Liens securing such Refinance Indebtedness are not extended to any additional property of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, (iii) no Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not originally obligated with respect to repayment of such Original Indebtedness is required to become obligated with respect to such Refinance Indebtedness, (iv) such Refinance Indebtedness does not result in a shortening of the average weighted maturity of such Original Indebtedness, (v) the terms of such Refinance Indebtedness are not materially less favorable to the obligor thereunder than the original terms of such Original Indebtedness and (vi) if such Original Indebtedness was subordinated in right of payment to any of the Secured Obligations, then the terms and conditions of such Refinance Indebtedness must include subordination terms and conditions that are at least as favorable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as those that were applicable to such Original Indebtedness; 
 
 (g) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing workers compensation, health, disability or 

other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case under this clause (g) incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
 
 (h) Indebtedness of any Loan Party in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal 

bonds, surety bonds and similar obligations, in each case under this clause (h) provided in the ordinary course of business; 
 
 (i) Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and otherwise in 

connection with deposit and checking accounts, in each case under this clause (i), in the ordinary course of business; 
 
 (j) Indebtedness in the form of bona fide purchase price adjustments or earn-outs incurred in 

connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted by Section 6.04; 
 
 (k) Indebtedness in the form of Swap Agreements permitted under Section 6.07; 

(l) Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness; 

(m) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after the date hereof; 

provided that such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 
 (n) Indebtedness incurred under leases of real property in respect of tenant improvements; 

(o) obligations under any agreement governing the provision of treasury or cash management 

services, including deposit accounts, overnight draft, credit cards, debit cards, p-cards (including purchasing cards and commercial cards), funds transfer, automated clearinghouse, zero balance accounts, returned check concentration, controlled disbursement, lockbox, account reconciliation and reporting and other cash management services; 

(p) Indebtedness with respect to the deferred purchase price for any Permitted Acquisition, 

provided that such Indebtedness is subordinated to the Secured Obligations on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; 
 
 (q) so long as no Event of Default then exists or would arise immediately after giving effect 

thereto, other Indebtedness not to exceed 50,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; 
 
 (r) Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount subject to the limitation in amount 

referred to in clause 6.01(e)(ii) above incurred for the construction, development or acquisition or improvement of, or to finance or to refinance, any real estate owned or leased by any Loan Party (including therein any Indebtedness incurred in connection with sale-leaseback transactions permitted hereunder and any Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities), provided that prior to incurrence of such Indebtedness the Loan Parties shall have caused the holders of such Indebtedness and the lessors under any sale-leaseback or other such transaction to enter into a Collateral Access Agreement on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent unless not required in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent as confirmed in writing by the Administrative Agent; and 
 
 (s) unsecured Indebtedness or Subordinated Indebtedness not otherwise specifically 

described herein, in each case under this clause (s), with a maturity date and an average life to maturity that is at least six (6) months following the Maturity Date and that does not require amortization or prepayments prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
 Anything in this Section 6.01 to the contrary notwithstanding, (a) Specified L/C Obligations may only be created, incurred, assumed or exist pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(ii) and (b) Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness may only be created, incurred, assumed or exist pursuant to Section 6.01(l). 
 
 SECTION 6.02	 Liens . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, 
 create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property, asset, income or revenue (including Accounts) now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except: 
 
 (a) Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent created pursuant to any Loan Document; 

(b) Permitted Encumbrances; 

(c) any Lien on any property or asset of any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary existing 

on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.02 ; provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of such Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary or any other Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; 
 
 (d) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by any Borrower or 

any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) such Liens secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (e) of Section 6.01, (ii) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 270 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, (iii) such Liens shall not apply to any other property or assets of such Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary or any other Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary and (iv) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of the property being acquired, constructed or improved on the date of acquisition, construction or improvement; 
 
 (e) any Lien existing on any specific tangible property or specific tangible asset (other than 

Collateral) prior to the acquisition thereof by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or existing on 

any property or asset (other than Collateral) of any Person that becomes a Loan Party after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Loan Party; provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Loan Party, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Loan Party, (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Loan Party, as the case may be, and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof and (iv) such Lien and the documentation governing the creation thereof do not prohibit or interfere with (x) the Administrative Agent s access rights to such property or asset for purposes of Collateral rights in accordance with Section 2.23 hereof except to the extent otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion in writing and 
 (y) if applicable, the intellectual property license granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement; 
 
 (f) (i) Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 

4-208 of the UCC in effect in the relevant jurisdiction covering only the items being collected upon and 
 (ii) Liens in favor of securities intermediaries, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or securities accounts or other funds maintained with depository institutions or securities intermediary (other than as waived under any contractual agreement or Control Agreement with the Administrative Agent); 
 
 (g) Liens arising out of Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 6.06; 

(h) Liens securing Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness; provided that, such Liens must be and 

remain subject to a Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement; 
 
 (i) Liens granted by a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in favor of any 

Borrower or another Loan Party in respect of Indebtedness owed by such Restricted Subsidiary; 
 
 (j) Liens on Equity Interests or other assets being sold arising in connection with the sale or 

transfer of such Equity Interests or such other assets in a transaction permitted under Section 6.05, customary rights and restrictions in respect of such Equity Interests or other assets being sold contained in agreements relating to such sale or transfer pending the completion thereof; 
 
 (k) in the case of (i) any non-Loan Party Restricted Subsidiary that is not a wholly-owned 

Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) the Equity Interests in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary, any encumbrance or restriction, including any put and call arrangements, related to Equity Interests in such Restricted Subsidiary or such other Person set forth in the organizational documents of such Restricted Subsidiary or such other Person or any related joint venture, shareholders or similar agreement; 
 
 (l) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits or escrow arrangements made by the 

Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement for a Permitted Acquisition or other transaction permitted hereunder; 
 
 (m) other Liens on specifically identified tangible personal property securing Indebtedness or 

other obligations in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 20,000,000 at any time outstanding so long as the Administrative Agent and the collateral agents or other representatives for the holders of such Indebtedness have entered into an intercreditor agreement, acknowledged by the Loan Parties, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being understood that in the event any such Liens extend to Accounts, Credit Card Accounts or Inventory, such Accounts, Credit Card Accounts or Inventory, to the extent otherwise included therein, will not constitute or will cease to be Eligible Trade Accounts, Eligible Credit Card Accounts or Eligible Inventory, as applicable); 

(n) Liens in favor of landlords on leasehold improvements financed by allowances or 

advances pursuant to lease arrangements in the ordinary course of business (subject to the terms of the applicable Collateral Access Agreement to the extent otherwise required hereunder to be entered into with the Administrative Agent); 
 
 (o) Liens in favor of insurance companies or their affiliates on the unearned portion of the 

premium financed in connection with insurance premium financing in the ordinary course of business; 
 
 (p) Liens in respect of cash collateralization of letters of credit; provided that (i) such cash 

collateral shall not exceed 10,000,000, (ii) such letters of credit are issued in support of a Foreign Subsidiary (other than a Canadian Subsidiary) that is not a Loan Party and (iii) no Loan Party, Domestic Subsidiary or Canadian Subsidiary provides any guaranty, collateral or other credit support (other than such cash collateral) in respect of such letters of credit; 
 
 (q) Liens on Real Estate, provided that such Liens only secure Indebtedness permitted by 

clause (r) of Section 6.01; 
 
 (r) Secured Inventory Liens; and 

(s) Liens on motor vehicles, aircraft, avionics, vessels and property related thereto and other 

property the subject of certificates of title or other certificates of registration and operation, provided that the Indebtedness secured by any such Lien does not exceed the cost of such motor vehicle, aircraft, avionic, vessel or other property, as applicable. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) none of the Liens permitted pursuant to this Section 6.02 may at any time attach to any Loan Party s (1) Accounts or Credit Card Accounts, other than those permitted under clauses (a) and (m) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances and clauses (a), (h) and (m) above and 
 (2) Inventory, other than those permitted under clauses (a) and (c) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances and clauses (a) and (h) above and (B) none of the Specified L/C Obligations may be cash collateralized unless such cash collateral constitutes Collateral hereunder for the benefit of all of the Secured Parties in accordance with, and subject to, Section 2.18 of the Loan Documents. 
 
 SECTION 6.03	 Fundamental Changes; Changes in Name, Location . (a) No Loan Party will, 
 nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate or amalgamate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate or amalgamate with it, or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (i) any Subsidiary of any Borrower may merge into or amalgamate with a Borrower in a transaction in which such Borrower is the surviving or continuing entity, (ii) any Borrower may merge into or amalgamate with another Borrower, (iii) any Person (other than a Borrower) may merge into, amalgamate with or consolidate with any Restricted Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving or continuing entity is a Restricted Subsidiary and, if any party to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation is a Loan Party, a Loan Party, (iv) any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Loan Party) may merge into, amalgamate with or consolidate with any Person (other than a Loan Party) in a transaction permitted under Section 6.05 in which, after giving effect to such transaction, the surviving or continuing entity is not a Restricted Subsidiary, and (v) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower which owns such Restricted Subsidiary determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of such Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders; provided that (x) any merger, amalgamation or consolidation that is in connection with an Acquisition must be a Permitted Acquisition, (y) any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation involving a Person that is not a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall not be permitted unless 

also permitted by Section 6.04, and (z) in all circumstances, such merging, amalgamating or consolidating entities are from the same jurisdiction of domicile except that the terms of this clause (z) shall not apply in respect of entities that are all non-Loan Parties. 
 
 (b) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, engage in any business other 

than businesses (i) of the type conducted by the Borrowers and their Restricted Subsidiaries on the date hereof and businesses reasonably similar, related, complementary or ancillary thereto and extensions thereof, so long as the core business of the Loan Parties and Restricted Subsidiaries on the Effective Date, after giving effect to any of the foregoing, does not change in any material way and (ii) in respect of Unrestricted Subsidiaries, consistent with the definition of such term. 
 
 (c) No Loan Party shall (a) change its name as it appears in official filings in the jurisdiction 

of incorporation or organization, (b) change its registered office, chief executive office or any distribution centers at which Collateral is held or stored, (c) change the type of entity that it is, (d) change its organization identification number, if any, issued by its jurisdiction of incorporation or other organization, or (e) change its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, in each case under this Section 6.03(c), unless the Administrative Agent shall have received at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such change and the Administrative Agent shall have acknowledged in writing that either (1) such change will not adversely affect the validity, perfection or priority of the Administrative Agent s security interest in or Lien on the Collateral, or (2) any reasonable action requested by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith has been completed or taken (including any action to continue the perfection of any Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in any Collateral). 
 
 (d) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, change its fiscal year 

from the basis in effect on the Effective Date without first providing thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, in which case the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent shall, prior to the effectiveness of such change, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are reasonably necessary in the judgment of the Administrative Agent to reflect such change in fiscal year. 
 
 (e) No Loan Party will change the accounting basis upon which its financial statements are 

prepared, other than immaterial changes to comply with changes in GAAP, without first having provided to the Administrative Agent 30 days prior written notice thereof, in which case, the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent shall, prior to the effectiveness of such change, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are reasonably necessary in the judgment of the Administrative Agent to reflect such change; it being acknowledged that with respect to calculations of any Borrowing Base such change must be approved in writing by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 SECTION 6.04	 Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions . No Loan Party 
 will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger or amalgamation with any Person that was not a Loan Party and a wholly-owned Subsidiary prior to such merger or amalgamation) any evidences of Indebtedness or Equity Interests or other securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing), make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit (whether through purchase of assets, merger, amalgamation or otherwise) or enter into any other Acquisition (each of the foregoing, an Investment ), except: 
 
 (a) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents; 

(b) Investments in existence on the date hereof and described in Schedule 6.04 ; 

(c) Investments in existence on the Effective Date by the Company and its Restricted 

Subsidiaries in their respective Subsidiaries; 
 
 (d) Investments by the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries in their respective 

Subsidiaries made after the Effective Date; provided that (i) the aggregate amount of such Investments by the Loan Parties in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties shall not exceed 20,000,000 at any time outstanding (determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs) and (ii) any such Investments that are loans and advances made by a Loan Party shall be evidenced by a promissory note pledged pursuant to the applicable Security Agreement to the extent required to be so pledged by the applicable Security Agreement; 
 
 (e) loans or advances made by a Loan Party or a Restricted Subsidiary to its employees, 

officers, or directors on an arm s-length basis in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices for travel and entertainment expenses, relocation costs and similar purposes; 
 
 (f) accounts receivable, notes payable, or stock or other securities issued by Account Debtors 

to a Loan Party pursuant to negotiated agreements with respect to settlement of such Account Debtor s Accounts obligations in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled Account Debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss or received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of customers or suppliers, or settlement of disputes with suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 
 
 (g) Investments in the form of Swap Agreements permitted by Section 6.07; 

(h) Investments of any Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted 

Subsidiary of a Borrower or consolidates or merges or amalgamates with a Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (including in connection with a Permitted Acquisition) so long as such investments were not made in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary or of such merger or amalgamation; 
 
 (i) Investments made as a result of receipt of non-cash consideration from a sale, transfer or 

other disposition of assets permitted under Section 6.05; 
 
 (j) Investments constituting deposits described in clauses (c) and (d) of the definition of the 

term Permitted Encumbrances 
 
 (k) Permitted Acquisitions; 

(l) Investments (excluding Acquisitions but including Investments in Subsidiaries) not 

otherwise permitted by this Section 6.04 so long as the Payment Conditions are satisfied before and immediately after giving effect to each such Investment and so long as no such Investment requires the incurrence of any Indebtedness, contingent obligation (including any capital call) or other liability not otherwise permitted under this Agreement by any Loan Party or otherwise enables a creditor to have recourse to any Loan Party not otherwise permitted under this Agreement; 
 
 (m) deposits, prepayments, advances and other credits to suppliers, vendors, customers, 

lessors and landlords or in connection with marketing promotions, in each instance, made in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) Investments the sole payment for which is common stock of the Company and which do 

not constitute Indebtedness; 
 
 (o) any earn-out or customary indemnity, purchase price adjustment, or similar obligation 

payable to the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or a disposition permitted under Section 6.05; 
 
 (p) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing before or after 

giving effect to such Investments and so long as no such Investment requires the incurrence of any Indebtedness or contingent obligation (including any capital call) or other liability by any Loan Party or otherwise enables a creditor to have recourse to any Loan Party, in each case not otherwise permitted to exist under another Section of this Agreement, other Investments (excluding Acquisitions) in an aggregate amount not to exceed 15,000,000 at any time outstanding; 
 
 (q) Investments (excluding Acquisitions) made pursuant to the Company s Investment Policy 

and otherwise consistent with the other provisions of this Agreement; and 
 
 (r) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.08. 

For the purposes of this Section 6.04, any unreimbursed payment by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary for goods or services delivered to any Restricted Subsidiary shall be deemed to be an Investment in such Restricted Subsidiary. 
 
 SECTION 6.05	 Asset Sales . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary 
 to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any asset, including any Equity Interest owned by it or any assignment (whether non-recourse, recourse, or otherwise) of income or revenue (including Accounts), nor will any Borrower permit any Restricted Subsidiary to issue any additional Equity Interest in such Restricted Subsidiary (other than to another Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary in compliance with Section 6.04 and other than directors qualifying shares and other nominal amounts of Equity Interests that are required to be held by other Persons under applicable law), excluding therefrom the payment of advances, customer deposits, trade payables and other accrued expenses and liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business, and the transfer and sale of Cash Equivalents and other marketable securities, except: 
 
 (a) (i) sales of inventory, (ii) sales, transfers and other dispositions of used, damaged, 

surplus, obsolete or outmoded machinery or equipment and (iii) dispositions of Investments in Cash Equivalents so long as the proceeds of such disposition are invested in an Investment permitted under Section 6.04, applied as Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.08 or otherwise used in a manner not expressly prohibited by this Agreement, in each case (other than in the case of clause (iii)) in the ordinary course of business; 
 
 (b) sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions to the Company or any Restricted 

Subsidiary; provided that any such sales, transfers, leases or other dispositions involving a Loan Party and a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be made in compliance with Section 6.04(d) and Section 6.09 and shall exclude assets of the type included in any Borrowing Base and related assets evidencing or supporting such assets, and Equity Interests in Subsidiaries (other than (x) Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries, (y) Equity Interests in Subsidiaries (other than Borrowers) having assets with an aggregate value not to exceed 10,000,000 at such date the disposition of which shall not change the core operations of the Borrowers (as in existence on the Effective Date) in any material respect and (z) transfers of Inventory by a Borrower directly to the retail locations (for sale therein) of a Canadian 

Subsidiary of the Company on arms-length terms applicable to an unaffiliated third party and that are consistent with past practice of the Loan Parties); 
 
 (c) the sale or discount of accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business, but 

only in connection with the compromise or collection thereof and not in connection with any financing transaction; 
 
 (d) Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 6.06; 

(e) dispositions resulting from any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under 

power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of any Borrower or any Subsidiary; 
 
 (f) leases or subleases of real property granted by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary 

to third Persons not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, including, without limitation, retail store lease assignments and surrenders; 
 
 (g) other dispositions of assets (other than assets of the type included in any Borrowing Base 

and related assets evidencing or supporting such assets, including, without limitation, patents, trademarks, copyrights, industrial designs and other intellectual property) of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted under this Section 6.05, provided that before and after giving effect to such disposition, the Payment Conditions are satisfied; provided further that, with respect to any disposition of Equity Interests in Subsidiaries, such disposition shall only be permitted pursuant to this clause (g) so long as (i) at the time of such disposition, no Default or Event of Default shall exist or shall result from such disposition; (ii) the consideration received for such disposition shall be in an amount at least equal to the fair market value of the Equity Interests sold, transferred, licensed or otherwise disposed of; (iii) at least seventy-five percent (75 of the consideration received for such disposition shall be cash; and (iv) the aggregate fair market value of all Equity Interests so sold, transferred, licensed or otherwise so disposed of shall not exceed 10,000,000 during the term of this Agreement and shall not include Equity Interests of any Loan Party (x) if such disposition changes any Borrower s core business as in effect on the Effective Date or (y) if such Loan Party owns patents, trademarks, copyrights, industrial designs and other intellectual property relating to any Borrower s core business as in effect on the Effective Date; 
 
 (h) other dispositions of assets (whether or not of the type included in any Borrowing Base) 

of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted under this Section 6.05, the aggregate fair market value of assets disposed of pursuant to this clause (h) not to exceed 10,000,000 during the term of this Agreement; 
 
 (i) the sale, transfer or other disposition of patents, trademarks, copyrights, industrial designs 

and other intellectual property or the granting of franchises and similar rights, in each case (i) in the ordinary course of business, including pursuant to non-exclusive licenses of intellectual property; provided that no such sale, transfer or other disposition shall adversely affect in any material respect the fair value of any Eligible Inventory or the ability of the Administrative Agent to dispose of or otherwise realize upon any Eligible Inventory after an Event of Default; provided that, this clause (i) shall not permit the sale, transfer or other disposition (other than non-exclusive licenses) of any such intellectual property of a Loan Party to any Foreign Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or any other non-Loan Party, or (ii) which, in the reasonable judgment of the Company or any Subsidiary, are determined to be uneconomical, negligible or obsolete in the conduct of business; 
 
 (j) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.08; 

(k) dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (i) such property is 

exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of similar replacement property; and 
 
 (l) as long as no Event of Default then exists or would arise therefrom, sales of real property 

of any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary; 
 
 provided that all sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions permitted hereby (other than those permitted by paragraphs (a)(ii), (b), (f), (j) or (k) above) shall be made for fair value and for at least 75 cash consideration (or, in the case of a sale, transfer, lease or other disposition of assets included in any Borrowing Base, 100 cash consideration). 
 
 SECTION 6.06	 Sale and Leaseback Transactions . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any 
 Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred (a Sale and Leaseback Transaction ), except for any such sale of any fixed or capital assets by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset. 
 
 SECTION 6.07	 Swap Agreements . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted 
 Subsidiary to, enter into any Swap Agreement, except (a) Swap Agreements entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary has actual exposure (other than those in respect of Equity Interests of any Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries), and (b) Swap Agreements entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from floating to fixed rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. 
 
 SECTION 6.08	 Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness . 
 
 (a) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, declare or make, or 

agree to declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, except: 
 
 (i) the Company may declare and pay dividends with respect to its Equity Interests 

payable solely in common stock; 
 
 (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company may declare and pay dividends or 

make other distributions with respect to its Equity Interests, or make other Restricted Payments in respect of its Equity Interests, in each case ratably to the holders of such Equity Interests (or, if not ratably, on a basis more favorable to the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries); 
 
 (iii) the Company may repurchase Equity Interests upon the exercise of stock options, 

deferred stock units and restricted shares to the extent such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such stock options, deferred stock units or restricted shares; 
 
 (iv) the Company may make cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares 

representing insignificant interests in the Company in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock in the Company; and 

(v) the Company may declare and make Restricted Payments including dividends or 

share repurchases so long as before and immediately after giving effect to such Restricted Payments the Payment Conditions are satisfied. 
 
 (b) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make or agree to pay 

or make, directly or indirectly, any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) of or in respect of principal of or interest on any Indebtedness, or any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Indebtedness, except: 
 
 (i) payment of Indebtedness created under the Loan Documents; 

(ii) payment	of	regularly	scheduled	interest	and	principal	payments	or 

reimbursement obligations under letters of credit, in each case, as and when due in respect of any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01, other than payments in respect of the Subordinated Indebtedness prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof and subject in the case of the Specified L/C Obligations to any other provisions applicable thereto as provided in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including the provisions of Section 2.18); and 
 
 (iii) refinancings of Indebtedness to the extent permitted by Section 6.01; 

(iv) payment of secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of (A) any 

voluntary sale or transfer of any assets (other than assets included in any Borrowing Base) securing such Indebtedness or (B) any casualty or condemnation proceeding (including a disposition in lieu thereof) of any assets (other than assets included in any Borrowing Base) securing such Indebtedness; 
 
 (v) payments of or in respect of Indebtedness solely by issuance of the common 

stock of the Company; 
 
 (vi) payments of intercompany Indebtedness owed to any Loan Party; and 

(vii) other payments of or in respect of Indebtedness; provided that at the time of and 

immediately after giving effect thereto the Payment Conditions have been satisfied. 
 
 SECTION 6.09	 Transactions with Affiliates .	No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any 
 Restricted Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) transactions that (i) are in the ordinary course of business and (ii) are at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to such Loan Party or such Restricted Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among any Loan Parties not involving any other Affiliate, (c) any Investment permitted by Section 6.04, (d) any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(c), provided that Indebtedness owed to non-Loan Parties must be on terms and conditions not less favorable to such Loan Party than could be obtained on an arm s length basis from unrelated third parties, (e) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.08, (f) loans or advances to officers, directors and employees permitted under Section 6.04, (g) the payment of reasonable fees to directors of any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary who are not employees of such Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary, and compensation and employee benefit arrangements paid to, and indemnities provided for the benefit of, directors, officers or employees of the Borrowers or their Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, and (h) any issuances of securities or other 

payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by a Borrower s board of directors. 
 
 SECTION 6.10	 Restrictive Agreements .	No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any 
 Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of such Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, or 
 (b) the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to any Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of any Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by any Requirement of Law or by any Loan Document or any agreement governing the Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the date hereof identified on Schedule 
 6.10 (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition), (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Restricted Subsidiary pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Restricted Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iv) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness and (v) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment thereof. 
 
 SECTION 6.11	 Amendment of Material Documents . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit 
 any Restricted Subsidiary to, amend, modify or waive any of its rights under (a) any agreement relating to any Subordinated Indebtedness except as permitted in accordance with the subordination terms thereof, 
 (b) its charter, articles or certificate of incorporation or organization, by-laws, operating, management or partnership agreement or other organizational documents if such amendments, modifications, or waivers, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) Material Indebtedness (other than on account of any refinancing thereof otherwise permitted hereunder, or with respect to any Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness) to the extent any such amendment, modification or waiver would result in a Default or Event of Default under any of the Loan Documents, would increase materially the obligations of the Loan Parties thereunder, confer any additional material rights on the holders of such Material Indebtedness, or otherwise materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Lenders or (d) Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness, except as permitted by the applicable Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement with respect thereto; provided that in each case under this Section 6.11 the Administrative Agent shall have received a copy, certified as true and complete, of any proposed amendment at least five (5) Business Days (or as such time may be extended in writing in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion) prior to the intended effectiveness thereof. 
 
 SECTION 6.12	 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio .	The Company will not permit the Fixed 
 Charge Coverage Ratio, as of the end of any fiscal quarter, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending immediately preceding the date on which Aggregate Availability is less than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level I), to be less than 1.0 to 1.0. Once such covenant is in effect, compliance with the covenant will be discontinued: (i) on the first date thereafter that (A) no Default or Event of Default exists and (B) Aggregate Availability is greater than or equal to the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level I) for a period of 90 consecutive days and (ii) no more than once in any period of 12 consecutive months. 
 
 SECTION 6.13	 Disqualified Stock .	The Company will not, and will not permit any 
 Restricted Subsidiary to, issue any Disqualified Stock, other than, in the case of the Restricted 

Subsidiaries, to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any issuance of Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to any Loan Party shall be subject to Section 6.04. 
 
 SECTION 6.14	 Canadian Pension Plans . The Loan Parties shall not (a) contribute to or 
 assume an obligation to contribute to any Canadian Defined Benefit Plan without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, or (b) acquire an interest in any Person if such Person sponsors, administers, maintains or contributes to or has any liability in respect of any Canadian Defined Benefit Plan, or at any time in the five-year period preceding such acquisition has sponsored, administered, maintained, or contributed to a Canadian Defined Benefit Plan, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 
 Events of Default 
 
 If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur: 
 
 (a) the Borrowers shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement 

obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise; or 
 
 (b) the Borrowers shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount 

(other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days; or 
 
 (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party 

or any Restricted Subsidiary in, or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been materially incorrect when made or deemed made (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects); or 
 
 (d) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement 

contained in Section 5.02(a), Section 5.03 (with respect to a Loan Party s existence), 5.08, 5.18 or in Article VI of this Agreement; or 
 
 (e) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement 

contained in this Agreement (other than those which constitute a default under another Section of this Article), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of (i) five (5) days after the earlier of knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative of such breach or notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) if such breach relates to terms or provisions of Section 5.01, Section 5.02 (other than Section 5.02(a)), Section 5.03 (other than with respect to a Loan Party s existence) through Section 5.07, Section 5.10, Section 5.11 or Section 5.13 of this Agreement or Article VII of the Security Agreement, or (ii) 30 days after the earlier of knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative of such breach or notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) if such breach relates to terms or provisions of any other Section of this Agreement; or 

(f) any Loan Party or Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or 

interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness (other than Specified L/C Obligations) or Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable; or 
 
 (g) (i) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness (other than 

Specified L/C Obligations) or Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness of any Loan Party or Subsidiary becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness (other than Specified L/C Obligations) or Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness or Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness to the extent such sale or transfer is permitted by Section 6.05, and (ii) any event or condition occurs that results in Specified L/C Obligations that constitute Material Indebtedness becoming due or requiring cash collateralization of any Specified L/C Obligation prior to its scheduled maturity or termination date; or 
 
 (h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed 

seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, a proposal or other relief in respect of a Loan Party or Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any federal, state, provincial or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, monitor, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Loan Party or Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; or 
 
 (i) any Loan Party or Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or proposal 

or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, arrangement or other relief under any federal, state, provincial or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, 
 (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, monitor, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for such Loan Party or Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or 
 
 (j) any Loan Party or Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability, or 

publicly declare its intention not to, or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; or 
 
 (k) (i) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 

15,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment and has not denied coverage) shall be rendered against any Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of any Loan Party or Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment; or (ii) any Loan Party or Subsidiary shall fail within thirty (30) days to discharge one or more non-monetary judgments or orders which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, which judgments or orders, in any such case, are not stayed on appeal or otherwise being appropriately contested in good faith by proper proceedings diligently pursued; or 

(l) (i) an ERISA Event or any event with respect to an employee benefit plan, including a 

Foreign Plan, shall have occurred that, in the reasonable opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events and events related to an employee benefit plan, including a Foreign Plan, that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or in the imposition of Liens securing an aggregate amount in excess of 5,000,000; or (ii) any Lien arises (except for contribution amounts not yet due) in connection with any Canadian Pension Plan which may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 
 
 (m) a Change in Control shall occur; or 

(n) the occurrence of any default , as defined in any Loan Document (other than this 

Agreement) or the breach of any of the terms or provisions of any Loan Document (other than this Agreement), which default or breach continues beyond any period of notice or grace therein provided; or 
 
 (o) the Loan Guaranty shall fail to remain in full force or effect or any action shall be taken 

to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of the Loan Guaranty, or any Loan Party shall deny that it has any further liability under the Loan Guaranty to which it is a party, or shall give notice to such effect, including, but not limited to notice of termination delivered pursuant to Section 10.08; or 
 
 (p) except as permitted by the terms of any Collateral Document or an Intercreditor 

Agreement, (i) any Collateral Document shall for any reason fail to create a valid security interest in any Collateral purported to be covered thereby having an aggregate value in excess of 5,000,000, or (ii) any Lien securing any Secured Obligation shall cease to be perfected and have the priority required by the applicable Collateral Document; or 
 
 (q) any Collateral Document covering a portion of the Collateral having a value in excess of 

5,000,000 or any material provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any reason ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or any Loan Party shall challenge the enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or shall assert in writing, or engage in any action that evidences its assertion, that any provision of any of this Agreement or any other Loan Document has ceased to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms); or 
 
 (r) (i) the subordination provisions of the documents evidencing or governing any 

Subordinated Indebtedness in excess of the principal sum of 10,000,000, or provisions of any Intercreditor Agreement (such provisions being referred to as the Intercreditor Provisions ), shall, in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be legally valid, binding and enforceable against any holder of the applicable Indebtedness; or (ii) any Borrower or any other Loan Party shall, directly or indirectly, disavow or contest in any manner (A) the effectiveness, validity or enforceability of such Intercreditor Provisions, (B) that the Intercreditor Provisions exist for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or (C) in the case of Subordinated Indebtedness, that all payments of principal of or premium and interest on the applicable Subordinated Indebtedness, or realized from the liquidation of any property of any Loan Party, shall be subject to any of the Intercreditor Provisions; 
 
 then, and in every such Event of Default (other than an Event of Default with respect to the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower Representative, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments (including the Swingline Commitment), whereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be 

declared to be due and payable), whereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Loan Parties accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Loan Parties and (iii) require cash collateral for the LC Exposure in accordance with Section 2.06(j) hereof; and in the case of any event with respect to the Loan Parties and Subsidiaries described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article, the Commitments (including the Swingline Commitment) shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding and cash collateral for the LC Exposure, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Loan Parties accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, increase the rate of interest applicable to the Loans and other Obligations to the extent set forth in this Agreement and exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC, the PPSA and other applicable laws. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 
 The Administrative Agent 
 
 SECTION 8.01	 Appointment .	Each of the Lenders, on behalf of itself and any of its 
 Affiliates that are Secured Parties and the Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf, including execution of the other Loan Documents, and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. In addition, to the extent required under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the U.S., each of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereby grants to the Administrative Agent any required powers of attorney to execute any Collateral Document governed by the laws of such jurisdiction on such Lender s or Issuing Bank s behalf. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (including the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank), and the Loan Parties shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent as used herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. Without limiting the powers of the Administrative Agent, for the purposes of holding any hypothec granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the laws of the Province of Quebec to secure the prompt payment and performance of any and all Secured Obligations by any Loan Party, each of the Secured Parties hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent and, to the extent necessary, ratifies the appointment and authorization of the Administrative Agent, to act as the hypothecary representative of the creditors as contemplated under Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Quebec, and to enter into, to take and to hold on their behalf, and for their benefit, any hypothec, and to exercise such powers and duties that are conferred upon the Attorney under any related deed of hypothec. The Administrative Agent shall: (a) have the sole and exclusive right and authority to exercise, except as may be otherwise specifically restricted by the terms hereof, all rights and remedies given to the Administrative Agent pursuant to any such deed of hypothec and applicable law, and (b) benefit from and be subject to all provisions hereof with respect to the Administrative Agent mutatis mutandis, including, without limitation, all such provisions with respect to the liability or responsibility to and indemnification by the Secured Parties and Loan Parties. Any person who becomes a Secured Party shall, by its execution of an Assignment and Assumption, be deemed to have consented 

to and confirmed the Administrative Agent as the person acting as hypothecary representative holding the aforesaid hypothecs as aforesaid and to have ratified, as of the date it becomes a Secured Party, all actions taken by the Administrative Agent in such capacity. The substitution of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the provisions of this Article VIII shall also constitute the substitution of the Administrative Agent as hypothecary representative as aforesaid. 
 
 SECTION 8.02	 Rights as a Lender . The bank serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder 
 shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or any Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. 
 
 SECTION 8.03	 Duties and Obligations . The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties 
 or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02), (c) neither the Administrative Agent nor any other agents hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall owe any duties to any Secured Party in such Secured Parties capacity as a non-Lender, and the Administrative Agent will no longer act as an agent in any capacity under the Loan Documents for the Secured Parties after payment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Commitments, and (d) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower Representative or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection with any Loan Document, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the creation, perfection or priority of Liens on the Collateral or the existence of the Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 SECTION 8.04	 Reliance . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall 
 not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

SECTION 8.05	 Actions through Sub-Agents . The Administrative Agent may perform any 
 and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties, including through its Toronto or London branches as applicable. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. 
 
 SECTION 8.06	 Resignation .	Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor 
 Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time by notifying the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Borrower Representative. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower Representative and with the consent of the Borrower Representative (unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or unless such successor is an existing Lender), to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by its successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Borrowers to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor, unless otherwise agreed by the Borrowers and such successor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrowers, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (a) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, provided that, solely for purposes of maintaining any security interest granted to the Administrative Agent under any Collateral Document for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to be vested with such security interest as collateral agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and, in the case of any Collateral in the possession of the Administrative Agent, shall continue to hold such Collateral, in each case until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed and accepts such appointment in accordance with this paragraph (it being understood and agreed that the retiring Administrative Agent shall have no duly or obligation to take any further action under any Collateral Document, including any action required to maintain the perfection of any such security interest), and (b) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, provided that (i) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (ii) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall also directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agent s resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article, Section 2.17(d) and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent and in respect of the matters referred to in the proviso under clause (a) above. 

SECTION 8.07	 Non-Reliance . 
 
 (a) Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that the extensions of credit made hereunder are 

commercial loans and letters of credit and not investments in a business enterprise or securities. Each Lender further represents that it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any arranger of this credit facility or any amendment thereto or any other Lender and their respective Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder. Each Lender shall, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any arranger of this credit facility or any amendment thereto or any other Lender and their respective Related Parties and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrowers and their Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder and in deciding whether or to the extent to which it will continue as a Lender or assign or otherwise transfer its rights, interests and obligations hereunder. 
 
 (b) Each Lender hereby agrees that (i) it has requested a copy of each Report prepared by or 

on behalf of the Administrative Agent; (ii) the Administrative Agent (A) makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the completeness or accuracy of any Report or any of the information contained therein or any inaccuracy or omission contained in or relating to a Report and (B) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Report; (iii) the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, and that any Person performing any field examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and will rely significantly upon the Loan Parties books and records, as well as on representations of the Loan Parties personnel and that the Administrative Agent undertakes no obligation to update, correct or supplement the Reports; (iv) it will keep all Reports confidential and strictly for its internal use, not share the Report with any Loan Party or any other Person except as otherwise permitted pursuant to this Agreement; and (v) without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, (A) it will hold the Administrative Agent and any such other Person preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any extension of credit that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to the Borrower, or the indemnifying Lender s participation in, or the indemnifying Lender s purchase of, a Loan or Loans; and 
 (B) it will pay and protect, and indemnify, defend, and hold the Administrative Agent and any such other Person preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by the Administrative Agent or any such other Person as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender. 
 
 SECTION 8.08	 Other Agency Titles .	The joint bookrunners, joint lead arrangers, 
 co-syndication agents and documentation agent shall not have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of such Lenders shall have or be deemed to have a fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender hereby makes the same acknowledgments with respect to the relevant Lenders in their respective capacities a joint bookrunner, joint lead arranger, syndication agent or documentation agent, as applicable, as it makes with respect to the Administrative Agent in the preceding paragraph. 
 
 SECTION 8.09	 Not Partners or Co-Venturers; Administrative Agent as Representative of the 
 Secured Parties . (a) The Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the 

acts or omissions of, or (except as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Administrative Agent) authorized to act for, any other Lender. The Administrative Agent shall have the exclusive right on behalf of the Lenders to enforce the payment of the principal of and interest on any Loan after the date such principal or interest has become due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 (b)	In its capacity, the Administrative Agent is a representative of the Secured Parties 
 within the meaning of the term secured party as defined in the New York Uniform Commercial Code. Each Lender authorizes the Administrative Agent to enter into each of the Collateral Documents to which it is a party and to take all action contemplated by such documents. Each Lender agrees that no Secured Party (other than the Administrative Agent) shall have the right individually to seek to realize upon the security granted by any Collateral Document, it being understood and agreed that such rights and remedies may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties upon the terms of the Collateral Documents. In the event that any Collateral is hereafter pledged by any Person as collateral security for the Secured Obligations, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, and hereby granted a power of attorney, to execute and deliver on behalf of the Secured Parties any Loan Documents necessary or appropriate to grant and perfect a Lien on such Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties. 
 
 SECTION 8.10	 Flood Laws .	JPMCB has adopted internal policies and procedures that 
 address requirements placed on federally regulated lenders under the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 and related legislation (the Flood Laws ). JPMCB, as administrative agent or collateral agent on a syndicated facility, will post on the applicable electronic platform (or otherwise distribute to each Lender in the syndicate) documents that it receives in connection with the Flood Laws. However, JPMCB reminds each Lender and Participant in the facility that, pursuant to the Flood Laws, each federally regulated Lender (whether acting as a Lender or Participant in the facility) is responsible for assuring its own compliance with the flood insurance requirements. 
 
 SECTION 8.11	 Additional Secured Parties .	The benefit of the provisions of the Loan 
 Documents directly relating to the Collateral or any Lien granted thereunder shall extend to and be available to any Secured Party that is not a Lender or Issuing Bank party hereto as long as, by accepting such benefits, such Secured Party agrees, as among Administrative Agent and all other Secured Parties, that such Secured Party is bound by (and, if requested by Administrative Agent, shall confirm such agreement in a writing in form and substance acceptable to Administrative Agent) this Article VIII and Sections 2.17, 2.18(d), 9.01, 9.03(c), 9.04, 9.06, 9.08, 9.12, 9.16 and 9.18 (and, solely with respect to Issuing Banks, Section 2.06) and the decisions and actions of Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders (or, where expressly required by the terms of this Agreement, a greater proportion of the Lenders or other parties hereto as required herein) to the same extent a Lender is bound; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) such Secured Party shall be bound by Sections 2.17(e), 8.06, 8.07 and 9.03(c) only to the extent of all claims, actions, suits, judgments, damages, losses, liability, obligations, responsibilities, fines, penalties, sanctions, costs, fees, Taxes, commissions, charges, disbursements and expenses (including, without limitation, those incurred upon any appeal or in connection with the preparation for and/or response to any subpoena or request for document production relating thereto), in each case of any kind or nature (including interest accrued thereon or as a result thereto and fees, charges and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors and consultants), whether joint or several, whether or not indirect, contingent, consequential, actual, punitive, treble or otherwise, costs and expenses with respect to or otherwise relating to the Collateral held for the benefit of such Secured Party, in which case the obligations of such Secured Party thereunder shall not be limited by any concept of pro rata share or similar concept, (b) each of Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks party hereto shall be entitled to act at its sole discretion, without regard to the interest of such Secured Party, regardless of whether any Obligation to such Secured Party thereafter remains outstanding, is deprived of the benefit of the Collateral, becomes unsecured or is otherwise affected or put in jeopardy thereby, and 

without any duty or liability to such Secured Party or any such Obligation and (c) except as otherwise set forth herein, such Secured Party shall not have any right to be notified of, consent to, direct, require or be heard with respect to, any action taken or omitted in respect of the Collateral or under any Loan Document. 
 
 SECTION 8.12	 Certain ERISA Matters . 
 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender 

party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Joint Leader Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 

2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments; 
 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-4 (a 

class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; 
 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional 

Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; or 
 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing 

between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 
 (b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with 

respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Joint Leader Arrangers, and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that: 

(i) none of the Administrative Agent or the Joint Leader Arrangers or any of their 

respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto); 
 
 (ii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect 

to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21) and is a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other person that holds, or has under management or control, total assets of at least 50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E); 
 
 (iii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect 

to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of the Obligations); 
 
 (iv) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect 

to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder, and 
 
 (v) no fee or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent 

or the Joint Leader Arrangers or any their respective Affiliates for investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement. 
 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and the Joint Leader Arrangers hereby inform the Lenders that 

each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 SECTION 9.01	 Notices .	(a)	Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone or Electronic Systems (and subject in each case to paragraph below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be 

delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile (where a fax number is indicated below), as follows: 
 
 (i) if to any Loan Party, to the Borrower Representative at: 

Urban Outfitters, Inc. 
 5000 South Broad Street 
 Philadelphia, PA 19112 
 Attention: Chief Financial Officer 
 Email: fconforti@urbn.com 
 
 With a copy to: 
 
 Urban Outfitters, Inc. 
 5000 South Broad Street 
 Philadelphia, PA 19112 
 Attention: General Counsel 
 Email: azhayne@urbn.com 
 
 With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 
 Drinker Biddle Reath LLP 
 105 College Road East 
 P.O. Box 627 
 Princeton, NJ 08542-0627 
 Attention: Judith E. Reich 
 Facsimile No: (609) 799-7000 
 Email: judith.reich@dbr.com 
 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, JPMCB in its capacity as an Issuing Bank or the 

Swingline Lender, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. at: 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 925 Westchester Avenue, 3rd Floor 
 White Plains, NY 10604 
 Attention: Account Executive Urban Outfitters 
 Facsimile No: (914) 949-4871 
 Email: DONNA.DIFORIO@jpmorgan.com 
 
 With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 
 Winston Strawn LLP 
 300 South Tryon Street 
 Charlotte, NC 28202 
 Attention: Jason E. Bennett 
 Facsimile No: (704) 350-7800 
 Email: jbennett@winston.com 

(iii) in addition to notices pursuant to clause (ii) above, with respect to any Borrowing 

in any currency (other than U.S. Dollars), to the Persons at the address or facsimile number set forth on Schedule 9.01. 
 
 (iv) if to any other Lender or Issuing Bank, to it at its address or facsimile number set 

forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 
 All such notices and other communications (i) sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received, (ii) sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent, provided that if not given during normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day of the recipient, or (iii) delivered through Electronic Systems to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below shall be effective as provided in such paragraph. 
 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or 

furnished by Electronic Systems pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative (on behalf of the Loan Parties) may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by Electronic Systems pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. In the case of notices from the Borrower Representative to the Administrative Agent or from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower Representative, such acceptable and approved Electronic Systems include email to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative at the email addresses identified above or as otherwise designated in writing pursuant to Section 9.01(c) below. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise proscribes, all such notices and other communications (i) sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if not given during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, e-mail or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day of the recipient. 
 
 (c) Any party hereto may change its address, facsimile number or e-mail address for notices 

and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 
 (d) Electronic Systems. 

(i) Each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be 

obligated to, make Communications (as defined below) available to the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar Electronic System. 
 
 (ii) Any Electronic System used by the Administrative Agent is provided as is and 

as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of such Electronic Systems and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or 

freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or any Electronic System. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrowers or the other Loan Parties, any Lender, the Issuing Bank or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Borrower s, any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of communications through an Electronic System. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Electronic System. 
 
 SECTION 9.02	 Waivers; Amendments . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, 
 the Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder and under any other Loan Document are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 
 (b) Except as provided in the first sentence of Section 2.09(f) (with respect to any 

commitment increase) and subject to Section 2.14(c), neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except (x) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders or (y) in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto, with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender), (ii) reduce or forgive the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce or forgive any interest or fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby (except (1) in connection with the waiver of applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates, which waiver shall be effective with the consent of the Required Lenders and (2) that any amendment or modification of defined terms used in the determination of any Borrowing Base shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (ii)), (iii) postpone any scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any date for the payment of any interest, fees or other Obligations payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby (except (1) in connection with the waiver of applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates, which waiver shall be effective with the consent of the Required Lenders and (2) that any amendment or modification of defined terms used in the determination of any Borrowing Base shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this 

clause (iii)), (iv) change Section 2.18(b) or (d) in a manner that would alter the manner in which payments are shared, without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (v) increase the advance rates set forth in the definition of any Borrowing Base or add new categories of eligible assets, without the written consent of each Revolving Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (vi) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby, 
 (vii) change Section 2.20, without the consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (viii) release any Borrower from the Obligations or Loan Party from its obligation under its Loan Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents), without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), or (ix) except as provided in clause (c) of this Section or in any Collateral Document, release all or substantially all of the Collateral, without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender); provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be (it being understood that any amendment to Section 2.20 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender). The Administrative Agent may also amend the Commitment Schedule to reflect assignments entered into pursuant to Section 9.04, and this Agreement may be amended without any additional consents to provide for increased Commitments in the manner contemplated by Section 2.09. Any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that by its terms affects the rights or duties under this Agreement of (i) the U.S. Lenders (but not the Canadian Lenders) or (ii) the Canadian Lenders (but not the U.S. Lenders), in each case, may be effected by an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower Representative and the requisite number or percentage in interest of each such affected Lenders that would be required to consent thereto under this Section if such affected Lenders were the only Lenders hereunder at the time. 
 
 (c) The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option 

and in its sole discretion, (i) to release any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by the Loan Parties on any Collateral (A) upon the termination of all the Commitments, payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations) and the Cash Collateralization (or, at the discretion of the Administrative Agent, the providing of a backup standby letter of credit satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks) of all outstanding Letters of Credit, (B) constituting property being sold or disposed of if the Loan Party disposing of such property certifies to the Administrative Agent that the sale or disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), and to the extent that the property being sold or disposed of constitutes 100 of the Equity Interest of a Subsidiary, the Administrative Agent is authorized to release any Loan Guaranty provided by such Subsidiary, (C) constituting property leased to a Loan Party under a lease which has expired or been terminated in a transaction not prohibited under this Agreement, (D) as required to effect any sale or other disposition of such Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Article VII, and (E) constituting property of a Loan Party that is being released as a Loan Party as provided below, and (ii) to release any Loan Guaranty provided by any Loan Party that is (A) dissolved pursuant to Section 6.03(a)(v) in connection with a voluntary liquidation or dissolution thereof permitted by such Section or (B) upon the disposition of all of the outstanding Equity Interests of a Subsidiary of the Borrower to a Person other than a Borrower or a Subsidiary in a transaction permitted by Section 6.05 and, in connection therewith, to release any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by such Subsidiary on any Collateral, if the Company certifies to the Administrative Agent that such liquidation or dissolution is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further 

inquiry). The Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby further irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into a Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement in connection with the incurrence by the Company of any Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness and pursuant to such Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, to establish, maintain and subordinate any Lien, for the benefit of the Lenders and the other Secured Parties, on real property, Equity Interests and intellectual property of the Loan Parties; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this sentence shall authorize the Administrative Agent to release or subordinate any Lien on assets of the type included in any Borrowing Base (other than real property) or assets related thereto described in any Security Agreement as of the date hereof. Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly being released) upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Loan Parties, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. Any execution and delivery by the Administrative Agent of documents in connection with any such release shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (d) If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent 

of each Lender or each Lender affected thereby, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but has not been obtained being referred to herein as a Non-Consenting Lender ), then the Borrowers may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 9.04, and (ii) the Borrowers shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in same day funds on the day of such replacement (1) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by the Borrowers hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Non-Consenting Lender under Section 2.15 and Section 2.17, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 2.16 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the 

consent of the Borrower Representative only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency. 
 
 SECTION 9.03	 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver . (a) Except as otherwise provided in 
 this Agreement, the Loan Parties shall, jointly and severally, pay all (i) reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel (in each case limited to one primary law firm and one law firm in each relevant jurisdiction, except in the case of actual or perceived conflicts of interest, in which case, such additional counsel for the affected persons) for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through an Electronic System) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions of the Loan Documents (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel (in each case limited to one primary law firm and one law firm in each relevant jurisdiction, except in the case of actual or perceived conflicts of 

interest, in which case, such additional counsel for the affected persons) for the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of its rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit (in each case limited to one primary law firm and one law firm in each relevant jurisdiction, except in the case of actual or perceived conflicts of interest, in which case, such additional counsel for the affected persons). Such reasonable and documented (if applicable) out-of-pocket expenses being reimbursed by the Loan Parties under this Section include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with: 
 
 (i) appraisals and insurance reviews; 

(ii) field examinations and the preparation of Reports based on the fees charged by a 

third party retained by the Administrative Agent or the internally allocated fees for each Person employed by the Administrative Agent with respect to each field examination; 
 
 (iii) background checks regarding senior management, as deemed necessary or 

appropriate in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent; 
 
 (iv) Taxes, fees and other charges for (A) lien searches and (B) filing financing 

statements and continuations, and other actions to perfect, protect, and continue the Administrative Agent s Liens; 
 
 (v) sums paid or incurred to take any action required of any Loan Party under the 

Loan Documents that such Loan Party fails to pay or take; and 
 
 (vi) forwarding loan proceeds, collecting checks and other items of payment, and 

establishing and maintaining the accounts and lock boxes, and costs and expenses of preserving and protecting the Collateral. 
 
 All of the foregoing fees, costs and expenses may be charged to the Borrowers as Revolving Loans or to another deposit account, all as described in Section 2.18(c). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Loan Party that is a Foreign Subsidiary or a CFC Holdco shall be obligated to make any payment in respect of the amount of any Loans made to a U.S. Borrower or any other obligations of a U.S. Loan Party. 
 
 (b) The Loan Parties shall, jointly and severally, indemnify the Administrative Agent, the 

Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, penalties, incremental taxes, liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee (in each case limited to one primary law firm and one law firm in each relevant jurisdiction, except in the case of actual or perceived conflicts of interest, in which case, such additional counsel for the affected persons), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, or any Environmental 

Liability related in any way to a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, (iv) the failure of a Loan Party to deliver to the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other required documentary evidence with respect to a payment made by a Loan Party for Taxes pursuant to Section 2.17, or (v) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, penalties, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Loan Party that is a Foreign Subsidiary or a CFC Holdco shall be obligated to make any payment in respect of the amount of any Loans made to a U.S. Borrower or any other obligations of a U.S. Loan Party. 
 
 (c) To the extent that any Loan Party fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the 

Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank (or any Related Party of any of the foregoing) under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank (or any Related Party of any of the foregoing), as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (it being understood that any such payment by the Lenders shall not relieve any Loan Party of any default in the payment thereof); provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, penalty, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank in its capacity as such. 
 
 (d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Loan Party shall assert, and each Loan 

Party hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee (i) for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet) or (ii) on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that, nothing in this paragraph (d) shall relieve any Loan Party of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee against special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. 

(e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 

SECTION 9.04	 Successors and Assigns .	(a)	The provisions of this Agreement shall be 
 binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that 
 (i) no Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent 

expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) (i)	Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may 

assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of: 
 
 (A) the Borrower Representative, provided that the Borrower Representative 

shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days after having received notice thereof, and provided further that no consent of the Borrower Representative shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee; 
 
 (B) the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld 

or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of the Revolving Loans if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment in respect of such Revolving Loan, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender; 
 
 (C) each Issuing Bank; and 

(D) the Swingline Lender. 

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 

(A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate or branch 

of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Borrower Representative shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 
 
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a 

proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including its obligations to fund the Loans and other products under the Foreign Currency Sublimit); 
 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the 

Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption or to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 and the tax forms required by Section 2.17(f); and 

(D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the 

Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Company, the other Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal, state and provincial securities laws; and 
 
 (E) each assignee Lender shall acquire an equal proportionate share (as 

determined by the assigned Commitments in relation to all other Commitments of other Lenders), either directly, or through an Affiliate or a branch, of the Foreign Currency Sublimit and Canadian Sublimit. 
 
 For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meanings: 
 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate or branch of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 
 Ineligible Institution means a (a) natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Parent, (c) holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof; provided that, such holding company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Institution if it (x) has not been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or Commitments, (y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans, and (z) has assets greater than 25,000,000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business; provided that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, any Person (other than a Lender) shall be an Ineligible Institution if after giving effect to any proposed assignment to such Person, such Person would hold more than 25 of the then outstanding Aggregate Credit Exposure or Commitments, as the case may be or (d) a Loan Party or a Subsidiary or other Affiliate of a Loan Party. 
 
 (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this 

Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.15, Section 2.16, Section 2.17 and Section 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the 

Borrowers, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and 

the Commitment of, and principal amount of and stated interest on the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers, the Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 
 (v) Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed 

by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05, Section 2.06(d) or (e), Section 2.07(b), Section 2.18(d) or Section 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 
 (c) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the 

Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant other than an Ineligible Institution in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (C) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. The Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.15, Section 2.16 and Section 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(f) and Section 2.17(g) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender and the information and documentation required under Section 2.17(g) will be delivered to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 2.18 and Section 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 or Section 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. 

Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrowers request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrowers to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(d) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of 

its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 
 SECTION 9.05	 Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by 
 the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Section 2.15, Section 2.16, Section 2.17 and Section 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 
 SECTION 9.06	 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution .	(a)	This 
 Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to 
 (i) fees payable to the Administrative Agent and (ii) increases or reductions of the Issuing Bank Sublimit of the Issuing Bank constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received 

counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 
 (b)	Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy, 
 emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent. 
 
 SECTION 9.07	 Severability . Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal 
 or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 SECTION 9.08	 Right of Setoff .	If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
 continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any of and all the Obligations held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be unmatured; provided that the foregoing authorization shall not entitle any Lender to apply any deposits to the extent that such deposit constitutes an Excluded Asset. The applicable Lender shall notify the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent of such set-off or application, provided that any failure to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such set-off or application under this Section. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NO LENDER, NO ISSUING BANK AND NO PARTICIPANT SHALL EXERCISE ANY RIGHT OF SETOFF, BANKER S LIEN, OR THE LIKE AGAINST ANY DEPOSIT ACCOUNT OR PROPERTY OF ANY LOAN PARTY HELD OR MAINTAINED BY SUCH LENDER WITHOUT THE WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. 
 
 SECTION 9.09	 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process . (a) The Loan 
 Documents (other than those containing a contrary express choice of law provision) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, but giving effect to federal laws applicable to national banks; provided, however, that if the laws of any jurisdiction other than New York shall govern in regard to the validity, perfection or effect of perfection of any lien or in regard to procedural matters affecting enforcement of any liens in collateral, such laws of such other jurisdictions shall continue to apply to that extent. 

(b) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its 

property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of any U.S. Federal or New York State court sitting in New York, New York in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Documents, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 
 (c) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it 

may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 
 (d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner 

provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 
 SECTION 9.10	 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL .	EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY 
 WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, OTHER AGENT (INCLUDING ANY ATTORNEY) OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 
 SECTION 9.11	 Headings .	Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used 
 herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 9.12	 Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the 
 Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by any Requirement of Law or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to 

this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Loan Parties and their obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower Representative or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other than any Loan Party other than as a result of a breach of this Section or of, as far as such recipient is aware, a breach of an obligation of confidentiality of such source with respect to such information. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrowers relating to the Borrowers or their business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrowers and other than information pertaining to this Agreement provided by arrangers to date service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrowers after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 
 EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 9.12 FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY, AND ITS AFFILIATES, THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 
 ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE LOAN PARTIES OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY, THE LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE LOAN PARTIES AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 
 SECTION 9.13	 Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law .	The respective 
 obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and the failure of any Lender to make any Loan or perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying on or looking to any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board) for the repayment of the Borrowings provided for herein. Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, neither the Issuing Bank nor any Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to the Borrowers in violation of any Requirement of Law. 

SECTION 9.14	 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the 
 USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 
 SECTION 9.15	 Disclosure .	Each Loan Party, each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby 
 acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with any of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates. 
 
 SECTION 9.16	 Appointment for Perfection . Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender 
 as its agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC, the PPSA or any other applicable law can be perfected only by possession or control. Should any Lender (other than the Administrative Agent) obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Administrative Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agent s instructions. 
 
 SECTION 9.17	 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if 
 at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions of Section 9.17, if any provision of any of the Loan Documents would obligate any Canadian Loan Party to make any payment of interest with respect to the Canadian Secured Obligations in an amount or calculated at a rate which would be prohibited by any Requirement of Law or would result in the receipt of interest with respect to the Canadian Secured Obligations at a criminal rate (as such terms are construed under the Criminal Code (Canada)), then notwithstanding such provision, such amount or rates shall be deemed to have been adjusted with retroactive effect to the maximum amount or rate of interest, as the case may be, as would not be so prohibited by law or so result in a receipt by the applicable recipient of interest with respect to the Canadian Secured Obligations at a criminal rate, such adjustment to be effected, to the extent necessary, as follows: (i) first, by reducing the amount or rates of interest required to be paid by the Canadian Loan Parties to the applicable recipient under the Loan Documents; and (ii) thereafter, by reducing any fees, commissions, premiums and other amounts required to be paid by the Canadian Loan Parties to the applicable recipient which would constitute interest with respect to the Canadian Secured Obligations for purposes of Section 347 of the Criminal Code (Canada). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and after giving effect to all adjustments contemplated thereby, if the applicable recipient shall have received an amount in excess of the maximum permitted by that section of the Criminal Code (Canada), then Canadian Loan Parties shall be entitled, by notice in writing to the Administrative Agent, to obtain reimbursement from the applicable recipient in an amount equal to such excess, and pending such reimbursement, such amount shall be deemed to be an amount payable by the applicable recipient to the applicable Canadian Loan Party. Any amount or rate of interest with respect to the Canadian Secured 

Obligations referred to in this Section 9.17 shall be determined in accordance with generally accepted actuarial practices and principles as an effective annual rate of interest over the term that any Canadian Revolver Loans to Canadian Borrower remains outstanding on the assumption that any charges, fees or expenses that fall within the meaning of interest (as defined in the Criminal Code (Canada)) shall, if they relate to a specific period of time, be prorated over that period of time and otherwise be prorated over the period from the Effective Date to the date of full payment of the Canadian Secured Obligations, and, in the event of a dispute, a certificate of a Fellow of the Canadian Institute of Actuaries appointed by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive for the purposes of such determination. 
 
 SECTION 9.18	 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of 
 each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that: (i) 
 (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between such Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Lenders and their Affiliates, on the other hand, (B) such Loan Party has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) such Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) each of the Lenders and their Affiliates is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for such Loan Party or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) no Lender or any of its Affiliates has any obligation to such Loan Party or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except, in the case of a Lender, those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) each of the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of such Loan Party and its Affiliates, and no Lender or any of its Affiliates has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to such Loan Party or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against each of the Lenders and their Affiliates with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 
 SECTION 9.19	 Marketing Consent . The Borrowers hereby authorize JPMCB, Wells Fargo, 
 Bank of America, N.A., and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, and each of their respective affiliates (including without limitation J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC), at their respective sole expense, but without any prior approval by the Borrowers, to publish such tombstones and give such other customary publicity to this Agreement as each may from time to time determine in its sole discretion provided that no non-public, sensitive or trade information shall be included in any such tombstone, publication, press release or other form of publicity and no consent is hereby given to the release of non-public, sensitive or trade information. The foregoing authorization shall remain in effect unless and until the Borrower Representative notifies each of the foregoing parties in writing that such authorization is revoked. 
 
 SECTION 9.20	 Authorization to Distribute Certain Materials to Public-Siders . 
 
 (a) If the Borrowers do not file this Agreement with the SEC, then the Borrowers hereby 

authorize the Administrative Agent to distribute the execution version of this Agreement and the Loan Documents to all Lenders, including their Public-Siders. Each Borrower acknowledges its understanding that Public-Siders and their firms may be trading in any of the Loan Parties respective securities while in possession of the Loan Documents. 
 
 (b) Each Borrower represents and warrants that none of the information in the Loan 

Documents constitutes or contains material non-public information within the meaning of federal and 

state securities laws. To the extent that any of the executed Loan Documents constitutes at any time material non-public information within the meaning of the federal and state securities laws after the date hereof, each Borrower agrees that it will promptly make such information publicly available by press release or public filing with the SEC. 
 
 SECTION 9.21	 Judgment Currency . If for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court it 
 is necessary to convert an amount due hereunder in the currency in which it is due (the Original Currency into another currency (the Second Currency ), the rate of exchange applied shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures, the Administrative Agent could purchase the Original Currency with the Second Currency at the Spot Rate on the date two Business Days preceding that on which judgment is given. Each Loan Party agrees that its obligation in respect of any Original Currency due from it hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment or payment in such other currency, be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following the date the Administrative Agent receives payment of any sum so adjudged to be due hereunder in the Second Currency, the Administrative Agent may, in accordance with normal banking procedures, purchase, in the New York foreign exchange market, the Original Currency with the amount of the Second Currency so paid; and if the amount of the Original Currency so purchased or could have been so purchased is less than the amount originally due in the Original Currency, each Loan Party agrees as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such payment or judgment to indemnify the Administrative Agent against such loss. The term rate of exchange in this Section means the Spot Rate at which the Administrative Agent, in accordance with normal practices, is able on the relevant date to purchase the Original Currency with the Second Currency, and includes any premium and costs of exchange payable in connection with such purchase. 
 
 SECTION 9.22	 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution 

Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 
 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments 

of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the 

write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
 
 SECTION 9.23	 Canadian Anti-Money Laundering Legislation . 
 
 (a) Each Loan Party acknowledges that, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act and other 

applicable Canadian anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing, government sanction and know 

your client laws (collectively, including any guidelines or orders thereunder, AML Legislation ), the Secured Parties may be required to obtain, verify and record information regarding the Loan Parties and their respective directors, authorized signing officers, direct or indirect shareholders or other Persons in control of the Loan Parties, and the transactions contemplated hereby. Each Loan Party shall promptly provide all such information, including supporting documentation and other evidence, as may be reasonably requested by any Secured Party or any prospective assignee or participant of a Secured Party, in order to comply with any applicable AML Legislation, whether now or hereafter in existence. 
 
 (c) If the Administrative Agent has ascertained the identity of any Loan Party or any 

authorized signatories of the Loan Parties for the purposes of applicable AML Legislation, then the Administrative Agent: 
 
 (i) shall be deemed to have done so as an agent for each Secured Party, and this Agreement shall constitute a written agreement in such regard between each Secured Party and the Administrative Agent within the meaning of the applicable AML Legislation; and 

(ii) shall provide to each Secured Party copies of all information obtained in such regard without any representation or warranty as to its accuracy or completeness. 

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence and except as may otherwise be agreed in writing, each of the Lenders agrees that the Administrative Agent has no obligation to ascertain the identity of the Loan Parties or any authorized signatories of the Loan Parties on behalf of any Lender, or to confirm the completeness or accuracy of any information it obtains from any Loan Party or any such authorized signatory in doing so. 
 
 SECTION 9.24	 Amendment and Restatement .	This Agreement amends, restates and 
 supersedes in full the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the U.S. Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents are not intended and should not be construed to (a) deem the Borrowers to have repaid or otherwise discharged any amount of principal of or interest of the Existing Loans or the Existing Letters of Credit, (b) effect (with respect to the Collateral in which the Administrative Agent retains a security interest or lien previously granted to the Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement, the Existing Security Agreement or any other document, agreement or instrument executed in connection therewith) a novation or otherwise to release such security interests or liens or (c) effect a novation or otherwise release the obligations and liabilities under, or extinguish such obligations and liabilities evidenced by, the Existing Credit Agreement, the Existing Letters of Credit or any other document, agreement or instrument executed in connection therewith. 
 
 ARTICLE X 
 
 Loan Guaranty of U.S. Loan Parties 
 
 SECTION 10.01	 Guaranty .	Each Loan Guarantor (other than those that have delivered a 
 separate Guaranty) that is a U.S. Loan Party (each reference to Loan Guarantors in this Article X being limited to U.S. Loan Parties) hereby agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and, as a primary obligor and not merely as surety, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Secured Parties, the prompt payment and performance when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Secured Obligations and all costs and expenses, including, without limitation, all court costs and attorneys and paralegals fees (including allocated costs of 

in-house counsel and paralegals) and expenses paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders in endeavoring to collect all or any part of the Secured Obligations from, or in prosecuting any action against, any Borrower, any other Loan Guarantor or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Secured Obligations (such costs and expenses, together with the Secured Obligations, collectively the Guaranteed Obligations provided , however , that the definition of Guaranteed Obligations shall not create any guarantee by any Loan Guarantor of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Guarantor to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Guarantor). Each Loan Guarantor further agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed in whole or in part without notice to or further assent from it, and that it remains bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any such extension or renewal. All terms of this Loan Guaranty apply to and may be enforced by or on behalf of any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of any Lender or Issuing Bank that extended any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations. 
 
 SECTION 10.02	 Guaranty of Payment . This Loan Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not 
 of collection. Each Loan Guarantor waives any right to require the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender to sue any Borrower, any other Loan Guarantor, any other guarantor of, or any other Person obligated for, all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (each, an Obligated Party ), or to enforce its rights against any collateral securing all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations. 
 
 SECTION 10.03	 No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty . (a) Except as otherwise 
 provided for herein, the obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations), including: (i) any claim of waiver, release, extension, renewal, settlement, surrender, alteration or compromise of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, by operation of law or otherwise; (ii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of any Loan Party or any other Obligated Party liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting any Obligated Party or their assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Obligated Party; or (iv) the existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which any Loan Guarantor may have at any time against any Obligated Party, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or in any unrelated transaction. 
 
 (b) The obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are not subject to any defense or 

setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit payment by any Obligated Party, of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof. 
 
 (c) Further, the obligations of any Loan Guarantor hereunder are not discharged or impaired 

or otherwise affected by: (i) the failure of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; (ii) any waiver or modification of or supplement to any provision of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any release, non-perfection or invalidity of any indirect or direct security for the obligations of any Loan Party for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any obligations of any other Obligated Party liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (iv) any action or failure to act by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender with respect to any collateral securing any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; or (v) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other circumstance, act, omission or delay that might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Loan Guarantor or that 

would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Loan Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations). 
 
 SECTION 10.04	 Defenses Waived . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each 
 Loan Guarantor hereby waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any Loan Guarantor or the unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any Loan Guarantor or any other Obligated Party, other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against any Obligated Party or any other Person. Each Loan Guarantor confirms that it is not a surety under any state law and shall not raise any such law as a defense to its obligations hereunder. The Administrative Agent may, at its election, foreclose on any Collateral held by it by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such Collateral in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise act or fail to act with respect to any collateral securing all or a part of the Guaranteed Obligations, compromise or adjust any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation with any Obligated Party or exercise any other right or remedy available to it against any Obligated Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of such Loan Guarantor under this Loan Guaranty except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have been fully and indefeasibly paid in cash. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any such election even though that election may operate, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Loan Guarantor against any Obligated Party or any security. 
 
 SECTION 10.05	 Rights of Subrogation . No Loan Guarantor will assert any right, claim or 
 cause of action, including, without limitation, a claim of subrogation, contribution or indemnification, that it has against any Obligated Party or any Collateral, until the Loan Parties have fully performed all their obligations to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Lenders, and the other Secured Parties. 
 
 SECTION 10.06	 Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration . If at any time any payment of any 
 portion of the Guaranteed Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Loan Guarantor or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a Secured Party in its discretion), each Loan Guarantor s obligations under this Loan Guaranty with respect to that payment shall be reinstated at such time as though the payment had not been made and whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Lenders, or the other Secured Parties are in possession of this Loan Guaranty. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Loan Party, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations shall nonetheless be payable by the Loan Guarantors forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 SECTION 10.07	 Information . Each Loan Guarantor assumes all responsibility for being and 
 keeping itself informed of the Loan Parties financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that each Loan Guarantor assumes and incurs under this Loan Guaranty, and agrees that none of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender shall have any duty to advise any Loan Guarantor of information known to it regarding those circumstances or risks. 
 
 SECTION 10.08	 Termination . Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank may continue to 
 make loans or extend credit to the Borrowers based on this Loan Guaranty until five (5) days after it receives written notice of termination from any Loan Guarantor. Notwithstanding receipt of any such 

notice, each Loan Guarantor will continue to be liable to the Lenders for any Guaranteed Obligations created, assumed or committed to prior to the fifth day after receipt of the notice, and all subsequent renewals, extensions, modifications and amendments with respect to, or substitutions for, all or any part of such Guaranteed Obligations. Nothing in this Section 10.08 shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of, or eliminate, limit, reduce or otherwise impair any rights or remedies the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have in respect of, any Default or Event of Default that shall exist under Article VII hereof as a result of any such notice of termination. 
 
 SECTION 10.09	 Taxes . Each payment of the Guaranteed Obligations will be made by each 
 Loan Guarantor without withholding for any Taxes, unless such withholding is required by law. If any Loan Guarantor determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it is so required to withhold Taxes, then such Loan Guarantor may so withhold and shall timely pay the full amount of withheld Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. If such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the amount payable by such Loan Guarantor shall be increased as necessary so that, net of such withholding (including such withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section), the Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank (as the case may be) receives the amount it would have received had no such withholding been made, and Section 2.17(g) shall apply to the extent relevant. 
 
 SECTION 10.10	 Maximum Liability .	Notwithstanding any other provision of this Loan 
 Guaranty, the amount guaranteed by each Loan Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to the extent, if any, required so that its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, Uniform Voidable Transaction Act or similar statute or common law. In determining the limitations, if any, on the amount of any Loan Guarantor s obligations hereunder pursuant to the preceding sentence, it is the intention of the parties hereto that any rights of subrogation, indemnification or contribution which such Loan Guarantor may have under this Loan Guaranty, any other agreement or applicable law shall be taken into account. 
 
 SECTION 10.11	 Contribution . 
 
 (a) To the extent that any Loan Guarantor shall make a payment under this Loan Guaranty (a 

Guarantor Payment which, taking into account all other Guarantor Payments then previously or concurrently made by any other Loan Guarantor, exceeds the amount which otherwise would have been paid by or attributable to such Loan Guarantor if each Loan Guarantor had paid the aggregate Guaranteed Obligations satisfied by such Guarantor Payment in the same proportion as such Loan Guarantor s Allocable Amount (as defined below) (as determined immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment) bore to the aggregate Allocable Amounts of each of the Loan Parties as determined immediately prior to the making of such Guarantor Payment, then, following indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guarantor Payment and the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations that have not yet arisen), and all Commitments and Letters of Credit have terminated or expired or, in the case of all Letters of Credit, are fully collateralized on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, and this Agreement, the Swap Agreement Obligations and the Banking Services Obligations have terminated, such Loan Guarantor shall be entitled to receive contribution and indemnification payments from, and be reimbursed by, each other Loan Guarantor for the amount of such excess, pro rata based upon their respective Allocable Amounts in effect immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment. 
 
 (b) As of any date of determination, the Allocable Amount of any Loan Guarantor shall be 

equal to the excess of the fair saleable value of the property of such Loan Guarantor over the total liabilities of such Loan Guarantor (including the maximum amount reasonably expected to become due in 

respect of contingent liabilities, calculated, without duplication, assuming each other Loan Guarantor that is also liable for such contingent liability pays its ratable share thereof), giving effect to all payments made by other Loan Parties as of such date in a manner to maximize the amount of such contributions. 
 
 (c) This Section 10.11 is intended only to define the relative rights of the Loan Guarantors, 

and nothing set forth in this Section 10.11 is intended to or shall impair the obligations of the Loan Guarantors, jointly and severally, to pay any amounts as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Article X. 
 
 (d) The parties hereto acknowledge that the rights of contribution and indemnification 

hereunder shall constitute assets of the Loan Guarantor or Loan Guarantors to which such contribution and indemnification is owing. 
 
 (e) The rights of the indemnifying Loan Guarantors against other Loan Guarantors under this 

Section 10.11 shall be exercisable upon the full and indefeasible payment of the Guaranteed Obligations in cash (other than Unliquidated Obligations that have not yet arisen) and the termination or expiry (or, in the case of all Letters of Credit, full cash collateralization), on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, of the Commitments and all Letters of Credit issued hereunder and the termination of this Agreement, the Swap Agreement Obligations and the Banking Services Obligations. 
 
 SECTION 10.12	 Liability Cumulative . The liability of each Loan Party as a Loan Guarantor 
 under this Article X is in addition to and shall be cumulative with all liabilities of each Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or in respect of any obligations or liabilities of the other Loan Parties, without any limitation as to amount, unless the instrument or agreement evidencing or creating such other liability specifically provides to the contrary. 
 
 SECTION 10.13	 Keepwell . Each Qualified ECP Guarantor that is a Loan Guarantor under 
 this Article X hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of its obligations under this Loan Guaranty in respect of a Swap Obligation (provided, however, that each such Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 10.13 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 
 10.13 or otherwise under this Loan Guaranty voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). Except as otherwise provided herein, the obligations of each such Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 10.13 shall remain in full force and effect until the termination of all Swap Obligations. Each such Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 10.13 constitute, and this Section 10.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
 SECTION 10.14	 Limitation on Canadian Loan Party Obligations . Notwithstanding anything 
 to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (including provisions that may override any other provision), in no event shall the Canadian Borrowers or any other Canadian Loan Party guarantee or be deemed to have guaranteed or become liable or obligated on a joint or several basis or otherwise for, or to have pledged any of its assets to secure, any Obligation of any U.S. Borrower or other U.S. Loan Party under this Agreement or under any of the other Loan Documents. All provisions contained in any Loan Document shall be interpreted consistently with this Section 10.14 to the extent possible, and where such other provisions conflict with the provisions of this Section 10.14, the provisions of this Section 10.14 shall govern. 

ARTICLE XI 
 
 LOAN GUARANTY OF CANADIAN LOAN PARTIES 
 
 SECTION 11.01	 Guaranty . Each Loan Guarantor (other than those that have delivered a 
 separate Guaranty) that is a Canadian Loan Party (each reference to Loan Guarantors in this Article XI being limited to such Canadian Loan Parties), hereby agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and, as a primary obligor and not merely as surety, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Secured Parties, the prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Canadian Secured Obligations and all costs and expenses, including, without limitation, all court costs and attorneys and paralegals fees (including allocated costs of in-house counsel and paralegals) and expenses paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in endeavoring to collect all or any part of the Canadian Secured Obligations from, or in prosecuting any action against, any Canadian Borrower, any Loan Guarantor or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Canadian Secured Obligations (such costs and expenses, together with the Canadian Secured Obligations, collectively the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations provided, however, that the definition of Canadian Guaranteed Obligations shall not create any guarantee by any Loan Guarantor of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Guarantor to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Guarantor). Each Loan Guarantor further agrees that the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed in whole or in part without notice to or further assent from it (in each case other than any consent of such Loan Guarantor expressly required by the applicable Loan Document), and that it remains bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any such extension or renewal. All terms of this Loan Guaranty apply to and may be enforced by or on behalf of any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of any Lender that extended any portion of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations. 
 
 SECTION 11.02	 Guaranty of Payment . This Loan Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not 
 of collection. Each Loan Guarantor waives any right to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to sue any Canadian Borrower, any Loan Guarantor, any other guarantor of, or any other Person obligated for, all or any part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations (each, a Canadian Obligated Party ), or otherwise to enforce its payment against any collateral securing all or any part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations. 
 
 SECTION 11.03	 No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty . 
 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided for herein, the obligations of each Loan Guarantor 

hereunder are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations), including: (i) any claim of waiver, release, extension, renewal, settlement, surrender, alteration or compromise of any of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations, by operation of law or otherwise; (ii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of any Canadian Borrower or any other Canadian Obligated Party liable for any of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership, arrangement or other similar proceeding affecting any Canadian Obligated Party or its assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Canadian Obligated Party; or (iv) the existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which any Loan Guarantor may have at any time against any Canadian Obligated Party, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or in any unrelated transactions. 

(b) The obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are not subject to any defense or 

setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit payment by any Canadian Obligated Party, of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof. 
 
 (c) Further, the obligations of any Loan Guarantor hereunder are not discharged or 

impaired or otherwise affected by: (i) the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy with respect to all or any part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations; (ii) any waiver or modification of or supplement to any provision of any agreement relating to the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations other than waivers, modifications or amendments to the Loan Documents effected in accordance therewith; (iii) any release, non-perfection or invalidity of any indirect or direct security for the obligations of any Canadian B orrower for all or any part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations or any obligations of any other Canadian Obligated Party liable for any of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations; (iv) any action or failure to act by the Administrative Agent or any Lender with respect to any collateral securing any part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations; or (v) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the payment or performance of any of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations, or any other circumstance, act, omission or delay that might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Loan Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Loan Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations). 
 
 SECTION 11.04	 Defenses Waived . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each 
 Loan Guarantor hereby waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any Borrower or any Loan Guarantor or the unenforceability of all or any part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any Borrower, any Loan Guarantor or any other Canadian Obligated Party, other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against any Canadian Obligated Party or any other Person. Each Loan Guarantor confirms that it is not a surety under any federal, provincial or other applicable law and shall not raise any such law as a defense to its obligations hereunder. The Administrative Agent may, at its election, foreclose on any Collateral held by it by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such Collateral in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise act or fail to act with respect to any collateral securing all or a part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations, compromise or adjust any part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation with any Canadian Obligated Party or exercise any other right or remedy available to it against any Canadian Obligated Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of such Loan Guarantor under this Loan Guaranty except to the extent the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations have been fully and indefeasibly paid in cash. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any such election even though that election may operate, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Loan Guarantor against any Canadian Obligated Party or any security. 

SECTION 11.05	 Rights of Subrogation . No Loan Guarantor will assert any right, claim or 
 cause of action, including a claim of subrogation, contribution or indemnification, that it has against any Canadian Obligated Party or any collateral, until the Loan Parties have fully performed all their obligations to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders. 
 
 SECTION 11.06	 Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration . If at any time any payment of any 
 portion of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Canadian Borrower or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a Secured Party in its discretion), each Loan Guarantor s obligations under this Loan Guaranty with respect to that payment shall be reinstated at such time as though the payment had not been made and whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders are in possession of this Loan Guaranty. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Canadian Borrower, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any agreement relating to the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations shall nonetheless be payable by the Loan Guarantors forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 SECTION 11.07	 Information . Each Loan Guarantor assumes all responsibility for being and 
 keeping itself informed of the Canadian Borrowers financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that each Loan Guarantor assumes and incurs under this Loan Guaranty, and agrees that none of the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall have any duty to advise any Loan Guarantor of information known to it regarding those circumstances or risks. 
 
 SECTION 11.08	 Termination .Each of the Canadian Lenders may continue to make loans or 
 extend credit to the Canadian Borrowers based on this Loan Guaranty until 5 days after it receives written notice of termination from any Loan Guarantor. Notwithstanding receipt of any such notice, each Loan Guarantor will continue to be liable to the Canadian Lenders for any Canadian Guaranteed Obligations created, assumed or committed to prior to the fifth day after receipt of the notice, and all subsequent renewals, extensions, modifications and amendments with respect to, or substitutions for, all or any part of such Canadian Guaranteed Obligations. Nothing in this Section 11.08 shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of, or eliminate, limit, reduce or otherwise impair any rights or remedies the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have in respect of, any Default or Event of Default that shall exist under clause (o) of Article VII hereof as a result of any such notice of termination. 
 
 SECTION 11.09	 Taxes . Each payment of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations will be made by 
 each Loan Guarantor without withholding for any Taxes, unless such withholding is required by law. If any Loan Guarantor determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it is so required to withhold Taxes, then such Loan Guarantor may so withhold and shall timely pay the full amount of withheld Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. If such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the amount payable by such Loan Guarantor shall be increased as necessary so that, net of such withholding (including such withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section), the Administrative Agent or a Canadian Lender (as the case may be) receives the amount it would have received had no such withholding been made, and Section 2.17(g) shall apply to the extent relevant. 

SECTION 11.10	 Maximum Liability . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Loan 
 Guaranty, the amount guaranteed by each Loan Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to the extent, if any, required so that its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to avoidance under the BIA, Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act or similar federal, state or provincial or other statute or common law. In determining the limitations, if any, on the amount of any Loan Guarantor s obligations hereunder pursuant to the preceding sentence, it is the intention of the parties hereto that any rights of subrogation, indemnification or contribution which such Loan Guarantor may have under this Loan Guaranty, any other agreement or applicable law shall be taken into account. 
 
 SECTION 11.11	 Liability Cumulative . The liability of each Canadian Loan Party as a Loan 
 Guarantor under this Article XI is in addition to and shall be cumulative with all liabilities of each Canadian Loan Party to the Administrative Agent and the Canadian Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Canadian Loan Party is a party or in respect of any obligations or liabilities of the other Canadian Loan Parties, without any limitation as to amount, unless the instrument or agreement evidencing or creating such other liability specifically provides to the contrary. 
 
 SECTION 11.12	 Keepwell . Each Qualified ECP Guarantor that is a Loan Guarantor under this 
 Article XI hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of its obligations under this Guarantee in respect of a Swap Obligation (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 11.13 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 11.13 or otherwise under this Loan Guaranty voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). Except as otherwise provided herein, the obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 11.13 shall remain in full force and effect until the termination of all Swap Obligations. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 11.13 constitute, and this Section 11.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Canadian Borrower shall have no joint and several or keepwell liability hereunder. 
 ARTICLE XII 
 
 The Borrower Representative 
 
 SECTION 12.01	 Appointment; Nature of Relationship .	The Borrower Representative is 
 hereby appointed by each of the Borrowers as its contractual representative hereunder and under each other Loan Document, and each of the Borrowers irrevocably authorizes the Borrower Representative to act as the contractual representative of such Borrower with the rights and duties expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. The Borrower Representative agrees to act as such contractual representative upon the express conditions contained in this Article XII. Additionally, (a) the U.S. Borrowers hereby appoint the Borrower Representative as their agent to receive all of the proceeds of the Loans in the Funding Account(s) of the U.S. Borrowers, at which time the Borrower Representative shall promptly disburse such Loans to the appropriate U.S. Borrower(s), provided that, in the case of a Revolving Loan, such amount shall not exceed the lesser of Aggregate Availability or U.S. Availability, and (b) the Canadian Borrowers hereby appoint URBN Canada as their agent to receive all of the proceeds of the Loans in the Funding Account(s) of the Canadian Borrowers, at which time URBN 

Canada shall promptly disburse such Loans to the appropriate Canadian Borrower(s), provided that, in the case of a Revolving Loan, such amount shall not exceed the lesser of Aggregate Availability or Canadian Availability. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and their respective officers, directors, agents or employees, shall not be liable to the Borrower Representative or any Borrower for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Borrower Representative or the Borrowers pursuant to this Section 12.01. 
 
 SECTION 12.02	 Powers . The Borrower Representative shall have and may exercise such 
 powers under the Loan Documents as are specifically delegated to the Borrower Representative by the terms of each thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Borrower Representative shall have no implied duties to the Borrowers, or any obligation to the Lenders to take any action thereunder except any action specifically provided by the Loan Documents to be taken by the Borrower Representative. 
 
 SECTION 12.03	 Employment of Agents . The Borrower Representative may execute any of 
 its duties as the Borrower Representative hereunder and under any other Loan Document by or through authorized officers. 
 
 SECTION 12.04	 Notices .	Each	Borrower	shall	immediately	notify	the	Borrower 
 Representative of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder referring to this Agreement describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that the Borrower Representative receives such a notice, the Borrower Representative shall give prompt notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. Any notice provided to the Borrower Representative hereunder shall constitute notice to each Borrower on the date received by the Borrower Representative. 
 
 SECTION 12.05	 Successor Borrower Representative . Upon the prior written consent of the 
 Administrative Agent, the Borrower Representative may resign at any time, such resignation to be effective upon the appointment of a successor Borrower Representative. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt written notice of such resignation to the Lenders. 
 
 SECTION 12.06	 Execution of Loan Documents; Borrowing Base Certificate . The Borrowers 
 hereby empower and authorize the Borrower Representative, on behalf of the Borrowers, to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders the Loan Documents and all related agreements, certificates, documents, or instruments as shall be necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Borrowing Base Certificates and the Compliance Certificates. Each Borrower agrees that any action taken by the Borrower Representative or the Borrowers in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and the exercise by the Borrower Representative of its powers set forth therein or herein, together with such other powers that are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be binding upon all of the Borrowers. 
 
 SECTION 12.07	 Reporting . Each Borrower hereby agrees that such Borrower shall furnish 
 promptly after each fiscal month to the Borrower Representative a copy of its Borrowing Base Certificate and any other certificate or report required hereunder or requested by the Borrower Representative on which the Borrower Representative shall rely to prepare the Borrowing Base Certificates and Compliance Certificate required pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 (Signature Pages Follow) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 U.S. BORROWERS: 
 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 J. FRANKLIN STYER NURSERIES, INC. 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 ANTHROPOLOGIE, INC. 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS WHOLESALE, INC. 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS WEST LLC 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 FREE PEOPLE OF PA LLC 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 

URBN PUERTO RICO RETAIL LLC 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 

CANADIAN BORROWER: 
 
 URBN CANADA RETAIL, INC. 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 

OTHER LOAN PARTIES: 
 
 U.O. REAL ESTATE HOLDING I LLC 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 U.O. REAL ESTATE HOLDING II LLC 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 U.O. REAL ESTATE LLC 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 UO FENWICK, INC. 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 URBN PR HOLDING, INC. 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 URBN HOLDING LLC 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 UO US LLC 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 individually as a U.S. Lender and as Administrative Agent, an Issuing Bank and a Swingline Lender 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. TORONTO BRANCH 
 individually as a Canadian Lender and a Swingline Lender 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 

[INSERT LENDER BLOCKS] 
 individually as a [Lender] [and as an Issuing Bank] 
 
 By ______________________________________ 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 

COMMITMENT SCHEDULE 

Lender 
 Aggregate Commitment 
 LC Individual Sublimit 
 Canadian Sublimit 1 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 153,125,000 
 15,312,500 
 0 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch 
 0 
 0 
 15,312,500 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 87,500,000 
 21,000,000 
 0 

Wells Fargo Capital Finance Corporation Canada 
 0 
 0 
 8,750,000 

Bank of America, N.A. 
 65,625,000 
 6,562,500 
 0 

Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch) 
 0 
 0 
 6,562,500 

HSBC Bank USA, National Association 
 43,750,000 
 4,375,000 
 4,375,000 

Total 
 350,000,000 
 35,000,000 
 35,000,000 

1 The Canadian Sublimit is a sub-facility of the Aggregate Commitment and is not in addition to the Aggregate Commitment. 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 urbn-ex10_5.htm
 EX-10.5

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.5 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND FIRST AMENDMENT TO U.S. SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 This FOURTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND FIRST AMENDMENT TO U.S. SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of February 10, 2023 is by and among URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. (the Company ), URBN CANADA RETAIL, INC. and certain of their respective subsidiaries (collectively, the Borrowers ), the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Lenders party hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. JPMCB ), as administrative agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent ). 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers party thereto, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2018 (as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2019, as further amended by the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2021, as further amended by the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2022, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time immediately prior to the date hereto, the Existing Credit Agreement and, as amended by this Agreement, the Credit Agreement ); 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties party thereto have entered into that certain Amended and Restated U.S. Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2018 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time immediately prior to the date hereto, the Existing U.S. Security Agreement and, as amended by this Agreement, the U.S. Security Agreement ), in favor of the Administrative Agent; 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (i) agree to amend certain provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement and the U.S. Security Agreement to permit the Company to entered into the Tax Credit Transaction (as defined in Annex A hereto), and (ii) amend certain other provisions of the Credit Agreement, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein; and 
 WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto are willing to (i) amend such provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement and the U.S. Security Agreement to permit the Company to enter into the Tax Credit Transaction, and (ii) amend certain other provisions of the Credit Agreement, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
 1.	 Defined Terms. Except as otherwise provided herein, all capitalized undefined terms used in this Agreement (including, without limitation, in the introductory paragraph and the preliminary statements hereto) shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement. 
 2.	 Amendments to Credit Agreement and U.S. Security Agreement. 
 (a)	 Credit Agreement. Effective as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date (as defined below) the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually 

in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text as set forth in the Credit Agreement attached as Annex A hereto. 
 (b)	 U.S. Security Agreement. Effective as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date the Existing U.S. Security Agreement is hereby amended by inserting into the definition of Excluded Assets a new clause (viii) thereto which shall say: Collateral (as defined in the Tax Credit Transaction Security Agreement as in effect on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date) . 
 3.	 Condition to Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above (the Fourth Amendment Effective Date upon satisfaction of each of the following conditions (in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent): 
 (a)	 Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of this Agreement duly executed by each of the Loan Parties, each Lender and the Administrative Agent. 
 (b)	 Tax Credit Transaction. The Loan Parties have consummated (or concurrently with the effectiveness of this Agreement will consummate) in all material respects the Tax Credit Transaction in accordance with the terms of the Tax Credit Transaction Documents (without any amendment thereto or waiver thereunder that is materially adverse to the interests of Administrative Agent and the Lenders unless consented to by the Administrative Agent). 
 (c)	 Closing Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, signed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative, dated as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, certifying that the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5 hereof are true and correct in all respects as of the date hereof. 
 (d)	 Availability. After giving effect to all Borrowings to be made on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the issuance of any Letters of Credit on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and the payment of all fees and expenses due hereunder, and with all of the Loan Parties Indebtedness (other than Specified L/C Obligations), liabilities, and obligations current (excluding, in each case, current accounts payable to the extent excluded from Indebtedness), Aggregate Availability shall not be less than 125,000,000. 
 (e)	 Fees and Expenses. The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and expenses due and payable in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement including pursuant to that certain Amendment Fee Letter by and between the Company and JPMCB and the terms of the Credit Agreement (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent). 
 (f)	 Tax Credit Transaction Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received a complete and correct copy of each material Tax Credit Transaction Document (including all schedules and exhibits thereto). 
 4.	 Effect of this Agreement. Except as expressly provided herein, the Existing Credit Agreement, the Existing U.S. Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement shall not be deemed (a) to be a waiver of, or consent to, a modification of or amendment of, any other term or condition of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Existing U.S. Security Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) to prejudice any other right or rights which the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, the Existing U.S. Security Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, (c) to be 
 2 

a commitment or any other undertaking or expression of any willingness to engage in any further discussion with the Company, any other Loan Party or any other Person with respect to any waiver, amendment, modification or any other change to the Existing Credit Agreement, the Existing U.S. Security Agreement or the Loan Documents or any rights or remedies arising in favor of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, or any of them, under or with respect to any such documents or (d) to be a waiver of, or consent to or a modification or amendment of, any other term or condition of any other agreement by and among any Loan Party, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent or any Lender, on the other hand. References in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement (and indirect references such as hereunder , hereby , herein , and hereof and in any Loan Document to the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Existing Credit Agreement as modified hereby. References in the U.S. Security Agreement to this Agreement (and indirect references such as hereunder , hereby , herein , and hereof and in any Loan Document to the U.S. Security Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Existing U.S. Security Agreement as modified hereby. 
 5.	 Representations and Warranties/No Default. By their execution hereof, each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants as follows: 
 (a)	Such Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate and other action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other document executed in connection herewith to which it is a party in accordance with their respective terms. 
 (b)	This Agreement and each other document executed in connection herewith has been duly executed and delivered by its duly authorized officers, and each such document constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar state or federal debtor relief laws from time to time in effect which affect the enforcement of creditors rights in general and the availability of equitable remedies. 
 (c)	No consent, approval, authorization or order of, or filing, registration or qualification with, any court or governmental authority or third party is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by such Loan Party of this Agreement and each other document executed in connection herewith. 
 (d)	Each of the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement, the U.S. Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representations and warranties qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, all respects) with the same effect as though made on and as of the date hereof (it being understood and agreed that any such representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representations and warranties qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, all respects) only as of such specified date). 
 (e)	No Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing or would result after giving effect to this Agreement or consummation of the Tax Credit Transaction. 
 6.	 Reaffirmations. Each Loan Party (a) agrees that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall not limit or diminish the obligations of such Person under, or release such Person from any obligations under, the Credit Agreement, the U.S. Security Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, (b) confirms, ratifies and reaffirms its obligations (and reaffirms each grant of a security interest or mortgage in any Collateral) under the Credit Agreement, the Collateral Documents and each other Loan Document to which it is a party (including, without limitation, its obligations under the Loan Guaranty), 
 3 

and (c) agrees that the Credit Agreement, the U.S. Security Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 7.	 Miscellaneous. 
 (a)	 Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Without limiting the general applicability of the foregoing and the terms of the other Loan Documents to this Agreement and the parties hereto, the terms of Sections 9.09 and 9.10 of the Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis . 
 (b)	 Loan Document. This Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document under and as defined in the Credit Agreement. 
 (c)	 Counterparts; Electronic Execution. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement and/or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures (as defined below), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. As used herein, Electronic Signatures means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 (d)	 Severability. If any provision of any of this Agreement is determined to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be fully severable and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect and shall be construed without giving effect to the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. 
 (e)	 Entirety. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents embody the entire agreement among the parties hereto and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. 
 (Signature Pages Follow) 
 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 U.S. BORROWERS:	 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC. 

By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron	 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 

URBAN OUTFITTERS WHOLESALE, INC. 

By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron	 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 

URBN US RETAIL LLC 

By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron	 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 

URBN PUERTO RICO RETAIL LLC 
 
 By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron	 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature page to Fourth Amendment] 

CANADIAN BORROWER:	 
 URBN CANADA RETAIL, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron	 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 

GUARANTORS:	 
 U.O. REAL ESTATE LLC 
 
 By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron	 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 

U.O. REAL ESTATE HOLDING I LLC 
 
 By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron	 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 

U.O. REAL ESTATE HOLDING II LLC 
 
 By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron	 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 

UO FENWICK, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron	 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 

UO US LLC 
 
 By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron	 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 

URBN HOLDING LLC	 
 By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron	 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 
 
 [Signature page to Fourth Amendment] 

URBN PR HOLDING, INC. 

By: /s/ Melanie Marein-Efron	 
 Name:	Melanie Marein-Efron 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 
 
 [Signature page to Fourth Amendment] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., individually as a Lender and as Administrative Agent 

By: /s/ Bonnie J. David	 
 Name:	Bonnie J. David 
 Title:	Authorized Officer 
 
 [Signature page to Fourth Amendment] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. TORONTO BRANCH, individually as a Lender 

By: /s/ Auggie Marchetti	 
 Name:	Auggie Marchetti 
 Title:	Authorized Officer 

[Signature page to Fourth Amendment] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., individually as a Lender 

By: /s/ Nicholas J. Balta	 
 Name:	Nicholas J. Balta 
 Title:	Vice President 

[Signature page to Fourth Amendment] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), individually as a Lender 

By: /s/ Sylwia Durkiewicz	 
 Name:	Sylwia Durkiewicz 
 Title:	Vice President 
 
 [Signature page to Fourth Amendment] 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, individually as a Lender 

By: /s/ Katelyn Murray	 
 Name:	Katelyn Murray 
 Title:	Assistant Vice President 

[Signature page to Fourth Amendment] 

WELLS FARGO CAPITAL FINANCE, CORPORATION 
 CANADA, individually as a Lender 

By: /s/ Carmela Massari	 
 Name:	Carmela Massari 
 Title:	 

[Signature page to Fourth Amendment] 

WELLS FARGO BANK NA, LONDON BRANCH, individually as a Lender 

By: /s/ Patricia Del Busto	 
 Name:	Patricia Del Busto 
 Title:	Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature page to Fourth Amendment] 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, individually as a Lender 

By: /s/ Rich Rizzo	 
 Name:	Rich Rizzo 
 Title:	SVP 

[Signature page to Fourth Amendment] 

Annex A 
 Credit Agreement 
 [To be attached] 

Execution Version 
 Exhibit Annex A to Third Fourth Amendment 

Amended and Restated CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of June 29, 2018 among URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC., and the other U.S. Borrowers from time to time party hereto, URBN CANADA RETAIL, INC., and the other Canadian Borrowers from time to time party hereto, The other LOAN PARTIES party hereto, The LENDERS party hereto, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent ___________________________ JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Syndication Agents, and HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Documentation Agent 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 
 1 

SECTION 1.01 
 Defined Terms 
 1 

SECTION 1.02 
 Classification of Loans and Borrowings 
 62 63 

SECTION 1.03 
 Terms Generally 
 62 63 

SECTION 1.04 
 Accounting Terms; GAAP 
 63 64 

SECTION 1.05 
 Pro Forma Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 64 65 

SECTION 1.06 
 Status of Obligations 
 64 65 

SECTION 1.07 
 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents 
 64 65 

SECTION 1.08 
 Interest Rates; Benchmark Notifications 
 65 

SECTION 1.09 
 Divisions 
 65 66 

ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 
 65 66 

SECTION 2.01 
 Commitments 
 65 66 

SECTION 2.02 
 Loans and Borrowings 
 66 67 

SECTION 2.03 
 Requests for Borrowings 
 67 68 

SECTION 2.04 
 Protective Advances 
 68 

SECTION 2.05 
 Swingline Loans and Overadvances 
 69 

SECTION 2.06 
 Letters of Credit 
 70 71 

SECTION 2.07 
 Funding of Borrowings 
 76 77 

SECTION 2.08 
 Interest Elections 
 77 

SECTION 2.09 
 Termination and Reduction of Commitments; Increase in Commitments 
 78 79 

SECTION 2.10 
 Repayment and Amortization of Loans; Evidence of Debt 
 80 

SECTION 2.11 
 Prepayment of Loans 
 81 

SECTION 2.12 
 Fees 
 82 83 

SECTION 2.13 
 Interest 
 83 84 

SECTION 2.14 
 Alternate Rate of Interest; Illegality 
 85 

SECTION 2.15 
 Increased Costs 
 89 

SECTION 2.16 
 Break Funding Payments 
 90 

SECTION 2.17 
 Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up 
 90 91 

SECTION 2.18 
 Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Set-offs 
 94 95 

SECTION 2.19 
 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 
 97 98 

i 

SECTION 2.20 
 Defaulting Lenders 
 98 

SECTION 2.21 
 Returned Payments 
 99 100 

SECTION 2.22 
 Banking Services and Swap Agreements 
 99 100 

SECTION 2.23 
 Access Rights 
 100 

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 100 101 

SECTION 3.01 
 Organization; Powers 
 100 101 

SECTION 3.02 
 Authorization; Enforceability 
 100 101 

SECTION 3.03 
 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 
 101 

SECTION 3.04 
 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change 
 101 102 

SECTION 3.05 
 Properties 
 101 102 

SECTION 3.06 
 Litigation and Environmental Matters 
 102 

SECTION 3.07 
 Compliance with Laws and Agreements; No Default 
 102 103 

SECTION 3.08 
 Investment Company Status 
 102 103 

SECTION 3.09 
 Taxes 
 102 103 

SECTION 3.10 
 ERISA; Canadian Pension Plans 
 102 103 

SECTION 3.11 
 Disclosure 
 103 104 

SECTION 3.12 
 Reserved 
 104 

SECTION 3.13 
 Solvency 
 104 

SECTION 3.14 
 Insurance 
 104 105 

SECTION 3.15 
 Capitalization and Subsidiaries 
 104 105 

SECTION 3.16 
 Security Interest in Collateral 
 104 105 

SECTION 3.17 
 Employment Matters 
 105 

SECTION 3.18 
 Federal Reserve Regulations 
 105 106 

SECTION 3.19 
 Reserved 
 105 106 

SECTION 3.20 
 No Burdensome Restrictions 
 105 106 

SECTION 3.21 
 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions; Etc. 
 105 106 

SECTION 3.22 
 Common Enterprise 
 105 106 

SECTION 3.23 
 Credit Card Agreements 
 106 

SECTION 3.24 
 EEA Financial Institutions 
 106 107 

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS 
 106 107 

SECTION 4.01 
 Effective Date 
 106 107 

SECTION 4.02 
 Each Credit Event 
 109 110 

ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 110 111 

ii 

SECTION 5.01 
 Financial Statements; Borrowing Bases and Other Information 
 110 111 

SECTION 5.02 
 Notices of Material Events 
 114 

SECTION 5.03 
 Existence; Conduct of Business 
 115 116 

SECTION 5.04 
 Payment of Obligations 
 115 116 

SECTION 5.05 
 Maintenance of Properties 
 115 116 

SECTION 5.06 
 Books and Records; Inspection Rights 
 116 

SECTION 5.07 
 Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations 
 116 117 

SECTION 5.08 
 Use of Proceeds 
 116 117 

SECTION 5.09 
 Accuracy of Information 
 117 

SECTION 5.10 
 Insurance 
 117 118 

SECTION 5.11 
 Casualty and Condemnation 
 118 

SECTION 5.12 
 Appraisals 
 118 

SECTION 5.13 
 Depository Banks 
 118 119 

SECTION 5.14 
 Additional Collateral; Further Assurances 
 118 119 

SECTION 5.15 
 Designation of Subsidiaries 
 119 120 

SECTION 5.16 
 Environmental Laws 
 119 120 

SECTION 5.17 
 Credit Card Agreements and Notifications 
 120 

SECTION 5.18 
 Post-Closing Obligations 
 120 

SECTION 5.19 
 Canadian Pension Plans and Canadian Benefit Plans 
 120 

ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 120 121 

SECTION 6.01 
 Indebtedness 
 120 121 

SECTION 6.02 
 Liens 
 123 124 

SECTION 6.03 
 Fundamental Changes; Changes in Name, Location 
 125 126 

SECTION 6.04 
 Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions 
 126 127 

SECTION 6.05 
 Asset Sales 
 128 129 

SECTION 6.06 
 Sale and Leaseback Transactions 
 130 131 

SECTION 6.07 
 Swap Agreements 
 130 131 

SECTION 6.08 
 Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness 
 130 131 

SECTION 6.09 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 131 132 

SECTION 6.10 
 Restrictive Agreements 
 131 132 

SECTION 6.11 
 Amendment of Material Documents 
 132 133 

iii 

SECTION 6.12 
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio 
 132 133 

SECTION 6.13 
 Disqualified Stock 
 132 133 

SECTION 6.14 
 Canadian Pension Plans 
 132 133 

ARTICLE VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 133 134 

ARTICLE VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 136 137 

SECTION 8.01 
 Appointment 
 136 137 

SECTION 8.02 
 Rights as a Lender 
 136 137 

SECTION 8.03 
 Duties and Obligations 
 137 138 

SECTION 8.04 
 Reliance 
 137 138 

SECTION 8.05 
 Actions through Sub-Agents 
 137 138 

SECTION 8.06 
 Resignation 
 138 139 

SECTION 8.07 
 Non-Reliance 
 138 139 

SECTION 8.08 
 Other Agency Titles 
 140 141 

SECTION 8.09 
 Not Partners or Co-Venturers; Administrative Agent as Representative of the Secured Parties 
 140 141 

SECTION 8.10 
 Flood Laws 
 141 142 

SECTION 8.11 
 Additional Secured Parties 
 141 142 

SECTION 8.12 
 Certain ERISA Matters 
 141 142 

ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 143 144 

SECTION 9.01 
 Notices 
 143 144 

SECTION 9.02 
 Waivers; Amendments 
 145 146 

SECTION 9.03 
 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 
 148 149 

SECTION 9.04 
 Successors and Assigns 
 150 151 

SECTION 9.05 
 Survival 
 154 155 

SECTION 9.06 
 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 
 154 155 

SECTION 9.07 
 Severability 
 155 156 

SECTION 9.08 
 Right of Setoff 
 155 156 

SECTION 9.09 
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 
 156 157 

SECTION 9.10 
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 156 157 

SECTION 9.11 
 Headings 
 157 158 

SECTION 9.12 
 Confidentiality 
 157 158 

SECTION 9.13 
 Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law 
 158 159 

SECTION 9.14 
 USA PATRIOT Act 
 158 159 

iv 

SECTION 9.15 
 Disclosure 
 158 159 

SECTION 9.16 
 Appointment for Perfection 
 158 159 

SECTION 9.17 
 Interest Rate Limitation 
 158 159 

SECTION 9.18 
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 
 159 160 

SECTION 9.19 
 Marketing Consent 
 159 161 

SECTION 9.20 
 Authorization to Distribute Certain Materials to Public-Siders 
 160 161 

SECTION 9.21 
 Judgment Currency 
 160 161 

SECTION 9.22 
 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 160 161 

SECTION 9.23 
 Canadian Anti-Money Laundering Legislation 
 161 162 

SECTION 9.24 
 Amendment and Restatement 
 161 163 

SECTION 9.25 
 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 162 163 

ARTICLE X LOAN GUARANTY OF U.S. LOAN PARTIES 
 162 163 

SECTION 10.01 
 Guaranty 
 162 163 

SECTION 10.02 
 Guaranty of Payment 
 163 164 

SECTION 10.03 
 No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty 
 163 164 

SECTION 10.04 
 Defenses Waived 
 163 165 

SECTION 10.05 
 Rights of Subrogation 
 164 165 

SECTION 10.06 
 Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration 
 164 165 

SECTION 10.07 
 Information 
 164 165 

SECTION 10.08 
 Termination 
 164 165 

SECTION 10.09 
 Taxes 
 165 166 

SECTION 10.10 
 Maximum Liability 
 165 166 

SECTION 10.11 
 Contribution 
 165 166 

SECTION 10.12 
 Liability Cumulative 
 166 167 

SECTION 10.13 
 Keepwell 
 166 167 

SECTION 10.14 
 Limitation on Canadian Loan Party Obligations 
 166 167 

ARTICLE XI LOAN GUARANTY OF CANADIAN LOAN PARTIES 
 166 168 

SECTION 11.01 
 Guaranty 
 166 168 

SECTION 11.02 
 Guaranty of Payment 
 167 168 

SECTION 11.03 
 No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty 
 167 168 

SECTION 11.04 
 Defenses Waived 
 168 169 

SECTION 11.05 
 Rights of Subrogation 
 168 170 

SECTION 11.06 
 Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration 
 168 170 

v 

SECTION 11.07 
 Information 
 169 170 

SECTION 11.08 
 Termination 
 169 170 

SECTION 11.09 
 Taxes 
 169 170 

SECTION 11.10 
 Maximum Liability 
 169 171 

SECTION 11.11 
 Liability Cumulative 
 170 171 

SECTION 11.12 
 Keepwell 
 170 171 

ARTICLE XII THE BORROWER REPRESENTATIVE 
 170 171 

SECTION 12.01 
 Appointment; Nature of Relationship 
 170 171 

SECTION 12.02 
 Powers 
 170 172 

SECTION 12.03 
 Employment of Agents 
 171 172 

SECTION 12.04 
 Notices 
 171 172 

SECTION 12.05 
 Successor Borrower Representative 
 171 172 

SECTION 12.06 
 Execution of Loan Documents; Borrowing Base Certificate 
 171 172 

SECTION 12.07 
 Reporting 
 171 172 

vi 

SCHEDULES : 
 Commitment Schedule 
 Schedule 3.06	 	Disclosed Matters 
 Schedule 3.10	 	Canadian Pension Plans and Canadian Benefit Plans 
 Schedule 3.15	 	Capitalization and Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 3.23	 	Credit Card Agreements 
 Schedule 5.18	 	Post-Closing Matters 
 Schedule 6.01	 	Existing Indebtedness 
 Schedule 6.02	 	Existing Liens 
 Schedule 6.04	 	Existing Investments 
 Schedule 6.10	 	Existing Restrictions 
 Schedule 9.01	 	Foreign Currency Notice Address 

EXHIBITS : 
 Exhibit A	 	Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit B	 	Form of Borrowing Base Certificate 
 Exhibit C	 	Reserved 
 Exhibit D	 	Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit E	 	Reserved 
 Exhibit F	 	Joinder Agreement 
 Exhibit G-1	 	U.S. Tax Certificate (For Foreign Lenders that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit G-2	 	U.S. Tax Certificate (For Foreign Participants that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit G-3	 	U.S. Tax Certificate (For Foreign Participants that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit G-4	 	U.S. Tax Certificate (For Foreign Lenders that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 
 vii 

Amended and Restated CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of June 29, 2018, among URBAN OUTFITTERS, INC., a Pennsylvania corporation (the Company ), URBN Canada Retail, Inc., a British Columbia company URBN Canada ), each of the Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party hereto, the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Lenders party hereto, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 RECITALS: 
 WHEREAS, the Existing Borrowers (as hereinafter defined), the Existing Lenders (as hereinafter defined) and Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2015 (as amended, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement ), under which Administrative Agent and such Existing Lenders agreed to provide, and did provide, certain secured loans, letters of credit and other extensions of credit to such Existing Borrowers on a joint and several basis; and 
 WHEREAS, the Company, URBN Canada and each of the Subsidiary Borrowers party hereto have requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended and restated, and Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement upon the terms and conditions set forth herein on the Effective Date. 
 Now, therefore , the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 Article I Definitions 

Section 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 

ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreements, as the context requires. 
 Account Debtor means any Person obligated to any Borrower under, with respect to or on account of an Account or Credit Card Account. 
 Acquisition means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, consummated on or after the Effective Date, by which any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary (a) acquires any going business or all or substantially all of the assets of any Person, whether through purchase of assets, merger, amalgamation or otherwise or (b) directly or indirectly acquires (in one transaction or as the most recent transaction in a series of transactions) at least a majority (in number of votes) of the Equity Interests of a Person which has ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other similar management personnel of a Person (other than Equity Interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) or a majority of the outstanding Equity Interests of a Person. 
 Adjusted Daily Simple RFR means (a) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple RFR for Sterling and (b) with respect to any 
 	 1 

RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to (i) the Daily Simple SOFR, plus (ii) 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted EURIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the EURIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate; provided that if the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Administrative Agent means JPMCB, in its capacity as administrative agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and including any of its Affiliates (including, without limitation, J.P. Morgan Europe Limited and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch) performing any of the functions of the Administrative Agent at any time, and their successors in such capacity as provided in Article VIII. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the specified Person. 
 Aggregate Availability means, at any time, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the Aggregate Commitments minus the Aggregate Credit Exposure, and (b) the Aggregate Borrowing Base minus the Aggregate Credit Exposure. 
 Aggregate Borrowing Base means, at any time, the sum of (a) the U.S. Borrowing Base at such time and (b) the lesser of (i) the Canadian Borrowing Base at such time and (ii) the Canadian Sublimit. 
 Aggregate Commitments means, at any time, the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders, as increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. As of the Effective Date, the Aggregate Commitment is 350 , 000 ,000. 
 Aggregate Canadian Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans and its Swingline Exposure to the Canadian Borrowers at such time, plus (b) an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Overadvances and Protective Advances outstanding to the Canadian Borrowers at such time. 
 Aggregate Credit Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate Revolving Exposure of all the Lenders at such time. 
 	 2 

Aggregate U.S. Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans, its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure to the U.S. Borrowers at such time, plus (b) an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Overadvances and Protective Advances outstanding to U.S. Borrowers at such time. 
 	 Agreed Currencies means U.S. Dollars and each Alternative Currency. 
 Agreement means this Credit Agreement. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1 , provided that, for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.14(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Alternative Currency means Sterling, Euros or Canadian Dollars and any additional currencies determined after the Effective Date by mutual agreement of the Borrower, Lenders, Issuing Bank and Administrative Agent; provided that each such currency is a lawful currency that is readily available, freely transferable and not restricted and able to be converted into U.S. Dollars. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to any Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender s Commitment and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Commitments provided that, if the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon such Lender s share of the Aggregate Credit Exposure at that time; provided that, in accordance with Section 2.20, so long as any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Commitment shall be disregarded in the calculations in this definition. 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Loan, or with respect to the commitment fees payable hereunder, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption ABR/Canadian Prime Rate Margin, Term Benchmark/RFR/CDOR Margin or Commitment Fee , as the case may be, based upon the daily average Aggregate Availability (the Average Quarterly Availability during the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company, provided that the Applicable Rate shall be the applicable rates per annum set forth below in Level I during the period from the Effective Date to, and including, the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Company; ending on or about October 31, 2018: 
 	 3 

Level 
 Average Quarterly Availability 
 Term Benchmark / RFR / CDOR Margin 
 ABR / Canadian Prime Rate Margin 
 Commitment Fee 

I 
 66 of the Aggregate Commitments 
 1.125 
 0.125 
 0.20 

II 
 
 1.25 
 0.25 
 0.20 

III 
 
 1.375 
 0.375 
 0.20 

For purposes of the foregoing, each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in Average Quarterly Availability shall be effective during the period commencing on and including the first day of each fiscal quarter of the Company and ending on the last day of such fiscal quarter, it being understood and agreed that, for purposes of determining the Applicable Rate on the first day of any fiscal quarter of the Company, the Average Quarterly Availability during the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company shall be used ; provided that if the Borrowers shall fail to deliver any Borrowing Base Certificate as and when due, at the option of the Administrative Agent or at the request of the Required Lenders, Average Quarterly Availability shall be deemed to be in Level III during the period from the expiration of the time for delivery thereof until such Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered. 
 If any Borrowing Base Certificate shall prove to have been inaccurate (regardless of whether any Commitments are in effect or any amounts are outstanding hereunder when such inaccuracy is discovered), and such inaccuracy shall have resulted in the payment or accrual of any interest or fees at rates lower than those that would have been paid or accrued for any period, then the Borrowers shall be required to pay within three (3) Business Days after notice any additional amount that Borrowers would have been required to pay if such financial statements had been accurate at the time they were delivered. 
 Applicable Trigger Amount means, with respect to any test of Aggregate Availability hereunder by reference to the Applicable Trigger Amount at a specified Level, the following: 

Level 
 
 Maximum Credit Amount 
 Floor 

I 
 Greatest of: 
 10.0 of the Maximum Credit Amount 
 28,000,000 

II 
 Greatest of: 
 12.5 of the Maximum Credit Amount 
 35,000,000 

III 
 Greatest of: 
 15.0 of the Maximum Credit Amount 
 42,000,000 

4 

IV 
 Greatest of: 
 17.5 of the Maximum Credit Amount 
 49,000,000 

V 
 Greatest of: 
 20.0 of the Maximum Credit Amount 
 56,000,000 

Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments. 
 Available Commitment means, at any time, the Aggregate Commitments minus the Aggregate Credit Exposure (calculated, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Borrowings). 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.14. 
 Average Quarterly Availability has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Applicable Rate . 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 
 Banking Services means (a) each and any of the following bank services provided to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries by any Lender or any of its Affiliates: (i) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (ii) stored value cards, (iii) merchant processing services, (iv) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, any direct debit arrangement, overdrafts, cash pooling services, and interstate depository network services), and (v) foreign exchange and currency 
 	 5 

management services, and (b) letters of credit issued under any Specified L/C Facility so long as the issuer thereof is a Qualified Counterparty. 
 Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Banking Services. 
 Banking Services/Swap Reserves means, in respect of a specified Banking Service Obligation or Swap Agreement Obligation, all reserves, if any, that the Borrower Representative and the applicable provider of such Banking Service Obligation or Swap Agreement Obligation agree shall be established with respect thereto, to the extent the Administrative Agent receives a written notice of such Banking Service Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations in accordance with Section 2.22 specifying the amount of such agreed reserves. 
 Bankruptcy Code means title 11 of the United States Code, as amended. 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, when such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, interim receiver, monitor, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business, appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the U.S. or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality), to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency, (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency or (iii) CDOR Loan or other Loan in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.14. 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in (2) below: 
 (1) in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR; 
 (2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for 
 	 6 

the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate , the definition of Business Day , the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day , the definition of RFR Business Day , the definition of Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided , that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 	 7 

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14. 
 Beneficial Owner means, with respect to any U.S. Federal withholding Tax, the beneficial owner, for U.S. Federal income tax purposes, to whom such Tax relates. 
 	 8 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 BIA means the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), as amended. 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the U.S. 
 Borrower Representative means the Company; provided that, for the purposes of requesting Borrowings on behalf of the Canadian Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.03, Borrower Representative means URBN Canada. 
 Borrowers means, collectively, the U.S. Borrowers and the Canadian Borrowers, and Borrower means any of them. 
 Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans and CDOR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, (b) a Swingline Loan, (c) a Protective Advance and (d) an Overadvance. 
 Borrowing Base means the U.S. Borrowing Base, the Canadian Borrowing Base, and/or the Aggregate Borrowing Base, as the context requires. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate, signed and certified as accurate and complete by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative, in substantially the form of Exhibit B (with such changes thereto as may be required by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion from time to time to reflect the components of each Borrowing Base and Reserve as provided for hereunder) or another form that is acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 Borrowing Base Reporting Date means (a) during any period other than a period set forth in clause (b) below, on the twentieth day (or the next Business Day if the twentieth day is not a Business Day) after each of (i) the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company and (ii) the end of each fiscal month in which any Revolving Loans were outstanding or the LC Exposure was at any time 35, 000 , 000 or more, and (b) during any period (i) commencing on the date when Aggregate Availability is less than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level II) and (ii) ending on the date when Aggregate Availability shall have been equal to or greater than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level II) for a period of 60 consecutive days, four (4) Business Days after the end of each week. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower Representative for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Burdensome Restrictions means any consensual encumbrance or restriction of the type described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 6.10. 
 	 9 

Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City or Chicago are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that (a) when used in connection with a RFR Loan and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency of such RFR Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day which is not an RFR Business Day, (b) when used in connection with any Loans denominated in Euros, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which is not a TARGET Day, and (c) when used in connection with a CDOR Loan to a Canadian Borrower, an Alternate Base Rate Loan to a Canadian Borrower or a Canadian Prime Rate Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for business in Toronto, Ontario, and (d) when used in connection with a CDOR Loan to a U.S. Borrower or a RFR Loan denominated in Sterling, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for business in London, England. 
 Canadian Availability means, at any time, an amount equal to the least of (a) (i) the sum of (A) the Canadian Borrowing Base and (B) the positive amount, if any, by which (1) the U.S. Borrowing Base exceeds (2) the Aggregate U.S. Credit Exposure minus (ii) the Aggregate Canadian Credit Exposure; (b) (i) the Canadian Sublimit minus (ii) the Aggregate Canadian Credit Exposure (calculated, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Borrowings); and (c) (i) the Aggregate Commitments minus (ii) the Aggregate Credit Exposure (calculated, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Borrowings), all as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 
 Canadian Benefit Plan means any material plan, fund, program, or policy, whether funded or unfunded, insured or uninsured, providing employee benefits, including such medical, hospital care, dental, sickness, accident, disability, life insurance, retirement or savings benefits, under which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party has any liability with respect to any employee or former employee, but excluding any Canadian Pension Plans and any program such as employment insurance or provincial health plans that are administered by a Governmental Authority, which is, or has been, maintained or contributed to by, or to which there is or may be an obligation to contribute by, a Loan Party or Subsidiary operating in Canada in respect of any Person s employment in Canada with such Loan Party or Subsidiary. 
 
 Canadian Blocked Person means any Person that is a politically exposed foreign person or terrorist group or similar person whose property or interests in property are blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to, or as described in, any Canadian Economic Sanctions and Export Control Laws. 
 
 Canadian Borrowers means, collectively, URBN Canada and each Canadian Subsidiary Borrower, and Canadian Borrower means any of them. 
 Canadian Borrowing Base means, at any time, the sum of: 
 (a) the product of (i) 85 multiplied by (ii) the Eligible Trade Accounts of the Canadian Borrowers at such time, plus 

(b) the product of (i) 90 multiplied by (ii) the Eligible Credit Card Accounts of the Canadian Borrowers at such time, plus 

(c) the product of the Inventory Advance Percentage multiplied by the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage identified in the most recent inventory appraisal ordered and received by the Administrative Agent multiplied by the Canadian Borrowers Eligible Inventory at such time, valued at the 

10 

lower of cost or market value, determined utilizing the retail method or such other method approved in writing by the Administrative Agent (the amount resulting from the foregoing calculation, the Canadian Inventory Availability ), plus 

(d) the product of the Inventory Advance Percentage multiplied by the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage identified in the most recent inventory appraisal ordered and received by the Administrative Agent multiplied by the Canadian Borrowers Eligible In-Transit Inventory at such time, valued at the lower of cost or market value, determined utilizing the retail method or such other method approved in writing by the Administrative Agent; provided that the dollar amount included under this clause (d) shall not (i) at any time prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion), exceed an amount equal to twenty percent (20 ), and (ii) at any time thereafter, exceed an amount equal to ten percent (10 ), in each case, of Canadian Inventory Availability, minus 

(e) Reserves. 

Subject to the provisions set forth in this Agreement expressly permitting the Administrative Agent to adjust Reserves, the Canadian Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(g) (or, prior to the first such delivery, delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 4.01(o)). After an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, in its Permitted Discretion, reduce the advance rates set forth above or reduce one or more of the other elements used in computing the Canadian Borrowing Base. 
 Canadian Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Canadian Security Agreements and any other documents pursuant to which a Canadian Loan Party grants a Lien upon any real or personal property as security for payment of the Canadian Secured Obligations, including, without limitation, all other security agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages, deeds of hypothec, deeds of trust, loan agreements, notes, guarantees, subordination agreements, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, fee letters, notices, leases, financing statements and all other written matter whether theretofore, now or hereafter executed by any Canadian Loan Party and delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Canadian Defined Benefit Plan means a Canadian Pension Plan, which contains a defined benefit provision, as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the ITA. 
 
 Canadian Dollars and Cdn means dollars in the lawful currency of Canada. 
 Canadian Economic Sanctions and Export Control Laws means any Canadian laws, regulations or orders governing transactions in controlled goods or technologies or dealings with countries, entities, organizations, or individuals subject to economic sanctions and similar measures, including the Special Economic Measures Act (Canada), the United Nations Act, (Canada), the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada), Part II.1 of the Criminal Code, (Canada) and the Export and Import Permits Act (Canada), and any related regulations. 
 
 Canadian Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.01. 
 
 Canadian Guarantor means each Canadian Subsidiary of a Borrower that is listed on the signature pages hereto as a Guarantor or that becomes a party hereto as a Canadian Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.14, in each case, until such Subsidiary s Loan Guaranty is released in accordance herewith. 
 	 11 

Canadian Lender means a Lender with a Revolving Commitment to the Canadian Borrowers pursuant to the Canadian Sublimit. 
 
 Canadian Loan Parties means, collectively, the Canadian Borrowers and the Canadian Guarantors and any other Canadian Subsidiary who becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and their respective successors and assigns, and the term Canadian Loan Party shall mean any one of them or all of them individually, as the context may require. 
 
 Canadian Obligated Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.02. 
 
 Canadian Pension Plans means any plan, program or arrangement that is a pension plan that is required to be registered under any applicable Canadian federal or provincial pension legislation, whether or not registered under any such laws, which is, or has been, maintained or contributed to by, or to which there is or may be an obligation to contribute by, a Loan Party or Subsidiary operating in Canada in respect of any Person s employment in Canada with such Loan Party or Subsidiary, other than plans established by statute, which shall include the Canada Pension Plan maintained by the government of Canada and the Quebec Pension Plan maintained by the Province of Quebec. 
 
 Canadian Prime Rate means, on any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (i) the rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate that appears on the Bloomberg screen at 10:15 a.m. Toronto time on such day (or, in the event that the PRIMCAN Index is not published by Bloomberg, any other information services that publishes such index from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and (ii) the CDOR Screen Rate for a 30 day Interest Period on such day, plus 1 per annum; provided, that if any the above rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index or the CDOR Screen Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the PRIMCAN Index or the CDOR Screen Rate, respectively. 
 
 Canadian Prime Rate Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing means a Loan or Borrowing, respectively, denominated in Canadian Dollars the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the Canadian Prime Rate. 
 
 Canadian Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the Dollar Amount sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans, LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure to the Canadian Borrowers, plus (b) an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Overadvances outstanding of the Canadian Borrowers. 
 
 Canadian Revolving Exposure Limitations shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01. 
 
 Canadian Secured Obligations means all Obligations of the Canadian Loan Parties, together with all (a) Banking Services Obligations of the Canadian Borrowers or any Canadian Subsidiary of a Borrower; and (b) Swap Agreement Obligations of a Canadian Borrower or any Canadian Subsidiary of a Borrower; provided that Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Canadian Loan Party shall not be Canadian Secured Obligations of such Canadian Loan Party; provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the 
 	 12 

contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, Specified L/C Obligations constituting Banking Services Obligations shall not constitute Canadian Secured Obligations following such time as the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under any Loan Document (other than contingent or indemnity obligations for which no claim has been made) shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or have been Cash Collateralized pursuant to the terms hereof or terminated, in each case without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed. 
 
 Canadian Security Agreements means each of (a) that certain Canadian Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of the Effective Date, entered into by URBN Canada in favor of the Administrative Agent, (b) that certain deed of hypothec entered into by URBN Canada in favor of the Administrative Agent dated as of on or about the Effective Date, and (c) as the context requires, any other pledge or security agreement or deed of hypothec after the Effective Date by any Canadian Loan Party (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document), as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Canadian Sublimit means 35,000,000. 
 
 Canadian Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company that has been formed or is organized under the laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof. 
 
 Canadian Subsidiary Borrowers means, collectively (i) each Canadian Subsidiary of the Company that is a party to this Agreement as a Canadian Borrower on the Effective Date and (ii) each Canadian Subsidiary of the Company that becomes a party to this Agreement as a Canadian Borrower following the Effective Date pursuant to Section 5.14, in each case, until such time as such Canadian Subsidiary is released from its obligations under the Loan Documents in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Capital Expenditures means, without duplication, any expenditure or commitment to expend money for any purchase or other acquisition of any asset which would be classified as a fixed or capital asset on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Cash Collateralize has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(j). Derivatives of such term have corresponding meanings. 
 Cash Equivalents means: 
 (f) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the U.S. or the Government of Canada (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. or the Government of Canada), in each case maturing within two years from the date of acquisition thereof; 

13 

(g) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, a rating of at least A-2 or P-2 from S P or Moody s (or, if at any time neither S P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, then the highest rating from such other nationally recognized rating services acceptable to the Administrative Agent); 

(h) investments in certificates of deposit, guaranteed investment certificates, bankers acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the U.S. or any State thereof or the federal laws of Canada which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500 , 000 , 000 ; 

(i) in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, obligations and securities of any foreign Governmental Authority or financial institution meeting substantially similar criteria as set forth above; 

(j) repurchase agreements maturing within 365 days from the date of acquisition thereof for securities described in clause (a) above and entered into with any Lender or any commercial bank satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above; 

(k) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (ii) are rated AAA by S P and Aaa by Moody s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least 5,000,000,000; 

(l) marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the U.S., or by the Canadian federal government, or any province or territory of Canada, or any political subdivision of any such state, province or territory or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case maturing within two years after the date of acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition, in each case having the highest rate obtainable from either S P or Moody s (or, if at any time neither S P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, then the highest rating from such other nationally recognized rating services acceptable to the Administrative Agent), and in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, other short-term investments that are (i) analogous to the foregoing, (ii) comparable credit quality and (iii) customarily used by companies in the jurisdiction of such Foreign Subsidiary for cash management purposes; 

(m) overnight investments with any Lender or any commercial bank satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above; and 

(n) other instruments as readily marketable as the investments (and as limited in duration if time instruments) as described in clause (c) above issued or sold by any Lender or any commercial bank satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above. 

CBR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. 
 CBR Spread means the Applicable Rate, applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan. 
 Central Bank Rate means, (A) the greater of (i) for any Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion: (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the 
 	 14 

marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, and (c) any other Alternative Currency determined after the Effective Date, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and (ii) the Floor; plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment. 
 Central Bank Rate Adjustment means, for any day, for any Loan denominated in (a) Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted EURIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, (b) Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Sterling Borrowings for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, and (c) any other Alternative Currency determined after the Effective Date, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (B) of the definition of such term and (y) the EURIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBOR Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency for a maturity of one month. 
 CDOR when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the CDOR Screen Rate. 
 CDOR Screen Rate means on any day for the relevant Interest Period, the annual rate of interest equal to the average rate applicable to Canadian dollar Canadian bankers acceptances for the applicable period that appears on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page as defined in the International Swap Dealer Association, Inc. definitions, as modified and amended from time to time (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such page or screen, on any successor or substitute page or screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), rounded to the nearest 1/100 th of 1 (with .005 being rounded up), as of 10:15 a.m. Toronto local time on the first day of such Interest Period and, if such day is not a business day, then on the immediately preceding business day (as adjusted by Administrative Agent after 10:15 a.m. Toronto local time to reflect any error in the posted rate of interest or in the posted average annual rate of interest). If the CDOR Screen Rate shall be less than zero, the CDOR Screen Rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 CFC means each Person that is a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code. 
 CFC Holdco means a Domestic Subsidiary with no material assets other than equity interests of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs. 
 Change in Control means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) but excluding the Control Group, of Equity Interests representing more than 50 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and 
 	 15 

outstanding Equity Interests of the Company; (b) the Company shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, at least 100 of the outstanding voting Equity Interests of the other Loan Parties on a fully diluted basis, or (c) any change of control or similar concept occurs under any agreement governing Material Indebtedness. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement (or, with respect to any Lender, such later date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement) of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty; (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority; or (c) compliance by any Lender or the Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Charges has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17. 
 Class , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans or Protective Advances or Overadvances. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term SOFR (or a successor administrator). 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 Collateral means any and all property owned, leased or operated by a Person covered by the Collateral Documents and any and all other property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that may at any time be, become or be intended (pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of any Collateral Document) to be, subject to a security interest or Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and the Lenders and other Secured Parties, to secure the Secured Obligations. 
 Collateral Access Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreement, as the context requires. 
 Collateral and Guaranty Requirement means, at any time, the requirement that: 
 (o) the Administrative Agent shall have received from the Company and each Designated Subsidiary (i) in the case of the Company and each Designated Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary, a counterpart of this Agreement and the Security Agreements, as applicable, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person causing such Domestic Subsidiary to become a U.S. Loan Party, (ii) in the case of URBN Canada and each Designated Subsidiary that is a Canadian Subsidiary, a counterpart of this Agreement and the Security Agreements, as applicable, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person causing such Canadian Subsidiary to become a Canadian Loan Party or (iii) in the case of any Person that becomes a Designated Subsidiary after the Effective Date, (A) a Joinder Agreement, duly executed and 

16 

delivered on behalf of such Person, causing such Designated Subsidiary to become a U.S. Loan Party or a Canadian Loan Party, as appropriate, and (B) instruments in the form or forms specified in the Security Agreement under which such Person becomes a party to the Security Agreement, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person, together with such certificates, documents and opinions with respect to such Designated Subsidiary as may reasonably be requested by the Administrative Agent; 

(p) the Administrative Agent shall have received all Collateral Access Agreements, Control Agreements and other Collateral Documents required to be provided to it hereunder or under the applicable Security Agreement; 

(q) (i) all Equity Interests owned by or on behalf of any U.S. Loan Party shall have been pledged to support the Secured Obligations pursuant to, and to the extent required by, the Security Agreements; provided that, in the case of Equity Interests entitled to vote in any CFC or CFC Holdco owned by a Loan Party, the U.S. Loan Party shall not be required to pledge in support of the U.S. Secured Obligations more than 65 of such Equity Interests entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) of any such CFC or CFC Holdco to the extent a pledge of a greater percentage could reasonably be expected to result in adverse tax consequences to the Company, (ii) all Equity Interests owned by or on behalf of any Canadian Loan Party shall have been pledged to support the Canadian Secured Obligations pursuant to, and to the extent required by, the Canadian Security Agreements, and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall, to the extent required by the Security Agreements, have received certificates or other instruments representing all such certificated Equity Interests, together with undated stock powers or other instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed in blank; 

(r) all documents and instruments, including UCC and PPSA financing statements required by the Collateral Documents or this Agreement with the priority required by the Collateral Documents shall have been filed, registered or recorded or delivered to the Administrative Agent for filing, registration or recording; and 

(s) each Loan Party shall have obtained all material consents and approvals required in connection with the execution and delivery of all Collateral Documents to which it is a party and the performance of its obligations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Designated Subsidiary formed or acquired after the Effective Date shall not be required to comply with the foregoing requirements prior to the time specified in Section 5.14. The foregoing definition shall not require the creation or perfection of pledges of or security interests in, or legal opinions or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets of the Loan Parties, or the provision of Guarantees by any Subsidiary, if and for so long as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower Representative, determines that the cost of creating or perfecting such pledges or security interests in such assets, or obtaining legal opinions or other deliverables in respect of such assets, or providing such Guarantees, shall be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom. The Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion grant extensions of time for the creation and perfection of security interests in, or the delivery of legal opinions or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets or the provision of any Guarantee by any Subsidiary (including extensions beyond the Effective Date or in connection with assets acquired, or Subsidiaries formed or acquired, after the Effective Date) where it determines that such action cannot be accomplished without unreasonable effort or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required to be accomplished by this Agreement or the Collateral Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no action required to be taken by any Person to effect compliance by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with any applicable Requirement of Law shall be deemed to cause unreasonable effort or expense hereunder. 
 	 17 

Collateral Documents means, collectively, the U.S. Collateral Documents and the Canadian Collateral Documents. 
 Collateral-Related Property has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23. 
 Commercial LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Dollar Amount of all outstanding commercial Letters of Credit plus (b) the aggregate Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements relating to commercial Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the U.S. Borrowers. The Commercial LC Exposure of an Issuing Bank (in its capacity as such) shall be the Commercial LC Exposure in respect of commercial Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. The Commercial LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate Commercial LC Exposure at such time. Commercial letters of credit issued under a Specified L/C Facility shall not constitute Letters of Credit, and amounts thereunder (whether undrawn or drawn but unreimbursed) shall not constitute Commercial LC Exposure. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit, Overadvances, Protective Advances and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate permitted amount of such Lender s Revolving Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (a) Section 2.09 and (b) assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lender s Commitment is set forth on the Commitment Schedule , or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. 
 Commitment Schedule means the Schedule attached hereto identified as such. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Communications has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d). 
 Company means Urban Outfitters, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate executed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative in substantially the form of Exhibit D . 
 Concentration Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreement, as the context requires. 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Control Agreement means, with respect to any deposit account, securities account, commodity account, securities entitlement or commodity contract, an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent, among Administrative Agent, the financial institution or other Person at which such account is maintained or with which such entitlement or contract is carried and the applicable Loan Party (by virtue of such Loan Party maintaining such account or owning such entitlement or contract), 
 	 18 

effective to grant control (within the meanings of Articles 8 and 9 under the applicable UCC) over such account to Administrative Agent. 
 Control Group means Richard A. Hayne and Margaret A. Hayne and any lineal descendant thereof and any trust created for the benefit of Mr. Hayne, Mrs. Hayne or any lineal descendant. 
 Controlled Disbursement Account means any account of any Borrower maintained with the Lender as a zero balance, cash management account pursuant to and under any agreement between a Borrower and the Lender, as modified and amended from time to time, and through which all disbursements of a Borrower, any Loan Party and any Designated Subsidiary of a Borrower are made and settled on a daily basis with no uninvested balance remaining overnight. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following: 
 (i)	a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 
 (ii)	a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 
 (iii)	a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.25. 
 Credit Card Accounts means any payment intangibles , as defined in the UCC (or intangibles as defined in the PPSA, if applicable) or receivables due to any Borrower from a credit card issuer or a credit card processor in connection with purchases of Inventory of such Borrower in the ordinary course of business on (a) credit cards issued by Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, PayPal, each of their respective Affiliates, and any other credit card issuers that are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, (b) private label credit cards of any Borrower issued under non-recourse arrangements substantially similar to those in effect on the Effective Date or (c) debit cards and mall cards issued by issuers or providers that are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in each case under this definition, which have been earned by performance by such Borrower but not yet paid to such Borrower by such credit card issuer or credit card processor. 
 Credit Card Agreement means any agreement between a Borrower, on the one hand, and a credit card issuer or a credit card processor (including any credit card processor that processes purchases of Inventory from a Borrower through debit cards or mall cards), on the other hand relating to any Credit Card Account included or intended to be included in any Borrowing Base. 
 Credit Card Notifications means each credit card notification, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, executed by one or more Borrowers and delivered by such Borrowers to credit card issuers or credit card processors that are party to any Credit Card Agreement. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender. 
 	 19 

Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an RFR Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to, for any RFR Loan denominated in (i) Sterling, SONIA for the day that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day and (ii) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrowers. 
 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular Default, if any) has not been satisfied; (b) has notified any Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement, to the effect that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular Default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification, or (d) has become the subject of (i) a Bankruptcy Event or (ii) Bail-In Action. 
 Deposit Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreements, as the context requires. 
 Designated Subsidiary means each Subsidiary other than any Excluded Subsidiary. 
 Disclosed Matters means the actions, suits, proceedings and environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 3.06 . 
 Disqualified Stock means any Equity Interests which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder 
 	 20 

thereof, in whole or in part, or requires the payment of any cash dividend or any other scheduled payment constituting a return of capital, in each case at any time on or prior to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date, or (b) is convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) cash, (ii) debt securities or (iii) any Equity Interests referred to in (a) above, in each case at any time prior to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because holders of the Equity Interests have the right to require the issuer of such Equity Interests to repurchase such Equity Interests upon the occurrence of a change of control or an asset sale will not constitute Disqualified Stock if the terms of such Equity Interests provide that the issuer may not repurchase or redeem any such Equity Interests pursuant to such provisions unless such repurchase or redemption is permitted under the terms of this Agreement. 
 Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division. 
 Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 
 Division Successor means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or any portion of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing Person which retains any of its assets, liabilities and/or obligations after a Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division. 
 Document has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreement, as the context requires, and includes a document of title as defined in the PPSA, if applicable. 
 Dollar Amount means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in an Alternative Currency, the equivalent of such amount in dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of dollars with the Alternative Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by Reuters on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of dollars with the Alternative Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the U.S. (which, subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, shall be deemed to include URBN Puerto Rico Retail LLC). 
 Dominion Period means (a) any period during which any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or (b) any period (i) commencing at any time when Aggregate Availability shall be less than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level I), and (ii) ending when Aggregate Availability shall have been greater than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level I) for a period of 30 consecutive days; provided that no more than two (2) Dominion Periods may end in any consecutive twelve 12 month period. 
 	 21 

EBITDA means, for any period, for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to Net Income for such period, plus 
 (t) the following without duplication and to the extent deducted in calculating such Net Income: 

(i) Interest Expense for such period; 

(ii) the provision for federal, state, provincial, local and foreign income taxes (excluding Federal, state, local and foreign income tax credits of the Company) payable by the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period; 

(iii) depreciation and amortization expense; 

(iv) non-cash compensation expenses; 

(v) non-recurring non-cash charges (including asset impairment charges, unrealized foreign currency losses or other unrealized hedge agreement losses, but for avoidance of doubt, excluding recurring non-cash charges, such as non-cash charges that relate to the write-down or write-off of inventory) for such period; 

(vi) other non-recurring losses, costs, charges, or cash expenses (including without limitation restructuring, business optimization costs, charges or reserves (including any unusual or non-recurring operating expenses directly attributable to the implementation of cost savings initiatives), and non-recurring severance, relocation, consolidation, transition, integration or other similar charges and expenses in an amount not to exceed 25,000,000 in the aggregate for such period; 

(vii) costs, fees, expenses, premiums or penalties incurred during such period in connection with Acquisitions (whether or not consummated) and permitted asset sales (whether or not consummated) in an amount not to exceed 5,000,000 in the aggregate for such period, other than asset sales effected in the ordinary course of business; 

(viii) costs, fees, and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions; and minus 

(u) the following without duplication and to the extent included in calculating such Net Income: 

(i) federal, state, provincial, local and foreign income tax credits of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period; 

(ii) all non-recurring non-cash items increasing Net Income for such period (including, without limitation, foreign currency gains, but excluding normal accruals in the ordinary course of business); 

(iii) all non-recurring cash gains of the Company and its Subsidiaries increasing Net Income for such period; 

(iv) interest income for such period; and 

(v) any cash payments for such period that were deducted in determining Net Income and added back in determining EBITDA in such testing period or a previous testing period under clause (a)(v) above. 

22 

For purposes of calculating EBITDA (except for purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.12) for any period in connection with the determination of whether the Payment Conditions have been satisfied, if during any period the Company or any Subsidiary shall have consummated a Pro Forma Event since the first day of such period, EBITDA for such period shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect thereto. 
 EBITDAR means, for any period, for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of EBITDA plus Rentals. 
 ECP means an eligible contract participant as defined in Section 1(a)( 18 of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and/or the SEC. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 	 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02). 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Electronic System means any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax, web portal access for such Borrowers, Intralinks , ClearPar , Debt Domain, Syndtrak and any other Internet or extranet-based site, whether such electronic system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank and any of its respective Related Parties or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security system. 
 Eligible Credit Card Accounts means at the time of any determination thereof, each Credit Card Account of a Borrower that satisfies the following criteria at the time of creation and continues to meet the same at the time of such determination: such Credit Card Account (i) has been earned by performance and represents the bona fide amounts due to a Borrower from a credit card issuer or credit card processor, and in each case is originated in the ordinary course of business of such Borrower, and (ii) in each case is not ineligible for inclusion in the calculation of any Borrowing Base pursuant to any of clauses (a) through (p) below. Without limiting the foregoing, to qualify as an Eligible Credit Card Account, such Credit Card Account shall indicate no Person other than a Borrower as payee or remittance party. Any Credit Card Account included within any of the following categories shall not constitute an Eligible Credit Card Account: 
 	 23 

(v) which is not earned or does not represent the bona fide amount due to a Borrower from a credit card processor or a credit card issuer that originated in the ordinary course of business of the applicable Borrower; 

(w) which is not owned by a Borrower or to which a Borrower does not have good or marketable title; 

(x) in which the payee of such Credit Card Account is a Person other than a Borrower; 

(y) which does not constitute an Account (as defined in the UCC or, if applicable, the PPSA) or a Payment Intangible (as defined in the UCC) or an intangible (as defined in the PPSA, if applicable); 

(z) which has been outstanding for more than five (5) Business Days (or, in the case of American Express, ten (10) calendar days) from the date of sale; 

(aa) with respect to which the applicable credit card issuer, credit card processor or debit card or mall card issuer or provider has (i) applied for, suffered, or consented to the appointment of any receiver, interim receiver, custodian, trustee, monitor, administrator, sequestrator or liquidator of its assets, (ii) has had possession of all or a material part of its property taken by any receiver, interim receiver, custodian, trustee, monitor, administrator, sequestrator or liquidator, (iii) filed, or had filed against it (but only so long as any such involuntary filing has not been stayed or vacated), any request or petition for liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debts, adjudication as bankrupt, winding-up, or voluntary or involuntary case under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (iv) has admitted in writing its inability, or is generally unable to, pay its debts as they become due, (v) become insolvent or (vi) ceased operation of its business; 

(bb) which is not a valid, legally enforceable obligation of the applicable credit card issuer or credit card processor with respect thereto; 

(cc) which is not subject to a duly perfected first priority security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties); 

(dd) which is subject to any Lien, other than (i) a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), (ii) any Permitted Encumbrances contemplated by the applicable processor agreements and for which appropriate Reserves (as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion) have been established and (iii) Liens securing Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness that are subject to an Intercreditor Agreement and which do not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent; 

(ee) with respect to which (i) (x) any covenant has been breached or (y) any other representation or warranty is not true in all material respects to the extent contained in this Agreement or the Security Agreement, it being acknowledged that any representation or warranty as to eligibility under this definition shall not be deemed qualified by materiality except as and to the extent expressly so stated in another provision of this definition, or (ii) (x) any covenant has been breached or (y) any representation or warranty is not true in all material respects to the extent contained in the Credit Card Agreements relating to such Credit Card Account, provided that each such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects to the extent already qualified by a materiality standard; 

(ff) which is subject to risk of set-off, recoupment, non-collection or not being processed due to unpaid and/or accrued credit card processor fee balances, to the extent of the lesser of the balance of the applicable Credit Card Account or the unpaid credit card processor fees; 

24 

(gg) which is evidenced by chattel paper or an instrument of any kind unless such chattel paper or instrument is in the possession of the Administrative Agent, and to the extent necessary or appropriate, endorsed to the Administrative Agent; 

(hh) which the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion determines may not be paid by reason of the applicable credit card processor s, credit card issuer s or debit card or mall card issuer s or provider s inability to pay; 

(ii) which represents a deposit or partial payment in connection with the purchase of Inventory of such Borrower; 

(jj) which is not subject to a Credit Card Notification; or 

(kk) which does not meet such other eligibility criteria for Credit Card Accounts as the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion may determine from time to time; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not add any additional eligibility criteria (or amend any then-existing eligibility criteria to make the same more restrictive) without giving at least four (4) Business Days prior notice to the Borrower Representative; provided further that, if after the delivery of such notice the Borrower Representative notifies the Administrative Agent that it desires to discuss the changes described therein, then the Administrative Agent will discuss such changes with the Borrower Representative, provided that nothing in this proviso shall obligate the Administrative Agent to eliminate, reduce, or delay any such changes. 

In determining the amount of an Eligible Credit Card Account of a Borrower, the face amount of a Credit Card Account may, in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion, be reduced by, without duplication, to the extent not reflected in such face amount, (i) the amount of all accrued and actual fees, expenses and charges due to the credit card issuer or credit card processor by any Borrower, discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments, finance charges or other allowances (including any amount that a Borrower may be obligated to rebate to a customer, a credit card issuer or credit card processor pursuant to the terms of any agreement or understanding (written or oral)) and (ii) the aggregate amount of all cash received in respect of such Credit Card Account but not yet applied by the Borrowers to reduce the amount of such Credit Card Account. 
 Eligible In-Transit Inventory means, as of the date of determination thereof, without duplication, Inventory of a Borrower that, except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion, meets each of the following criteria: 
 (ll) the Administrative Agent shall have received, if requested, (1) a true and correct copy of the bill of lading and other shipping documents for such Inventory unless the Administrative Agent has entered into a duly executed Collateral Access Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, from the applicable freight forwarder for such Inventory and (2) evidence of satisfactory casualty insurance naming the Administrative Agent as lender loss payee and otherwise covering such risks as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; 

(mm) if the bill of lading is non-negotiable, the Inventory must be in transit within the U.S. or Canada (or in transit from outside the U.S. or Canada, if approved by the Administrative Agent in writing) and the Administrative Agent shall have entered into or delivered, if requested, a duly executed Collateral Access Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, with or to the applicable customs broker, freight forwarder or carrier for such Inventory; 

25 

(nn) except as otherwise approved in writing by the Administrative Agent, (i) if the bill of lading is negotiable, the inventory must be in transit from outside the U.S. or Canada, and (ii) whether the bill of lading is negotiable or non-negotiable, the Administrative Agent shall have received (1) confirmation that the bill is issued in the name of such Borrower and consigned to the order of the Administrative Agent (or any other agent designated by the Administrative Agent), (2) an acceptable agreement that has been executed with such Borrower s customs broker, in which the customs broker agrees that it holds any negotiable bill as agent for the Administrative Agent and has granted the Administrative Agent access to the Inventory, (3) an estimate from such Borrower of the customs duties and customs fees associated with the Inventory in order to establish an appropriate Reserve, and (4) the Administrative Agent shall have received confirmation that title to such Inventory shall have passed to such Borrower and the Borrower shall be the sole owner of such Inventory, and if the goods were covered by a commercial letter of credit that such Borrower has paid for the goods; 

(oo) the common carrier is not an Affiliate of the applicable vendor or supplier; 

(pp) the customs broker is not an Affiliate of any Borrower; 

(qq) (i) at any time prior to the first anniversary of the Third Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion), such Inventory has not been in-transit for more than 75 days from the date such Inventory first became Eligible Inventory and (ii) at all times thereafter, such Inventory has not been in-transit for more than 60 days from the date such Inventory first became Eligible Inventory; and 

(rr) such Inventory satisfies all of the criteria for Eligible Inventory (except the criteria in clauses (g) and (i)(ii) of the definition of Eligible Inventory ). 

Eligible Inventory means, as of the date of determination thereof, without duplication, items of Inventory of a Borrower that are finished goods, merchantable and readily saleable in the ordinary course of such Borrower s business, in each case in this definition that is not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the criteria set forth below. Eligible Inventory shall not include any Inventory: 
 (ss) which is not subject to a first priority perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties); 

(tt) which is subject to any Lien other than (i) a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), (ii) a Permitted Encumbrance which does not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) and (iii) Liens securing Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness that are subject to an Intercreditor Agreement and which do not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent; 

(uu) which is slow moving (unless otherwise covered by a current appraisal acceptable to the Administrative Agent), obsolete, unmerchantable, defective, used, unfit for sale, unacceptable due to age, type, category and/or quantity or which was not able to be valued under any appraisal conducted from time to time; 

(vv) (i) with respect to which any covenant, other representation or warranty contained in this Agreement or in any Security Agreement has been breached or is not true in any material respect (or with respect to any representation or warranty that is already qualified by materiality, such representation and warranty is untrue), it being acknowledged that any representation or warranty as to eligibility under this definition shall not be deemed qualified by materiality except as and to the extent expressly so stated in 

26 

another provision of this definition, or (ii) which does not conform in all material respects to all standards imposed by any applicable Governmental Authority; 

(ww) in which any Person other than such Borrower shall (i) have any direct or indirect ownership, interest or title or (ii) be indicated on any purchase order or invoice with respect to such Inventory as having or purporting to have an interest therein; 

(xx) which is not finished goods or which constitutes work-in-progress, raw materials, spare or replacement parts, packaging and shipping material, manufacturing supplies, samples, prototypes, displays or display items, bill-and-hold or ship-in-place goods, goods that are returned or marked for return, repossessed goods, defective or damaged goods, goods held on consignment, or goods which are not of a type held for sale in the ordinary course of business (for the avoidance of doubt, sales in the ordinary course of business includes clearance sales); 

(yy) which (i) is not located in the U.S., Puerto Rico or Canada, or (ii) is In-Transit Inventory; 

(zz) which is located in any location leased by such Borrower (other than any retail store of such Borrower located in a jurisdiction that does not provide for a common law or statutory landlord s lien on the personal property of tenants, unless a landlord s lien or hypothec has been granted by a Borrower in such a jurisdiction, that would be prior or superior to the Liens of the Administrative Agent) unless (i) the lessor has delivered to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement or (ii) a Reserve has been established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion; 

(aaa) which is (i) located in any third party warehouse or is in the possession of a bailee (other than a third party processor) unless (A) such warehouseman or bailee has delivered to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may require or (B) an appropriate Reserve has been established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion, or (ii) evidenced by a negotiable Document; 

(bbb) which is being processed offsite at a third party location or outside processor, or is in-transit to or from such third party location or outside processor; 

(ccc) which is the subject of a consignment by such Borrower as consignor; 

(ddd) which contains or bears any intellectual property rights licensed to such Borrower unless the Administrative Agent is satisfied that it may sell or otherwise dispose of such Inventory without (i) infringing the rights of such licensor, (ii) violating any contract with such licensor, or (iii) incurring any liability with respect to payment of royalties other than royalties incurred pursuant to sale of such Inventory under the current licensing agreement; 

(eee) which is not reflected in a current perpetual inventory report of such Borrower (unless such Inventory is reflected in a report to the Administrative Agent as in transit Inventory); 

(fff) for which reclamation rights have been asserted by the seller; 

(ggg) which has been acquired from a Sanctioned Person; 

(hhh) which has been designated or demanded to be returned to or retained by the applicable vendor or which has been recognized as damaged or off quality by the applicable Borrower; or 

27 

(iii) which does not meet such other eligibility criteria for Inventory as the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion may determine from time to time; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not add any additional eligibility criteria (or amend any then-existing eligibility criteria to make the same more restrictive) without giving at least four (4) Business Days' prior notice to the Borrower Representative; provided further that, if after the delivery of such notice the Borrower Representative notifies the Administrative Agent that it desires to discuss the changes described therein, then the Administrative Agent will discuss such changes with the Borrower Representative, provided that nothing in this proviso shall obligate the Administrative Agent to eliminate, reduce, or delay any such changes; 

provided further that in determining the value of the Eligible Inventory, such value shall be reduced by, without duplication of amounts already accounted for in determining such value, any amounts representing (i) vendor rebates; (ii) costs included in Inventory relating to advertising; (iii) a shrink reserve; and (iv) the unreconciled discrepancy between the general inventory ledger and the perpetual inventory ledger, to the extent the general inventory ledger reflects less Inventory than the perpetual inventory ledger. In the event that Inventory of a Borrower which was previously Eligible Inventory ceases to be Eligible Inventory hereunder, such cessation shall be reflected in the next Borrowing Base Certificate. 
 Eligible Trade Accounts means, at any time, each Account (other than a Credit Card Account) of a Borrower that satisfies the following criteria at the time of creation and continues to meet the same at the time of such determination: such Account (i) has been earned by performance and represents the bona fide amounts due to a Borrower and in each case is originated in the ordinary course of business of such Borrower, and (ii) in each case is not ineligible for inclusion in the calculation of any Borrowing Base pursuant to any of clauses (a) through (y) below. Without limiting the foregoing, to qualify as an Eligible Trade Account, such Account shall indicate no Person other than a Borrower as payee or remittance party. Any Account included within any of the following categories shall not constitute an Eligible Trade Account: 
 (jjj) which is not subject to a first priority perfected security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties); 

(kkk) which is subject to any Lien other than (i) a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, (ii) a Permitted Encumbrance which does not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent and (iii) Liens securing Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness that are subject to an Intercreditor Agreement and which do not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent; 

(lll) (i) with respect to which the scheduled due date is more than 90 days after the date of the original invoice therefor, (ii) which is unpaid more than 90 days after the date of the original invoice therefor or more than 60 days after the original due date therefor (in determining the aggregate amount from the same Account Debtor that is unpaid hereunder there shall be excluded the amount of any net credit balances relating to Accounts due from such Account Debtor which are unpaid more than 90 days after the date of the original invoice therefor or more than 60 days after the original due date therefor) or (iii) which has been written off the books of such Borrower or otherwise designated as uncollectible; 

(mmm) which is owing by an Account Debtor for which more than 50 of the Accounts owing from such Account Debtor and its Affiliates are ineligible pursuant to clause (c) above; 

(nnn) which is owing by an Account Debtor to the extent the aggregate amount of Accounts owing from such Account Debtor and its Affiliates to all Borrowers exceeds 20 of the aggregate amount of Eligible Trade Accounts of all Borrowers; provided that with respect to an Account which is owing by (i) Nordstrom, Inc. or its Affiliates (a Nordstrom Account to the extent the aggregate amount of Nordstrom Accounts owing to all Borrowers exceeds 35 of the aggregate amount of Eligible Trade 

28 

Accounts of all Borrowers and (ii) Macy s, Inc. or its Affiliates (a Macy s Account to the extent the aggregate amount of Macy s Accounts owing to all Borrowers exceeds 35 of the aggregate amount of Eligible Trade Accounts of all Borrowers; provided further that, should (i) Nordstrom, Inc. fail to maintain a corporate credit rating from S P of BBB- or higher, then the 35 concentration limit set forth above for Nordstrom Accounts shall be reduced to 20 and (ii) Macy s, Inc. fail to maintain a corporate credit rating from S P of BBB- or higher, then the 35 concentration limit set forth above for Macy s Accounts shall be reduced to 20 ; 

(ooo) with respect to which any covenant, other representation or warranty contained in this Agreement or in any Security Agreement has been breached or is not true in all material respects (or, to the extent qualified by materiality, in all respects), it being acknowledged that any representation or warranty as to eligibility under this definition shall not be deemed qualified by materiality except as and to the extent expressly so stated in another provision of this definition; 

(ppp) which (i) does not arise from the sale of Inventory or performance of services in the ordinary course of business, (ii) is not evidenced by an invoice or other documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent which has been sent to the Account Debtor, (iii) represents a progress billing, (iv) is contingent upon such Borrower's completion of any further performance, (v) represents a sale on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale-and-return, sale on approval, consignment, cash-on-delivery or any other repurchase or return basis or (vi) relates to payments of interest; 

(qqq) for which the goods giving rise to such Account have not been shipped to the Account Debtor or for which the services giving rise to such Account have not been performed by such Borrower or if such Account was invoiced more than once; 

(rrr) with respect to which any check or other instrument of payment has been returned uncollected for any reason; 

(sss) which is owed by an Account Debtor which has (i) applied for, suffered, or consented to the appointment of any receiver, interim receiver, custodian, trustee, liquidator or similar official of its assets, (ii) had possession of all or a material part of its property taken by any receiver, interim receiver, custodian, trustee, liquidator or similar official, (iii) filed, or had filed against it, any request or petition for liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debts, adjudication as bankrupt, winding-up, or voluntary or involuntary case or proceeding under any federal, state, provincial or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect (other than post-petition accounts payable of an Account Debtor that is a debtor-in-possession under the Bankruptcy Code or other applicable law and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), (iv) admitted in writing its inability, or is generally unable to, pay its debts as they become due, (v) become insolvent, or (vi) ceased operation of its business; 

(ttt) which is owed by any Account Debtor which has sold all or substantially all of its assets; 

(uuu) which is owed by an Account Debtor which (i) does not maintain its chief executive office in the U.S. (including any territory thereof) or Canada, or the European Union or (ii) is not organized under applicable law of the U.S., any state or territory of the U.S. or the District of Columbia, Canada, or any province or territory of Canada, or the European Union, or any country, province or territory of the European Union unless, in any such case, such Account is backed by a Letter of Credit acceptable to the Administrative Agent which is in the possession of, and is directly drawable by, the Administrative Agent; provided that in the case of Account Debtors that maintain their chief executive office in the European Union or are organized in the European Union, or any country, province or territory of the European Union, the aggregate amount of such Accounts shall not exceed 2,500,000 at any time; 

29 

(vvv) which is owed in any currency other than U.S. Dollars, Canadian Dollars, Euros or Sterling; 

(www) which is owed by any Governmental Authority of any country other than the U.S. or Canada unless (i) such Account is backed by a Letter of Credit acceptable to the Administrative Agent which is in the possession of, and is directly drawable by, the Administrative Agent, or (ii) such Account is owed by any Governmental Authority of the U.S., or any department, agency, public corporation, or instrumentality thereof, unless the Federal Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, as amended (31 U.S.C. 3727 et seq. and 41 U.S.C. 15 et seq.) and any other steps necessary to perfect the Lien of the Administrative Agent in such Account have been complied with to the Administrative Agent's satisfaction, or (iii) such Account is owed by any Governmental Authority of Canada, or any province, territory, department, agency, public corporation, or instrumentality thereof, unless the Financial Administration Act (Canada) or any other legislation of similar purpose and effect restricting the assignment of such Account and any other steps necessary to perfect the Lien of the Administrative Agent in such Account have been complied with to the Administrative Agent's satisfaction; 

(xxx) which is owed by any Affiliate of any Loan Party or any employee, officer, director, agent or stockholder of any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates; 

(yyy) which is owed by an Account Debtor or any Affiliate of such Account Debtor to which any Loan Party or Subsidiary is indebted, but only to the extent of such indebtedness, or is subject to any security, deposit, progress payment, retainage or other similar advance made by or for the benefit of an Account Debtor, in each case to the extent thereof; 

(zzz) which is subject to any claim, counterclaim, deduction, defense, setoff or dispute but only to the extent of any such counterclaim, deduction, defense, setoff or dispute; 

(aaaa) which is evidenced by any promissory note, chattel paper or instrument or judgment; 

(bbbb) which is owed by an Account Debtor (i) located in any jurisdiction which requires filing of a Notice of Business Activities Report or other similar report in order to permit such Borrower to seek judicial enforcement in such jurisdiction of payment of such Account, unless such Borrower has filed such report or qualified to do business in such jurisdiction or (ii) that is a Sanctioned Person; 

(cccc) with respect to which such Borrower has made any agreement with the Account Debtor for any reduction thereof, for an extension of time for the payment thereof, any compromise or settlement for less than the full amount thereof, any release from liability therefor, or any deduction therefrom, other than discounts and adjustments given in the ordinary course of business but only to the extent of any such discount or adjustment, or any Account which was partially paid and such Borrower created a new receivable for the unpaid portion of such Account; 

(dddd) which does not comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable laws and regulations, whether Federal (U.S. or Canadian), state, provincial or local, including without limitation the Federal Consumer Credit Protection Act, the Federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z of the Board; 

(eeee) which is for goods that have been sold under a purchase order or pursuant to the terms of a contract or other agreement or understanding (written or oral) that indicates or purports that any Person other than such Borrower has or has had an ownership interest in such goods, or which indicates any party other than such Borrower as payee or remittance party; 

30 

(ffff) which was created on cash on delivery terms; 

(gggg) which the Administrative Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion may not be paid by reason of the Account Debtor's inability to pay; or 

(hhhh) which does not meet such other eligibility criteria for Accounts as the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion may determine from time to time; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not add any additional eligibility criteria (or amend any then-existing eligibility criteria to make the same more restrictive) without giving at least four (4) Business Days' prior notice to the Borrower Representative; provided further that, if after the delivery of such notice the Borrower Representative notifies the Administrative Agent that it desires to discuss the changes described therein, then the Administrative Agent will discuss such changes with the Borrower Representative, provided that nothing in this proviso shall obligate the Administrative Agent to eliminate, reduce, or delay any such changes. 

In determining the amount of an Eligible Trade Account of a Borrower, the face amount of an Account may, in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion, be reduced by, without duplication, to the extent not reflected in such face amount, (i) the amount of all accrued and actual discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments or finance charges (including any amount that such Borrower may be obligated to rebate to an Account Debtor pursuant to the terms of any agreement or understanding (written or oral)) and (ii) the aggregate amount of all cash received in respect of such Account but not yet applied by such Borrower to reduce the amount of such Account. In the event that an Account of a Borrower which was previously an Eligible Trade Account ceases, to the actual knowledge of a Financial Officer of a Borrower, to be an Eligible Trade Account hereunder, such cessation shall be reflected in the next Borrowing Base Certificate. 
 Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances and all binding orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or agreements passed, adopted, issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating to protection of the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters to the extent related to exposure to Hazardous Materials. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of any Borrower or Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) any exposure to any Hazardous Materials resulting in physical injury or property damage or a claim of such injury or property damage, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed by or imposed upon any Borrower or Subsidiary with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equipment has the meaning assigned to such term in the applicable UCC or, if applicable, the PPSA. 
 Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder . 
 	 31 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with a Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30 day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to timely make any required contribution to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Sections 412 , 430 or 431 of the Code or Sections 302 , 303 or 304 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan or a cessation of operations under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (e) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Plan or receipt by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (g) the receipt by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent, in critical status or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; or (h) the imposition of a Lien under Sections 412, 430(k) or 6321 of the Code or Sections 303 or 4068 of ERISA on any property of a Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 EURIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros and for any Interest Period, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 
 EURIBOR Screen Rate means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters as published at approximately 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify. 
 Euro or means the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 European Union means the region comprised of member states of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty on the European Union. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. 
 Excluded Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreements, as the context requires. 
 	 32 

Excluded Asset has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreements, as the context requires. 
 Excluded Subsidiary means each (a) Unrestricted Subsidiary, (b) Immaterial Subsidiary, (c CFC or CFC Holdco, and (d) any other Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent (confirmed in writing by notice to the Company), the cost or other consequences of becoming a Guarantor shall be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom; provided that (i) any Canadian Subsidiary shall not be an Excluded Subsidiary with respect to the Canadian Secured Obligations and (ii) any Domestic Subsidiary of the Company that is a guarantor under any Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness shall not constitute an Excluded Subsidiary. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case in this clause (a), (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes; (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. Federal and Canadian federal and provincial withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrowers under Section 2.19(b) or Section 9.02(d)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office; (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f); (d) any U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA; and (e) any Taxes that are required to be deducted or withheld under the ITA on or in respect of any payment (or deemed payment under the ITA), to or for the benefit of any recipient (A) with which the payor does not deal at arm s length for purposes of the ITA at the time of making the payment or deemed payment or (B) that is a specified shareholder (as such term is defined in subsection 18(5) of the ITA) of the applicable Loan Party at any relevant time or does not deal at arm s length for purposes of the ITA with a specified shareholder (as such term is defined in subsection 18(5) of the ITA) of the applicable Loan Party at any relevant time (other than where the non-arm s length relationship arises, or where the Lender is a specified shareholder , or does not deal at arm s length with a specified shareholder , in connection with or as a result of the Lender having become a party to, performed its obligations under, received or perfected a security interest under or received or enforced any rights under, a Loan Document). 
 Existing Borrowers means the Borrowers as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. 
 	 33 

Existing Lenders means the Lenders as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 Existing Letters of Credit means the letters of credit, if any, issued under the Existing Credit Agreement with stated expiration dates beyond the Effective Date, and a list of such letters of credit has been provided to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as of the Effective Date. 
 Existing Loans means the loans and advances made by the Existing Lenders pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 Existing Security Agreement means that certain Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2015 (as amended, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Effective Date), between the Existing Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and the other holders of the Secured Obligations, and any other pledge or security agreement entered into, after the date thereof and prior to the Effective Date. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions (as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate; provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of a Borrower. 
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, at any date, the ratio of (a) the sum of (i) EBITDAR minus (ii) Unfinanced Capital Expenditures to (b) Fixed Charges, all calculated for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ended on such date (or, if such date is not the last day of a fiscal quarter, ended on the last day of the fiscal quarter most recently ended prior to such date). 
 Fixed Charges means, for any period, without duplication, cash Interest Expense, plus Rentals, plus scheduled principal payments on Indebtedness actually made (including quarterly installments in respect of the Tax Credit Transactions actually made less the amount of any credit actually received) , plus expenses for taxes paid in cash, plus Restricted Payments paid in cash (other than Restricted Payments permitted to be made under Section 6.08(a)(ii)), plus Capital Lease Obligations paid in cash, all calculated on a consolidated basis for the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period in accordance with GAAP. 
 Flood Laws has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.10. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Central Bank Rate, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the initial Floor for each of the Adjusted 
 	 34 

Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or the Central Bank Rate shall be zero. 
 Foreign Currency Sublimit means an amount equal to 25, 000 , 000 . 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if a Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to such Borrower, that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if a Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to such Borrower, that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 Foreign Plan means any employee benefit plan or arrangement (a) maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party or Subsidiary that is not subject to the laws of the United States or Canada; or (b) mandated by a government other than the United States or a Canadian Governmental Authority for employees of any Loan Party or Subsidiary. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary which is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Fourth Amendment Effective Date means February 10, 2023. 
 Funding Accounts means the deposit account(s) of the Borrowers to which the Administrative Agent or the Swingline Lender is authorized by the Borrowers (or by the Borrower Representative on their behalf) to transfer the proceeds of any Borrowings requested or authorized pursuant to this Agreement. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, Canada or any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether provincial, territorial, state, municipal or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national body exercising such powers or functions, such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided that the term Guarantee shall not include (i) customary warranties or indemnities made in trade contracts, asset sale agreements, acquisition agreements, commitment letters, engagement letters and brokerage and deposit agreements in the ordinary course of business, and customary warranties and indemnities to lenders in any documents evidencing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 with respect to the guarantor, (ii) any indemnities made in connection with liability of a Person s directors, officers and employees in their capacities as such as permitted by applicable law, and (iii) any contingent liability arising from the endorsement of negotiable or other instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business, and (iv) any continuing liability of the Company or its Subsidiaries as a lessee under a lease after such lease has been assigned or subleased by such Person. 
 	 35 

Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01. 
 Guarantor means each U.S. Guarantor and Canadian Guarantor. 
 Guarantor Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.11. 
 Hazardous Materials means: (a) any substance, material, or waste that is included within the definitions of hazardous substances, hazardous materials, hazardous waste, toxic substances, toxic materials, toxic waste, or words of similar import in any Environmental Law; (b) those substances listed as hazardous substances by the United States Department of Transportation (or any successor agency) 49 C.F.R. 172.101 and amendments thereto) or by the Environmental Protection Agency (or any successor agency) 40 C.F.R. Part 302 and amendments thereto) or by similar applicable Environmental Law in Canada or by a Canadian Governmental Authority; and (c) any substance, material, or waste that is petroleum, petroleum-related, or a petroleum by-product, asbestos or asbestos-containing material, polychlorinated biphenyls, flammable, explosive, radioactive, freon gas, radon, or a pesticide, herbicide, or other substance regulated under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodentide Act FIFRA ), 7 U.S.C. 136 et seq. or similar applicable Environmental Law in Canada. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary (other than a Borrower) designated by the Borrower Representative to the Administrative Agent as an Immaterial Subsidiary and that meets each of the following criteria as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b): (a) such Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries accounted for less than (x) 2.5 of Total Assets at such date and (y) 2.5 of the consolidated revenues of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the most recent four fiscal quarter period ending on such date, and (b) all Immaterial Subsidiaries and their respective Subsidiaries accounted for less than (x) 5.0 of Total Assets at such date and (y) 5.0 of the consolidated revenues of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the most recent four fiscal quarter period ending on such date; provided , that no Subsidiary shall be or be designated as an Immaterial Subsidiary if such Subsidiary has provided a Loan Guaranty of, or pledged any Collateral as security for, any Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness. 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services, (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed (but only to the extent of the lesser of such Indebtedness and the fair market value of such secured property if such Indebtedness has not been assumed by such Person), (g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, (k) obligations under any liquidated earn-out, (l) any other Off-Balance Sheet Liability, (m) obligations, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (i) any and all Swap Agreements, and (ii) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Swap Agreement transaction and (n) obligations, contingent or otherwise, with respect to Disqualified Stock; provided, however, the term Indebtedness shall not include (1) current trade accounts or current accounts payable (which references to current include payment with trade payment terms as offered by the trade creditor (not in any event to 
 	 36 

exceed 180 days) and include disputed accounts), accrued expenses and liabilities incurred and customer deposits received, in each instance, in the ordinary course of business and not constituting indebtedness for borrowed money or evidenced by notes or other instruments, (2) capital stock (other than Disqualified Stock) and surplus earned, (3) deferred compensation payable to directors, officers or employees of the Company or any Subsidiary, and (4) any earn-out or any customary purchase price adjustment incurred in connection with an Acquisition, except to the extent that the amount payable pursuant to such purchase price adjustment or earn-out is, or becomes, reasonably determinable. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by, or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise des cribed in the foregoing clause (a) hereof, Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b). 
 Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.12. 
 Intercreditor Agreement means any Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement or any Secured Inventory Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower Representative to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08, which shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Interest Expense means, for any period, total interest expense (including that attributable to Capital Lease Obligations) for such period with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness (including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed by the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptances and net costs under Swap Agreements in respect of interest rates to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP), calculated on a consolidated basis for the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period in accordance with GAAP. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the first Business Day of each calendar month, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month), (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan or CDOR Loan the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing or CDOR Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period, (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Swingline Loan is required to be repaid and (e) the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing or CDOR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment for any Agreed Currency) as the 
 	 37 

Borrower Representative may elect; provided that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period, (c) a two month tenor shall not be available for any Term Benchmark Borrowing, (d) a six month tenor shall not be available for any CDOR Borrowing and (e) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(e) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 In-Transit Inventory means Inventory of a Borrower which is in transit with a common carrier from vendors or suppliers of such Borrower. 
 Inventory has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement and/or the Canadian Security Agreements, as context requires, and includes inventory as defined in the PPSA, if applicable. 
 Inventory Advance Percentage shall mean, (i) during all times other than the period from February 20 through June 20 of each year, 90 , and (ii) during the period from February 20 through June 20 of each year, 92.5 . 
 Investment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04. 
 Investment Policy means the investment policies of the Company as approved by the Company s board of directors and in effect from time to time. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 Issuing Bank means (a) JPMCB, in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, (b) Wells Fargo, in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, (c) Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder and (d) any other Lender from time to time designated by the Borrower Representative as an Issuing Bank, with the consent of such Lender and upon notice to the Administrative Agent, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall mean JPMCB, Wells Fargo and each such Lender, individually or collectively as the context shall require and their respective successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i). Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by its Affiliates, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate (it being agreed that such Issuing Bank shall, or shall cause such Affiliate to, comply with the requirements of Section 2.06 with respect to such Letters of Credit). At any time there is more than one Issuing Bank, all singular references to the Issuing Bank shall mean any Issuing Bank, either Issuing Bank, each Issuing Bank, the Issuing Bank that has issued the applicable Letter of Credit, or both (or all) Issuing Banks, as the context may require. 
 ITA means the Income Tax Act (Canada), as amended. 
 Joinder Agreement means a Joinder Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit F . 
 Joint Lead Arrangers means JPMCB and Wells Fargo, in their capacity as joint lead arrangers hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. 
 	 38 

JPMCB means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association, in its individual capacity, and shall include its branches, as applicable, and its successors. 
 LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(j). 
 LC Designated Currency means (a) Canadian Dollars, (b) Sterling, (c) Euros or (d) any other lawful currency (other than U.S. Dollars) acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank which are, in the case of this clause (d), freely transferable and convertible into U.S. Dollars and freely available to the applicable Issuing Bank. 
 LC Disbursement means any payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of the Commercial LC Exposure and the Standby LC Exposure at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate LC Exposure at such time. 
 LC Individual Sublimit means, with respect to any Issuing Bank, an amount equal to (a) with respect to Commercial Letters of Credit and Standby Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Banks designated as such on the Effective Date, the amount set forth on the Commitment Schedule, and (b) with respect to Commercial Letters of Credit and Standby Letters of Credit issued by any other Issuing Bank designated as such by the Borrower Representative following the Effective Date, the amount agreed to by the Issuing Bank and the Borrower Representative with the approval of the Administrative Agent, in each case under this definition, as such amount may be increased for an Issuing Bank as agreed to by such Issuing Bank and the Borrower Representative with notice to the Administrative Agent. 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on the Commitment Schedule and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.09 or an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a Lender hereunder pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank. 
 Letters of Credit means the letters of credit and guarantees issued pursuant to this Agreement, and the term Letter of Credit means any one of them or each of them singularly, as the context may require; for the avoidance of doubt, the Urban UK L/C shall constitute a Letter of Credit hereunder; further, for the avoidance of doubt, letters of credit issued under a Specified L/C Facility shall not constitute Letters of Credit. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, any promissory notes issued pursuant to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit applications, the Collateral Documents, the Loan Guaranty, each Compliance Certificate, each fee letter and all other agreements, instruments, documents and certificates identified in Section 4.01 and each certificate delivered from time to time in connection with the foregoing and all other documents identified therein as a Loan Document, in each case executed and delivered to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any Lender and including all other pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments and letter of credit agreements, letter of credit applications and any agreements between the Borrower Representative and the Issuing Bank regarding the Issuing Bank s LC Individual Sublimit or the respective rights and obligations between such Borrower and the Issuing Bank in connection 
 	 39 

with the issuance of any Letter of Credit, in each case whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (excluding any agreement entered into or in connection with any transaction arising out of any Specified L/C Facility, any other Banking Services or any Swap Obligations). Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. 
 Loan Guarantor means each U.S. Loan Party in the case of Article X and the related obligations and rights thereunder and each Loan Party in the case of Article XI and the related obligations and rights thereunder. 
 Loan Guaranty means, collectively, Article X and Article XI of this Agreement and any separate Guarantee, if applicable, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion, delivered by each Loan Guarantor that is not a U.S. Person (which Guarantee shall be governed by the laws of the country in which such Foreign Subsidiary is located), as it may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time. 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the U.S. Loan Parties and the Canadian Loan Parties. 
 Loans means the loans and advances made by the Lenders or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement, including Swingline Loans, Overadvances and Protective Advances. 
 Local Time means (a) with respect to a Loan or Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars (other than a CDOR Loan or CDOR Borrowing to a U.S. Borrower) or any Letter of Credit, New York City time and (b) with respect to a Loan or Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars (that is a CDOR Loan or CDOR Borrowing to a U.S. Borrower), Sterling, Euros or an Alternative Currency, London time. 
 Macy s Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Eligible Trade Accounts . 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or financial condition of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform any of their obligations under the Loan Documents, (c) the Collateral, or the Administrative Agent s Liens (on behalf of itself and other Secured Parties) on the Collateral or the priority of such Liens, or (d) the rights or remedies available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents. 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 50, 000 , 000 . For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Company or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 Maturity Date means June 10, 2027, or any earlier date on which the Commitments are reduced to zero or otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 	 40 

Maximum Credit Amount means the lesser of (a) the Aggregate Commitments and (b) the Aggregate Borrowing Base. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 Net Income means, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded (a) extraordinary gains and extraordinary losses, (b) the income (or deficit) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (c) the income (or deficit) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary) in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has an ownership interest, except to the extent that any such income is actually received by the Company or such Subsidiary in the form of dividends or similar distributions, (d) the undistributed earnings of any Subsidiary to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary is not at the time permitted by the terms of any contractual obligation (other than under any Loan Document) or Requirement of Law applicable to such Subsidiary and (e) any cancellation of Indebtedness income. 
 Net Orderly Liquidation Value means, with respect to Inventory of any Person, the orderly liquidation value thereof as determined in a manner acceptable to the Administrative Agent by an appraiser reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, net of all costs of liquidation thereof. 
 Net Proceeds means, with respect to any casualty, condemnation, sale, transfer, disposition or similar event in respect of Collateral, (a) the cash proceeds received in respect of such event including (i) any cash received in respect of any non-cash proceeds (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but excluding any interest payments), but only as and when received, (ii) in the case of a casualty, insurance proceeds and (iii) in the case of a condemnation or similar event, condemnation awards and similar payments, minus (b) the sum of (i) all reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses paid to third parties (other than Affiliates) in connection with such event, (ii) in the case of a sale, transfer or other disposition of an asset (including pursuant to a sale and leaseback transaction or a casualty or a condemnation or similar proceeding), the amount of all payments required to be made as a result of such event to repay Indebtedness (other than Loans) that is secured by a Lien on such asset that is not Collateral or is senior to the Liens securing the Secured Obligations or, other than with respect to assets that are Collateral in which the Administrative Agent has a first priority Lien, otherwise subject to mandatory prepayment as a result of such event and (iii) the amount of all taxes paid (or reasonably estimated to be payable) and the amount of any reserves established to fund contingent liabilities reasonably estimated to be payable, in each case during the year that such event occurred or the next succeeding year and that are directly attributable to such event (as determined reasonably and in good faith by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative). 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(d). 
 Nordstrom Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Eligible Trade Accounts . 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 	 41 

NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day(or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 Obligated Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.02. 
 Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements (including pursuant to Section 2.06(a)), indemnities and other obligations and indebtedness (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), obligations and liabilities of any of the Loan Parties to any of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank or any indemnified party, individually or collectively, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, arising or incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or in respect of any of the Loans made or reimbursement or other obligations incurred or any of the Letters of Credit or other instruments at any time evidencing any thereof. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Liability of a Person means (a) any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or notes receivable sold by such Person, (b) any indebtedness, liability or obligation under any so-called synthetic lease transaction entered into by such Person, or (c) any indebtedness, liability or obligation arising with respect to any transaction which is the functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheet of such Person (other than operating leases). 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than a connection arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or any Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19). 
 Overadvance has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(b). 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transaction denominated in Dollars borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions (as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on 
 	 42 

the NYFRB s Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Communities that adopts or has adopted (and has not ceased to adopt) the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
 Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.07(c). 
 Payment Conditions means, at any applicable time of determination with respect to a specified transaction, event, or payment, that (a) no Default or Event Default then exists or would immediately arise as a result of the entering into of such transaction, the occurrence of such event, or the making of such payment, and (b) (i) immediately prior to such transaction, the occurrence of such event, or such payment and (ii) on a Pro Forma Basis and, with respect to the calculation of Aggregate Availability, at all times during the Pro Forma Period (Payment Conditions), after giving effect to such transaction, the occurrence of such event, or payment and any incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness in connection therewith, either clause (A) or (B) below is satisfied: 
 (A) Aggregate Availability is greater than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level V); provided that, with respect to any Permitted Acquisition, Aggregate Availability is greater than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level IV), or 

(B) (I) Aggregate Availability is greater than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level III) provided that, with respect to any Permitted Acquisition, Aggregate Availability is greater than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level II)), and (II) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the most recently ended four fiscal quarter period for which financial statements have been (or were required to be) delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) is at least 1.1 to 1.0 ; 

provided that, in each case, the Borrower Representative shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an updated Borrowing Base Certificate, a reasonably detailed calculation of such Aggregate Availability and projections for the Pro Forma Period (Payment Conditions) with respect thereto, and, if applicable, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. 
 Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.07(c). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in a transaction that satisfies each of the following requirements: 
 (iiii) such Acquisition is not a hostile or contested acquisition; 

43 

(jjjj) the business acquired in connection with such Acquisition is not engaged, directly or indirectly, in any line of business other than the businesses in which the Loan Parties are engaged on the Effective Date and any business activities that are reasonably similar, related, complementary or incidental thereto so long as the core business of the Loan Parties on the Effective Date, after giving effect to such Acquisition, does not change in any material way; 

(kkkk) both before and after giving effect to such Acquisition and the Loans (if any) requested to be made in connection therewith, each of the representations and warranties in the Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects (except (i) that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, and any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects and (ii) to the extent the Administrative Agent has been notified in writing by the Loan Parties that any representation or warranty is not correct and the Administrative Agent has explicitly waived in writing compliance with such representation or warranty) and no Default exists, will exist, or would result therefrom; 

(llll) other than with respect to Immaterial Acquisitions (as defined in clause (m) below) as soon as available, but not less than 15 days prior to such Acquisition (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree), the Borrower Representative has provided the Administrative Agent (i) notice of such Acquisition and (ii) a copy of all business and financial information reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent; 

(mmmm) if the Accounts, Credit Card Accounts or Inventory acquired in connection with such Acquisition are proposed to be included in the determination of any Borrowing Base, the Administrative Agent shall have conducted an audit and field examination or appraisal of such Accounts, Credit Card Accounts and Inventory, the results of which shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

(nnnn) if such Acquisition is an acquisition of the Equity Interests of a Person organized under the laws of a jurisdiction in the U.S., such Acquisition is structured so that the acquired Person shall become a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary of a Borrower and a Loan Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, except to the extent such acquired Person shall be properly designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 5.15 or except to the extent otherwise acceptable to the Administrative Agent; 

(oooo) if such Acquisition is an acquisition of Equity Interests, such Acquisition will not result in any violation of Regulation U; 

(pppp) if such Acquisition involves a merger, amalgamation or a consolidation involving a Borrower or any other Loan Party, such Borrower or such Loan Party, as applicable, shall be the surviving entity; 

(qqqq) neither any Loan Party nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall, as a result of or in connection with any such Acquisition, assume or incur any direct or contingent liabilities (whether relating to environmental, tax, litigation, pension or other matters) that could be reasonably expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect other than those otherwise permitted to exist hereunder; 

(rrrr) in connection with an Acquisition of the Equity Interests of any Person organized under the laws of a jurisdiction of the U.S. or Canada (or a province or territory thereof) or an Acquisition of the assets of any Person, all Liens on such assets shall be terminated, except to the extent otherwise permitted to exist pursuant to this Agreement; 

44 

(ssss) all actions required to be taken with respect to any newly acquired or formed wholly-owned Subsidiary of a Borrower or a Loan Party, as applicable, required under Section 5.14 shall have been taken; 

(tttt) the Borrower Representative shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent the final executed material documentation relating to such Acquisition within 15 days following the consummation thereof; and 

(uuuu) either (i) the Loan Parties shall have satisfied the Payment Conditions before and immediately after giving effect to such Acquisition, or (ii) the total consideration paid or payable (including, without limitation, any earn-outs (calculated, for purposes of this definition only, at the time of incurrence as the aggregate amount reasonably expected to be paid by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in connection with such earn-out, as determined by such Loan Party in its reasonable business judgment)) with respect to, and all Indebtedness and other direct or contingent liabilities (whether relating to environmental, tax, litigation, pension or other matters) assumed in connection with, such Acquisition and series of related transactions shall not exceed with respect to any such Acquisition and series of related transactions, 10,000,000 and 20,000,000 with respect to all such Acquisitions and series of related transactions in the aggregate (Acquisitions described in this clause (m)(ii), Immaterial Acquisitions ), and at least five (5) Business Days prior to the closing of any such Immaterial Acquisition, the Borrower Representative shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a description of any Indebtedness and other direct or contingent liabilities to be assumed in connection with such Immaterial Acquisition. 

Permitted Discretion means a determination made in good faith and in the exercise of reasonable (from the perspective of a secured asset-based lender) business judgment. 
 Permitted Encumbrances means: 
 (vvvv) (i) Liens imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04 and (ii) Liens securing an aggregate amount not to exceed 5,000,000 imposed by law for Taxes due and which are not being contested in compliance with Section 5.04; provided that, if the Administrative Agent delivers written notice of any such Lien to a Loan Party, the Loan Parties shall cause such underlying Tax obligations to be paid in full within 90 days of the delivery of such notice (or such shorter time specified by the Administrative Agent (in its reasonable discretion) in respect of any Canadian Loan Party) and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Lien to be released; 

(wwww) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by law (other than any Lien for Taxes or imposed under ERISA), arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04; 

(xxxx) pledges and deposits made (i) in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, workplace safety, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations (other than any Lien for Taxes or imposed under ERISA or applicable law relating to Canadian Pension Plans), and (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments issued for the account of the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business supporting obligations of the type set forth in clause (i) above; 

(yyyy) deposits and pledges to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case under this clause (d) in the ordinary course of business; 

45 

(zzzz) judgment Liens (other than for the payment of Taxes) in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Article VII and that remain at all times junior to Administrative Agent s Liens; 

(aaaaa) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way, site plan agreements, development agreements, cross-easement or reciprocal agreements, and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of any Borrower or any Subsidiary or the ordinary operation of such real property or (ii) title defects or irregularities with respect to Real Estate which are of a minor nature and which in the aggregate do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of any Borrower or any Subsidiary or the ordinary operation of such real property; 

(bbbbb) Liens arising from precautionary UCC or PPSA financing statement filings (or similar filings under applicable law) regarding true operating leases in the ordinary course of business or, to the extent permitted under the Loan Documents, the consignment of goods to a Loan Party; 

(ccccc) non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses of intellectual property granted to other Persons in the ordinary course of business which could not materially interfere with the business of any Loan Party, secure any Indebtedness for borrowed money (provided that the foregoing reference to Indebtedness for borrowed money shall not be applicable to the extent otherwise permitted hereunder in respect of non-U.S. Restricted Subsidiaries) or interfere in any respect with the Administrative Agent s rights under any intellectual property rights use agreement; 

(ddddd) any interest or title of a lessor or sublessor under any lease or sublease of Real Estate entered into in the ordinary course of business, so long as such interest or title relate solely to the Real Estate subject thereto and without hindering or obstructing the effect of any lien waiver or access rights; 

(eeeee) Liens arising in the ordinary course of business in favor of customs brokers, custom and forwarding agents and similar Persons in respect of imported goods and merchandise in the custody of such Persons; 

(fffff) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business; 

(ggggg) Liens or rights of setoff (other than as waived under any contractual agreement or Control Agreement with the Administrative Agent) against credit balances of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary with credit card issuers or credit card processors to secure obligations of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, to any such credit card issuer or credit card processor incurred in the ordinary course of business as a result of fees and chargebacks; 

(hhhhh) Bankers liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens in the ordinary course of business in favor of a bank or institution with which accounts or deposits are maintained, liens in favor of collecting banks arising under the UCC or the PPSA (or similar statutes or equivalents thereof under foreign jurisdictions) in the ordinary course of business, and other Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (other than as waived under any contractual agreement or Control Agreement with the Administrative Agent); 

(iiiii) possessory Liens in favor of brokers and dealers arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Investments owned as of the Effective Date and Cash Equivalents (other than as waived under any contractual agreement or Control Agreement with the Administrative Agent), provided that such liens (i) attach only to such Investments and (ii) secure only obligations incurred in the ordinary course and 

46 

arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of such Investments and not any obligation in connection with margin financing; 

(jjjjj) statutory or contractual Liens of landlords and lessors in respect of rent not past due more than 60 days unless being contested in good faith pursuant to the provisions of Section 5.04 hereof, and customary restrictions on subletting and assignments thereof; and 

(kkkkk) deposits in connection with sweepstakes offerings conducted in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice; 

provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. 
 Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness means Indebtedness in the form of term loans; provided that (a) immediately before and after the issuance or incurrence thereof, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (b) if guaranteed, such Indebtedness shall not be guaranteed by any Person other than the Loan Parties; (c) if such Indebtedness is secured, the Administrative Agent and a representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have entered into a Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement; (d) the Collateral hereunder and the collateral securing such Indebtedness shall be substantially identical, with the priorities therefor set forth in the Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement; (e) such Indebtedness does not have a scheduled maturity date prior to the date that is six (6) months after the final Maturity Date and does not contain scheduled payments (other than customary excess cash flow payments) in any year in excess of 5 of the original principal amount of such Indebtedness; (f) the Secured Leverage Ratio before and, on a Pro Forma Basis, after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness does not exceed 1.50 to 1.00; (g) the Borrowers will be in compliance, on a Pro Forma Basis, with the covenant contained in Section 6.12 after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness (whether or not such financial covenant is required to be tested in accordance with the terms of Section 6.12); (h) the Payment Conditions are satisfied before and after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness; and (i) the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer, including reasonably detailed calculations, demonstrating compliance with the conditions above. 
 Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement means any intercreditor agreement, by and among the Administrative Agent and the collateral agents or other representatives for the holders of Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness, and acknowledged by the Loan Parties, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, unlimited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Platform means Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system. 
 PPSA means the Personal Property Security Act (Ontario) and the regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect; or such other applicable legislation in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction in Canada (including the Civil Code of Quebec) for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority. 
 	 47 

Prepayment Event means: 
 (lllll) any sale, transfer or other disposition (including pursuant to a sale and leaseback transaction) of any Collateral by any Loan Party, other than dispositions described in Section 6.05(a) or (c); or 

(mmmmm) any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any Collateral with a fair value immediately prior to such event equal to or greater than 5,000,000 

, unless the proceeds therefrom are required by the terms of any Intercreditor Agreement to be paid to the holder of a Lien on such property or asset having priority over the Lien of the Administrative Agent. 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Priority Payable Reserve means reserves for amounts payable by a Canadian Loan Party and secured by any Liens, choate or inchoate, which rank or which could reasonably be expected to rank in priority to or pari passu with the Administrative Agent s Liens and/or for amounts which represent costs in connection with the preservation, protection, collection or realization of Collateral, including, without limitation, any such amounts due and not paid for wages, vacation pay, severance pay, amounts payable under the Wage Earner Protection Program Act (Canada), amounts due and not paid under any legislation relating to workers compensation or to employment insurance, all amounts deducted or withheld and not paid and remitted when due under the ITA, sales tax, goods and services tax, value added tax, harmonized tax, excise tax, tax payable pursuant to Part IX of the Excise Tax Act (Canada) or similar applicable provincial legislation, government royalties, amounts currently or past due and not paid for realty, municipal or similar taxes and all amounts currently or past due and not contributed, remitted or paid to any hereafter adopted Canadian Pension Plan or under the Canada Pension Plan maintained by the Government of Canada and the Quebec Pension Plan maintained by the Province of Quebec, or otherwise as required to be contributed pursuant to any applicable law relating to any hereafter adopted Canadian Pension Plans, including the amount of any solvency deficiency or wind up deficiency with respect to any hereafter adopted Canadian Defined Benefit Plan that has been identified in its most recent actuarial valuation report, which could become subject to a trust, deemed trust or statutory lien, or any similar statutory or other claims that would have or would reasonably be expected to have priority over or be pari passu with any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent now or in the future. 
 Pro Forma Basis means, with respect to any computation hereunder expressly required to be made on a pro forma basis, computation thereof after giving pro forma effect to adjustments in connection with such Pro Forma Events in accordance with Section 1.05, in each case, using, for purposes of making such computation, the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries (and, to the extent applicable, the historical financial statements of any entities or assets so acquired or to be acquired, or so disposed or to be disposed), which shall be reformulated as if such Pro Forma Event (and, in the case of any pro forma computations made hereunder to determine whether such Pro Forma Event is permitted to be consummated hereunder, to any other Pro Forma Event consummated since the first day of the period covered by any component of such pro forma computation and on or prior to the date of such computation), and any Indebtedness or other liabilities incurred in connection with any such Pro Forma Event, had been 
 	 48 

consummated and incurred at the beginning of such period. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Swap Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness if such Swap Agreement has a remaining term in excess of 12 months). 
 Pro Forma Event means any event that requires satisfaction of the Payment Conditions for such event to be permitted under this Agreement. 
 Pro Forma Period (Payment Conditions) means the 90 -day period immediately prior to the date of the applicable transaction, event, or payment made or occurring in reliance on the satisfaction of the Payment Conditions. 
 Proceeds of Crime Act means the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), as amended from time to time, and including all regulations thereunder. 
 Projections has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01(f). 
 Protective Advance has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.04. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public-Sider means a Lender whose representatives may trade in securities of the Company or its controlling Person or any of its Subsidiaries while in possession of the financial statements provided by the Company under the terms of this Agreement. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.25. 
 Qualified Counterparties means the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Affiliate of a Lender (provided that any issuer under a Specified L/C Facility who was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender shall continue to be a Qualified Counterparty for a period of 90 days following the termination of their capacity under this Agreement as a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender solely in respect of Specified L/C Obligations outstanding on the date such capacity hereunder ceased). 
 Qualified ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that has total assets exceeding 10 , 000 , 000 at the time the relevant Loan Guaranty or grant of the relevant security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other person as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a( 18 (A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Real Estate shall mean all real property owned or leased by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Recipient means, as applicable, (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, or any combination thereof (as the context requires). 
 	 49 

Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is EURIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (3) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then four Business Days prior to such setting, (4) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four Business Days prior to such setting or (5) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate or SONIA the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Refinance Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(f). 
 Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, partners, members, trustees, employees, agents, administrators, managers, representatives and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Release means any releasing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, migrating, disposing or dumping of any Hazardous Material into the environment. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, as applicable, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto, (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Swiss Francs, the Swiss National Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Swiss National Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, and (v) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or (iii) with respect to any Borrowing denominated in Sterling or Dollars, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, as applicable. 
 Relevant Screen Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, as applicable. 
 	 50 

Rent Liability means, as of any date, the result of eight 8 multiplied by the aggregate Rentals for the most recently ended 12 consecutive month period, calculated on a consolidated basis for the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period in accordance with GAAP. 
 Rentals means, for any period, the aggregate fixed amounts payable under any operating leases, calculated on a consolidated basis for the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period in accordance with GAAP. 
 Report means reports prepared by the Administrative Agent or another Person showing the results of appraisals, field examinations or audits pertaining to the assets of the Loan Parties from information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrowers, after the Administrative Agent has exercised its rights of inspection pursuant to this Agreement, which Reports may be distributed to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent. 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) having Revolving Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the Aggregate Credit Exposure and unused Commitments at such time. 
 Requirement of Law means, with respect to any Person, (a) the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person and (b) any statute, law (including common law), treaty, rule, regulation, code, ordinance, order, decree, writ, judgment, injunction or determination of any arbitrator or court or other Governmental Authority (including Environmental Laws), in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 Reserves means (a) without duplication of any other Reserves or items that are otherwise addressed through eligibility criteria, any reserves which the Administrative Agent deems necessary, in its Permitted Discretion, to maintain (including, without limitation, (i) to reflect impediments to the Administrative Agent s ability to realize upon the Collateral, (ii) to reflect claims and liabilities that the Administrative Agent determines will need to be satisfied in connection with the realization upon the Collateral or (iii) to reflect criteria, events, conditions, contingencies or risks which adversely affect any component of any Borrowing Base, or the assets, business, financial performance or financial condition of any Loan Party, including, for example, reserves for accrued and unpaid interest on the Obligations, gift card reserves, reserves for rent at locations leased by any Borrower, reserves for loyalty programs, reserves for consignee s, warehousemen s, mortgagee s and bailee s charges, reserves for dilution of Accounts or Credit Card Accounts, reserves for Inventory shrinkage, reserves for layaway deposits, reserves for customs charges and shipping charges and other foreign landing costs related to any Inventory in transit, reserves for expenses associated with merchandise repurpose processing, reserves for contingent liabilities of any Loan Party, reserves for uninsured losses of any Loan Party, reserves for uninsured, underinsured, un-indemnified or under-indemnified liabilities or potential liabilities with respect to any litigation and reserves for taxes, fees, assessments, and other governmental charges) with respect to the Collateral or any Loan Party, (b) Banking Services/Swap Reserves, and (c) the Priority Payable Reserve; provided that, the Priority Payable Reserve shall only apply (if at all) to the Canadian Borrowing Base and (d) the Tax Credit Transaction Reserve . The Administrative Agent may, in its Permitted Discretion and with no less than four (4) Business Days prior written notice to the Borrower Representative (other than during a Dominion Period in which case notice shall not be required), adjust Reserves, provided that, if after the delivery of such notice the Borrower Representative notifies the Administrative Agent that it desires to discuss the Reserves described therein, then the Administrative Agent will discuss such Reserves with the Borrower Representative, provided that nothing in this proviso shall obligate the Administrative Agent to eliminate, reduce, or delay any such Reserves. 
 	 51 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, any vice president, any Financial Officer, or any corporate secretary. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party in their capacity as an officer of such Loan Party and not in any individual capacity. 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests in the Company or Restricted Subsidiary or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests in the Company or Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, Sterling, Euros or any Alternative Currency, each of the following: (i) each date of a Borrowing, (ii) each date of a continuation of such Loan pursuant to Section 2.08, (iii) the date any Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered, and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require, and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit denominated in any LC Designated Currency, each of the following: (i) each date of issuance of such Letter of Credit, (ii) each date of an amendment of such Letter of Credit having the effect of increasing the amount thereof (solely with respect to the increased amount), (iii) each date of any payment by the applicable Issuing Bank under such Letter of Credit, (iv) the date any Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered and (v) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. 
 Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans, its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure at such time, plus (b) an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Overadvances and Protective Advances outstanding at such time. 
 Revolving Exposure Limitations means the U.S. Revolving Exposure Limitations and/or the Canadian Revolving Exposure Limitations, as the context requires. 
 Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01 . 
 RFR means, for any RFR Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, SONIA, and (b) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. 
 RFR Administrator means the SONIA Administrator or the SOFR Administrator. 
 RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 RFR Business Day means, for any Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London, and (b) Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 	 52 

RFR Interest Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . 
 RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. For the avoidance of doubt, RFR Loans denominated in Dollars in Daily Simple SOFR shall only be available under circumstances described in Section 2.14. 
 S P means Standard Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC business. 
 Sale and Leaseback Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.06. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself, or whose government is, the subject or target of any Sanctions (as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba (except as regards a Canadian Loan Party), Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any European Union member state, Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person that constitutes a Canadian Blocked Person, (c) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (d) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a), (b) or (c) or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. 
 Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any European Union member state or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority or (c) the Government of Canada, including pursuant to Canadian Economic Sanctions and Export Control Laws. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the U.S. 
 Secured Inventory Intercreditor Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Secured Inventory Liens. 
 Secured Inventory Liens means Liens in favor of consignors of inventory and proceeds (other than Accounts or Credit Card Accounts) thereof consigned by such consignors to a Borrower or a Subsidiary of a Borrower, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business and with prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent may, to the extent such Secured Inventory Liens encumber Collateral with a value in excess of 2,500,000 individually or in the aggregate, at the Administrative Agent s sole discretion, be conditioned upon the execution of an intercreditor agreement between the consignor and the Administrative Agent (such an intercreditor agreement, a Secured Inventory Intercreditor Agreement ). 
 Secured Leverage Ratio means, at any date, the ratio of (a) Total Funded Indebtedness on such date that is secured by a Lien on the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to (b) EBITDA for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ended on such date (or, if such date is not the last day of a fiscal quarter, ended on the last day of the fiscal quarter most recently ended prior to such date). 
 	 53 

Secured Obligations means all Obligations, together with all (a) Banking Services Obligations of the Borrowers or any Subsidiary of a Borrower; and (b) Swap Agreement Obligations of a Borrower or any Subsidiary of a Borrower; provided that Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Loan Party shall not be Secured Obligations of such Loan Party; provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, Specified L/C Obligations constituting Banking Services Obligations shall not constitute Secured Obligations following such time as the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under any Loan Document (other than contingent or indemnity obligations for which no claim has been made) shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or have been Cash Collateralized pursuant to the terms hereof or terminated, in each case without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed. 
 Secured Parties means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) the Lenders, (c) each Issuing Bank, (d) Qualified Counterparties to whom any Banking Services Obligations are owing, (e) Qualified Counterparties to whom Swap Agreement Obligations constituting Secured Obligations hereunder are owing, (f) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document, and (g) the successors and assigns of each of the foregoing. 
 Security Agreements collectively, (a) the U.S. Security Agreement, (b) the Canadian Security Agreements, and (c) as the context requires, any other pledge or security agreement entered into, after the Effective Date by any other Loan Party (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document), or any other Person, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Settlement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(d). 
 Settlement Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(d). 
 SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 	 54 

SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 
 Specified L/C Facility means (a) that certain Master Commercial Letter of Credit Agreement dated as of June 29, 2015 issued by the Company in favor of Bank of America, N.A. (as amended restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time as permitted hereunder) and (b) that certain Commercial Letter of Credit Agreement dated as of July 1, 2015 among the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (as amended restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time as permitted hereunder), in each case, so long as the issuing bank thereunder is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender hereunder (and, if such issuer ceases to be a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender hereunder, for a period of 90 days following the termination of its capacity under this Agreement as a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Specified L/C Obligations means all obligations and liabilities of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary under any Specified L/C Facility with respect to commercial letters of credit issued thereunder. 
 Standby LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Dollar Amount of all standby Letters of Credit outstanding at such time plus (b) the aggregate Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements relating to standby Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrowers at such time. The Standby LC Exposure of an Issuing Bank (in its capacity as such) shall be the Standby Exposure in respect of standby Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. The Standby LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate Standby LC Exposure at such time. 
 Statements has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(g). 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities such Regulation D of the Board) or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to such Regulation D of the Board. Term Benchmark Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under such Regulation D of the Board or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
 Sterling or means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 Subordinated Indebtedness of a Person means any Indebtedness of such Person the payment of which is subordinated to payment of the Secured Obligations to the written satisfaction of the Administrative Agent. 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability 
 	 55 

company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 
 Subsidiary means any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company or a Loan Party, as applicable. 
 Subsidiary Borrowers means, collectively, the U.S. Subsidiary Borrowers and the Canadian Subsidiary Borrowers, and Subsidiary Borrower means any of them. 
 Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.25. 
 Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, spot, future, credit default or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrowers or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. 
 Swap Agreement Obligations means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any and all Swap Agreements permitted hereunder with a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, and (b) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any such Swap Agreement transaction. 
 Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a( 47 of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 Swingline Lender means JPMCB, in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. Any consent required of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to be required of the Swingline Lender and any consent given by JPMCB in its capacity as Administrative Agent or Issuing Bank shall be deemed given by JPMCB in its capacity as Swingline Lender. 
 Swingline Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(a). 
 TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. 
 TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 	 56 

Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Tax Credit Transaction means the transactions contemplated by the Tax Credit Transaction Documents pursuant to which URBN US Retail LLC shall purchase certain membership interest in ESG LIHTC Partners I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, in order to obtain federal low-income housing tax credit available under Section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Tax Credit Transaction Documents means the Tax Credit Transaction Purchase Agreement, the Tax Credit Transaction Security Agreement and all agreements, documents and instruments executed and/or delivered pursuant thereto or in connection therewith, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Tax Credit Transaction Liens means the Liens granted by URBN US Retail LLC in favor of Citibank, N.A. in and to the Collateral (as defined in the Tax Credit Transaction Security Agreement as in effect on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date) pursuant to the Tax Credit Transaction Security Agreement which secure the performance of the URBN US Retail LLC s obligations under the Tax Credit Transaction Purchase Agreement; provided that Tax Credit Transaction Liens shall not attach to, or otherwise encumber, any Credit Card Accounts, other Accounts (other than Accounts that constitute the proceeds of Collateral (as defined in the Tax Credit Transaction Security Agreement as in effect on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date)) or Inventory. 
 Tax Credit Transaction Purchase Agreement means that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2023, by and among Citibank N.A., as seller, URBN US Retail LLC, as buyer, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Tax Credit Transaction Reserve means, as of any date of determination, a reserve established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion in respect of amounts that are payable or are reasonably likely to become payable in the next twelve months, by any Loan Party under the Tax Credit Transaction, including the quarterly installment payments thereunder. 
 Tax Credit Transaction Security Agreement means that certain Security and Assignment Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2023, by the URBN US Retail LLC in favor of Citibank, N.A., as secured party. 
 Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Term EURIBOR Rate. 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 	 57 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Third Amendment Effective Date means June 10, 2022. 
 Total Assets means, at any date of determination, the consolidated total assets of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Company for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) as adjusted to give effect to any Pro Forma Event occurring since such date. 
 Total Funded Indebtedness means, as of any date, with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis, without duplication (a) all obligations of such Persons for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Persons evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Persons upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) the aggregate amount of Capital Lease Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Liability of such Persons outstanding as of such date, (e) the aggregate obligations of such Persons as an account party in respect of letters of credit or letters of guaranty, other than contingent obligations in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty to the extent such letter of credit or letter of guaranty does not support Indebtedness, (f) all obligations of such Persons with respect to Disqualified Stock and (g) without duplication, all Guarantees of any of the foregoing. For purposes of this definition, interest paid-in-kind or capitalized (including accreted amounts thereon) shall be deemed Total Funded Indebtedness. 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Treaty on the European Union means the Treaty of Rome of March 25, 1957, as amended by the Single European Act 1986 and the Maastricht Treaty (signed February 7, 1992), as amended from time to time. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, the CDOR Screen Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, the Alternate Base Rate or the Canadian Prime Rate. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or in any other state the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the issue of perfection of security interests. 
 UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) 
 	 58 

promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Unfinanced Capital Expenditures means, for any period, Capital Expenditures made during such period (excluding replacement Capital Expenditures made (x) with the proceeds of insurance or (y) in anticipation of the receipt of insurance proceeds based on the good faith reasonable belief of the Company as confirmed in writing to the Administrative Agent in advance of inclusion or exclusion of capital expenditures in any calculation provided for herein (an Insurance Anticipation Capital Expenditure ), to the extent that the anticipated insurance proceeds are actually received within 270 days after the date of such Insurance Anticipation Capital Expenditure, and otherwise the amount of such Insurance Anticipation Capital Expenditure (if no insurance proceeds are timely received) or the excess of such Insurance Anticipation Capital Expenditure (if insurance proceeds are timely received but in an amount less than such Insurance Anticipation Capital Expenditure) over the related insurance proceeds received shall be deemed to be part of the unfinanced portion of Capital Expenditures in the fiscal quarter in which such 270-day period expires) which are not financed from the proceeds of any Indebtedness (other than the Revolving Loans; it being understood and agreed that, to the extent any Capital Expenditures are financed with Revolving Loans, such Capital Expenditures shall be deemed Unfinanced Capital Expenditures). 
 Unliquidated Obligations means, at any time, any Secured Obligations (or portion thereof) that are contingent in nature or unliquidated at such time, including any Secured Obligation that is: (i) an obligation to reimburse a bank for drawings not yet made under a letter of credit issued by it; (ii) any other obligation (including any guarantee) that is contingent in nature at such time; or (iii) an obligation to provide collateral to secure any of the foregoing types of obligations. 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company that is identified as an Unrestricted Subsidiary on Schedule 3.15 as of the Effective Date and any other Subsidiary designated by the Company as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 5.15 subsequent to the Third Amendment Effective Date; provided that no Subsidiary may be, or may be designated as, an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless (a) it is a CFC or CFC Holdco or (b) it does not have any material liabilities, does not own any assets with a book value of more than 5,000,000 in the aggregate (and the aggregate book value of the assets of all Unrestricted Subsidiaries shall not exceed 10,000,000), it is not obligated or liable, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, in respect of any Indebtedness in any material amount, and none of its assets are included in the calculation of any Borrowing Base immediately prior to such Subsidiary s being designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Urban UK L/C means that certain HM Revenues and Customs Deferment Guarantee commencing on January 5, 1998, with the approval number of 8823295, issued by Wells Fargo or any Affiliate thereof or successor thereto, as Guarantor, in favor of Urban Outfitters UK Ltd., as Applicant, in the amount of, as of Effective Date, 2,000,000, as such amount may be reduced or increased from time to time after the Effective Date. 
 URBN Canada means URBN Canada Retail, Inc., a corporation incorporated pursuant to the laws of British Columbia. 
 U.S. means the United States of America. 
 	 59 

U.S. Availability means, at any time, an amount equal to the lowest of (a) the result of (i) the U.S. Borrowing Base minus (ii) the sum of (x) the Aggregate U.S. Credit Exposure, and (y) the positive amount, if any, by which (1) the Aggregate Canadian Credit Exposure exceeds (2) the Canadian Borrowing Base; and (b) the result of (i) the Aggregate Commitment minus (ii) the Aggregate Credit Exposure (calculated, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Borrowings), all as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 U.S. Borrowing Base means, at any time, the sum of: 
 (nnnnn) the product of (i) 85 multiplied by (ii) the Eligible Trade Accounts of the Borrowers at such time, plus 

(ooooo) the product of (i) 90 multiplied by (ii) the Eligible Credit Card Accounts of the Borrowers at such time, plus 

(ppppp) the product of the Inventory Advance Percentage multiplied by the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage identified in the most recent inventory appraisal ordered and received by the Administrative Agent multiplied by the Borrowers Eligible Inventory at such time, valued at the lower of cost or market value, determined utilizing the retail method or such other method approved in writing by the Administrative Agent (the amount resulting from the foregoing calculation, the Inventory Availability ), plus 

(qqqqq) the product of the Inventory Advance Percentage multiplied by the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage identified in the most recent inventory appraisal ordered and received by the Administrative Agent multiplied by the U.S. Borrowers Eligible In-Transit Inventory at such time, valued at the lower of cost or market value, determined utilizing the retail method or such other method approved in writing by the Administrative Agent; provided that the dollar amount included under this clause (d) shall not (i) at any time prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion), exceed an amount equal to twenty percent (20 ), and (ii) at any time thereafter, exceed an amount equal to ten percent (10 ), in each case, of Inventory Availability, minus 

(rrrrr) Reserves. 

Subject to the provisions set forth in this Agreement expressly permitting the Administrative Agent to adjust Reserves, the U.S. Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(g) (or, prior to the first such delivery, delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 4.01(o)). After an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, in its Permitted Discretion, reduce the advance rates set forth above or reduce one or more of the other elements used in computing the U.S. Borrowing Base. 
 U.S. Borrowers means, each of, and collectively, the Company, the other U.S. Borrowers signatory to this Agreement, and any other U.S. Person that joins this Agreement as a U.S. Borrower in accordance with the terms hereof, and U.S. Borrower means any of them. 
 U.S. Collateral Documents means, collectively, the U.S. Security Agreement and any other documents pursuant to which a U.S. Loan Party grants a Lien upon any real or personal property as security for payment of the Secured Obligations, including, without limitation, all other security agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, loan agreements, notes, guarantees, subordination agreements, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, fee letters, notices, leases, financing 
 	 60 

statements and all other written matter whether theretofore, now or hereafter executed by any U.S. Loan Party and delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 U.S. Dollar or means the lawful money of the United States of America. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Guarantor means each Domestic Subsidiary of a Borrower that is listed on the signature pages hereto as a Guarantor or that becomes a party hereto as a Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.14, in each case, until such Subsidiary s Loan Guaranty is released in accordance herewith. 
 U.S. Lender means a Lender with a Revolving Commitment to the U.S. Borrowers. 
 U.S. Loan Parties means, collectively, the U.S. Borrowers and the U.S. Guarantors and any other Person who becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and their respective successors and assigns, and the term Loan Party shall mean any one of them or all of them individually, as the context may require. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)( 30 of the Code. 
 U.S. Revolving Exposure Limitations shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01. 
 U.S. Security Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated U.S. Pledge and Security Agreement (including any and all supplements thereto), dated as of the Effective Date, among the U.S. Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, and any other pledge or security agreement entered into, after the date of this Agreement by any other U.S. Loan Party (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document) or any other Person for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.25. 
 U.S. Subsidiary Borrowers means, collectively (i) each Domestic Subsidiary of the Company that is a party to this Agreement as a U.S. Borrower on the Effective Date and (ii) each Domestic Subsidiary of the Company that becomes a party to this Agreement as a U.S. Borrower following the Effective Date pursuant to Section 5.14, in each case, until such time as such Domestic Subsidiary is released from its obligations under the Loan Documents in accordance with this Agreement. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3). 
 USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001. 
 Wells Fargo means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and Wells Fargo Bank NA, London Branch, as applicable. 
 	 61 

Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers . 
 Section 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Loan or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Loan a CDOR Loan or an RFR Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Borrowing or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Borrowing , a CDOR Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing ). 

Section 1.03 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding mascu line, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply) and all applicable judgments, orders and decrees of all Governmental Authorities. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignments set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (f) any reference in any definition to the phrase at any time or for any period shall refer to the same time or period for all calculations or determinations within such definition, (g) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights and (h) the phrase ordinary course of business shall refer to the ordinary course of the Company s business. For purposes of any Collateral located in the Province of Quebec or charged by any deed of hypothec (or any other Loan Document) and for all other purposes pursuant to which the interpretation or construction of a Loan Document may be subject to the laws of the Province of Quebec or a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in the Province of Quebec, (i) personal property shall be deemed to include movable property , (ii) real property shall be deemed to include immovable property , (iii) tangible property shall be deemed to 

62 

include corporeal property , (iv) intangible property shall be deemed to include incorporeal property , (v) security interest , mortgage and lien shall be deemed to include a hypothec , prior claim and a resolutory clause , (vi) all references to filing, registering or recording under the UCC or the PPSA shall be deemed to include publication under the Civil Code of Quebec, (vii) all references to perfection of or perfected Liens shall be deemed to include a reference to an opposable or set up Liens as against third parties, (viii) any right of offset , right of setoff or similar expression shall be deemed to include a right of compensation , (ix) goods shall be deemed to include corporeal movable property other than chattel paper, documents of title, instruments, money and securities, (x) an agent shall be deemed to include a mandatary , (xi) construction liens shall be deemed to include legal hypothecs , (xii) joint and several shall be deemed to include solidary , (xiii) gross negligence or willful misconduct shall be deemed to be intentional or gross fault , (xiv) beneficial ownership shall be deemed to include ownership on behalf of another as mandatory , (xv) easement shall be deemed to include servitude , (xvi) priority shall be deemed to include prior claim , (xvii) survey shall be deemed to include certificate of location and plan , (xviii) a land surveyor shall be deemed to include an arpenteur-g om tre (xix) fee simple title shall be deemed to include absolute ownership and (xx) foreclosure shall be deemed to include the enforcement of a hypothecary recourse . The parties hereto confirm that it is their wish that this Agreement and any other document executed in connection with the transactions contemplated herein be drawn up in the English language only and that all other documents contemplated thereunder or relating thereto, including notices, may also be drawn up in the English language only. Les parties aux pr sentes confirment que c est leur volont que cette convention et les autres documents de cr dit soient r dig s en langue anglaise seulement et que tous les documents, y compris tous avis, envisag s par cette convention et les autres documents peuvent tre r dig s en la langue anglaise seulement. 

Section 1.04 Accounting Terms; GAAP . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if after the date hereof there occurs any change in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of any provision hereof and the Borrower Representative notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrowers request an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of such change in GAAP or in the application thereof (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower Representative that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith, and the Borrower Representative, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to negotiate in good faith with respect to any proposed amendment to eliminate or adjust for the effect of any such change. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving effect to any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 - 10 - 25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein, (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 470 - 20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof, and (iii) without giving effect to any change in GAAP occurring after the Effective Date as a result of the adoption of any proposals set forth in the Proposed Accounting Standards Update, Leases (Topic 840), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on August 17, 2010, or any other proposals issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in connection therewith, in each case if such change would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement 

63 

conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) was not required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on the Effective Date. 

Section 1.05 Pro Forma Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions . To the extent any Borrower or any Subsidiary makes any Acquisition permitted pursuant to Section 6.04 or disposition of assets outside the ordinary course of business permitted by Section 6.05 during the period of four (4) fiscal quarters of the Borrowers most recently ended, each of the Secured Leverage Ratio, and the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, if required to be calculated herein, shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable to such Acquisition or disposition, are factually supportable and are expected to have a continuing impact, in each case as determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as interpreted by the SEC, and as certified by a Financial Officer of the Company), as if such Acquisition or such disposition (and any related incurrence, repayment or assumption of Indebtedness) had occurred in the first day of such four-quarter period. 

Section 1.06 Status of Obligations . In the event that any Borrower or any other Loan Party shall at any time issue or have outstanding any Subordinated Indebtedness, such Borrower shall take or cause such other Loan Party to take all such actions as shall be necessary to cause the Secured Obligations to constitute senior indebtedness (however denominated) in respect of such Subordinated Indebtedness and to enable the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. Without limiting the foregoing, the Secured Obligations are hereby designated as senior indebtedness and as designated senior indebtedness and words of similar import under and in respect of any indenture or other agreement or instrument under which such Subordinated Indebtedness is outstanding and are further given all such other designations as shall be required under the terms of any such Subordinated Indebtedness in order that the Lenders may have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. 

Section 1.07 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents . 

(a) Without limiting the other terms of this Agreement, the calculations and determinations under this Agreement of any amount in any currency other than U.S. Dollars shall be deemed to refer to the Dollar Amount thereof, as the case may be, and all Borrowing Base Certificates delivered under this Agreement shall express such calculations or determinations in U.S. Dollars or the Dollar Amount thereof, as the case may be. 

(b) For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the Dollar Amount of the Canadian Borrowing Base and of any Borrowings, Loans, Letters of Credit and other Obligations shall be determined in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in respect of the most recent Revaluation Date. Such Dollar Amount shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date for the Canadian Borrowing Base and for such Borrowings, Loans, Letters of Credit and other Obligations and shall be the Dollar Amount employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies until the next Revaluation Date to occur for the Canadian Borrowing Base and for such Borrowings, Loans, Letters of Credit and other Obligations. 

Section 1.08 Interest Rates; Benchmark Notifications . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in dollars or an Alternative Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.14(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and 

64 

shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrowers, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

Section 1.09 Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any Division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 

Article II The Credits 

Section 2.01 Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, 

(a) each U.S. Lender severally agrees, from time to time during the Availability Period, to make Revolving Loans to the U.S. Borrowers in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in: 

(i) such U.S. Lender s U.S. Revolving Exposure exceeding such U.S. Lender s Commitment; 

(ii) U.S. Availability being less than zero; 

(iii) Aggregate Availability being less than zero; or 

(iv) the Aggregate Credit Exposure denominated in currencies other than U.S. Dollars exceeding the Foreign Currency Sublimit; 

(b) each Canadian Lender severally agrees, from time to time during the Availability Period, to make Revolving Loans to the Canadian Borrowers in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in: 

(i) such Canadian Lender s Canadian Revolving Exposure exceeding such Canadian Lender s Commitment; 

(ii) Canadian Availably being less than zero; or 

65 

(iii) Aggregate Availability being less than zero; 

subject, in each case, to the Administrative Agent s authority, in its sole discretion, to make Protective Advances and Overadvances pursuant to the terms of Section 2.04 and Section 2.05. The limitations on Borrowings referred to in clause (a) of this Section 2.01 are referred to collectively as the U.S. Revolving Exposure Limitations and the limitations on Borrowings referred to in clause (b) of this Section 2.01 are referred to collectively as the Canadian Revolving Exposure Limitations . Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. 
 Section 2.02 Loans and Borrowings . (a) Each Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Type made by the applicable Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. Any Protective Advance, any Overadvance and any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.04 and Section 2.05. 

(b) Subject to the Foreign Currency Sublimit, all Borrowings made to the U.S. Borrowers shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars, Sterling, Euros, Canadian Dollars or other Agreed Currencies. All Borrowings made to the Canadian Borrowers shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars. Subject to Section 2.14, (i) each Borrowing that is denominated in U.S. Dollars shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans, Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as the Borrower Representative may request in accordance herewith, (ii) each Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be comprised entirely of Canadian Prime Rate Loans (if made to a Canadian Borrower) or CDOR Loans (if made to any Borrower), as the Borrower Representative may request in accordance herewith, (iii) each Borrowing denominated in any other Alternative Currency shall be comprised entirely of Term Benchmark Loans , (iv) each Borrowing denominated in Sterling shall be comprised entirely of RFR Loans and (v) each Borrowing denominated in any other Agreed Currency, entirely of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, in each case of the same Agreed Currency. Each Swingline Loan (i) provided to a U.S. Borrower shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars and shall be an ABR Loan and (ii) provided to a Canadian Borrower shall be denominated in Canadian Dollars (and shall be a Canadian Prime Rate Loan) or U.S. Dollars (and shall be an ABR Loan). Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate or branch, the provisions of Section 2.14, Section 2.15, Section 2.16 and Section 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate or branch to the same extent as to such Lender); provided , however , (i) the exercise of such option shall be recorded in the Register in accordance with Section 9.04(b)(iv) and such Affiliate or branch shall have provided the tax forms required by Section 2.17(f) to the Administrative Agent, and (ii) any that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Borrowing or CDOR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1, 000 , 000 U.S. Dollars, Sterling, Euros, Canadian Dollars or other Agreed Currency, as applicable and not less than 1, 000 , 000 U.S. Dollars, Sterling, Euros, Canadian Dollars or other Agreed Currency, as applicable. At the time that each ABR Borrowing or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 500 , 000 or Cdn 500 , 000 , as applicable and not less than 1,000,000 or Cdn 1,000,000, as applicable; provided that an ABR Borrowing or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Aggregate Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 500,000 or Cdn 500,000, as applicable, and not less than 1,000,000 or Cdn 1,000,000, as applicable. Borrowings of 

66 

more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be, collectively, more than a total of 10 Term Benchmark and CDOR Borrowings outstanding. 

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower Representative shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 

Section 2.03 Requests for Borrowings . To request a Borrowing, the Borrower Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request either in writing (delivered by hand, facsimile or emailed in pdf format) in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Borrower Representative or through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, not later than (a) in the case of a CDOR Borrowing, 11:00 a.m., Local Time, four (4) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (b) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, 11: 00 a.m., Local Time, three (3) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing , (c) in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in any currency other than Sterling, 11:00 a.m. Local Time, five (5) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (d) in the case of an ABR Borrowing or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing (other than a Swingline Borrowing), noon, Local Time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing; provided that any such notice of an ABR Borrowing or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the date of such proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative. Each such Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 

(i) the name of the applicable Borrower(s); 

(ii) the currency and aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing and a breakdown of the separate wires comprising such Borrowing; 

(iii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iv) the Type of such Borrowing; and 

(v) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing or CDOR Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. 

Any Borrowing Request that shall fail to specify any of the information required by the preceding provisions of this paragraph may be rejected by the Administrative Agent if such failure is not corrected promptly after the Administrative Agent shall give written or telephonic notice thereof to the Borrower Representative and, if so rejected, will be of no force or effect. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 Section 2.04 Protective Advances . (a) Subject to the limitations set forth below, the Administrative Agent is authorized by the Borrowers and the Lenders, from time to time in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion (but shall have absolutely no obligation to), to make Loans to the Borrowers, on behalf of all Lenders, which the Administrative Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, deems necessary or desirable (i) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, (ii) to enhance the likelihood of, or maximize the amount of, repayment of the Loans and other Obligations, or (iii) to pay any other amount chargeable to or required to be paid by the Borrowers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, 

67 

including payments of reimbursable expenses (including costs, fees, and expenses as described in Section 9.03) and other sums payable under the Loan Documents (any of such Loans are herein referred to as Protective Advances ); provided that (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Protective Advances shall not, at any time, exceed (x) 5 of the Aggregate Commitments then in effect or (y) when aggregated with the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Overadvances, 10 of the Aggregate Commitments then in effect; provided further that no Protective Advance shall be made if after giving effect thereto, any Lender s Revolving Exposure shall exceed such Lender s Commitment. Protective Advances may be made even if the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 have not been satisfied. The Protective Advances shall be secured by the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent in and to the Collateral and shall constitute Obligations hereunder. All Protective Advances to the U.S. Borrowers shall be ABR Borrowings and all Protective Advances to the Canadian Borrowers shall be Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings if made in Canadian Dollars and ABR Borrowings if made in U.S. Dollars. The making of a Protective Advance on any one occasion shall not obligate the Administrative Agent to make any Protective Advance on any other occasion. The Administrative Agent s authorization to make Protective Advances may be revoked at any time by the Required Lenders. Any such revocation must be in writing and shall become effective prospectively upon the Administrative Agent s receipt thereof. At any time that there is sufficient U.S. Availability or Canadian Availability, as applicable, and the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 have been satisfied, the Administrative Agent may request the applicable Revolving Lenders to make a Revolving Loan to repay a Protective Advance. At any other time the Administrative Agent may require the Lenders to fund their risk participations described in Section 2.04(b). 

(b) Upon the making of a Protective Advance by the Administrative Agent (whether before or after the occurrence of a Default), each Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from the Administrative Agent, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such Protective Advance in proportion to its Applicable Percentage. From and after the date, if any, on which any Lender is required to fund its participation in any Protective Advance purchased hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to such Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of all payments of principal and interest and all proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent in respect of such Protective Advance. 

Section 2.05 Swingline Loans and Overadvances . 

(a) The Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders agree that in order to facilitate the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, promptly after the Borrower Representative requests (i) on behalf of a U.S. Borrower, an ABR Borrowing in U.S. Dollars or (ii) on behalf of a Canadian Borrower, a Canadian Prime Rate Loan in Canadian Dollars, the Swingline Lender may elect to have the terms of this Section 2.05(a) apply to such Borrowing Request by advancing, on behalf of the Lenders and in the amount requested, same day funds to the applicable Borrowers, on the date of the applicable Borrowing to the applicable Funding Account(s) (each such Loan made solely by the Swingline Lender pursuant to this Section 2.05(a) is referred to in this Agreement as a Swingline Loan ), with settlement among them as to the Swingline Loans to take place on a periodic basis as set forth in Section 2.05(d). Each Swingline Loan shall be subject to all the terms and conditions applicable to other ABR Loans and Canadian Prime Rate Loans funded by the Lenders, except that all payments thereon shall be payable to the Swingline Lender solely for its own account. In addition, the Borrowers hereby authorize the Swingline Lender to, and the Swingline Lender may, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (but without any further written notice required), not later than 2: 00 p.m., New York time, on each Business Day, make available to the Borrowers by means of a credit to the Funding Account(s), the proceeds of a Swingline Loan to the extent necessary to pay items to be drawn on any Controlled Disbursement Account that Business Day; provided that, if on any Business Day there is insufficient borrowing capacity to permit the Swingline Lender to make available to the Borrowers a Swingline Loan in the amount necessary to pay all items to be so drawn on any such Controlled Disbursement Account on such Business Day, then the 

68 

Borrower Representative shall be deemed to have requested an ABR Borrowing in U.S. Dollars or a Canadian Prime Rate Loan in Canadian Dollars, as applicable, pursuant to Section 2.03 in the amount of such deficiency to be made on such Business Day. The aggregate amount of Swingline Loans outstanding at any time shall not exceed 25 , 000 ,000; provided that, the aggregate amount of such Swingline Loans outstanding provided at any time to any Canadian Borrower shall not exceed 4,000,000. The Swingline Lender shall not make any Swingline Loan if, after giving effect thereto, the Borrowers would not be in compliance with the Revolving Exposure Limitations. All Swingline Loans shall be ABR Borrowings in the case of U.S. Borrowers or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings in the case of Canadian Borrowers 

(b) Any provision of this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, at the request of the Borrower Representative, the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion (but with absolutely no obligation), on behalf of the Lenders, (x) make Revolving Loans to the Borrowers, in amounts that exceed U.S. Availability or Canadian Availability, as applicable (any such excess Revolving Loans are herein referred to collectively as Overadvances or (y) deem the amount of Revolving Loans outstanding to the Borrowers that are in excess of U.S. Availability or Canadian Availability, as applicable, to be Overadvances; provided that, no Overadvance shall result in a Default due to Borrowers failure to comply with Section 2.01 for so long as such Overadvance remains outstanding in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, but solely with respect to the amount of such Overadvance; provided, further that the aggregate amount of outstanding Overadvances shall not, at any time, exceed (x) 5 of the Aggregate Commitments then in effect or (y) when aggregated with the aggregate outstanding amount of Protective Advances then outstanding, 10 of the Aggregate Commitments then in effect; provided further that no Overadvance shall be made if after giving effect thereto, any Lender s Revolving Exposure shall exceed such Lender s Commitment. Overadvances may be made even if the condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02(c) has not been satisfied. All Overadvances shall constitute ABR Borrowings in the case of U.S. Borrowers and the Canadian Borrowers (if made in U.S. Dollars) or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings (if made in Canadian Dollars) in the case of Canadian Borrowers. The making of an Overadvance on any one occasion shall not obligate the Administrative Agent to make any Overadvance on any other occasion. The applicable Borrowers shall be required to repay each Overadvance no later than the 30th day after the date of the making thereof. The Administrative Agent s authorization to make Overadvances may be revoked at any time by the Required Lenders. Any such revocation must be in writing and shall become effective prospectively upon the Administrative Agent s receipt thereof. 

(c) Upon the making of a Swingline Loan or an Overadvance (whether before or after the occurrence of a Default and regardless of whether a Settlement has been requested with respect to such Swingline Loan or Overadvance), each applicable Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from the Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such Swingline Loan or Overadvance in proportion to its Applicable Percentage of the Commitment. The Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent may, at any time, require such Lenders to fund their participations. From and after the date, if any, on which any Lender is required to fund its participation in any Swingline Loan or Overadvance purchased hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to such Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of all payments of principal and interest and all proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent in respect of such Swingline Loan or Overadvance. 

(d) The Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Swingline Lender, shall request settlement (a Settlement with the applicable Lenders on at least a weekly basis or on any date that the Administrative Agent elects, by notifying such Lenders of such requested Settlement by facsimile, telephone, or e-mail no later than 1: 00 p.m. New York time on the date of such requested Settlement (the Settlement Date ). Each such Lender (other than the Swingline Lender, in the case of the Swingline Loans) shall transfer the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding principal amount of the applicable Loan (in the same currency such Loan was made) with respect to which Settlement is requested to the Administrative 

69 

Agent, to such account of the Administrative Agent as the Administrative Agent may designate, not later than 3: 00 p.m., New York time, on such Settlement Date. Settlements may occur during the existence of a Default and whether or not the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 have then been satisfied. Such amounts transferred to the Administrative Agent shall be applied against the amounts of the Swingline Lender s Swingline Loans and, together with Swingline Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan, shall constitute Revolving Loans of such Lenders, respectively. If any such amount is not transferred to the Administrative Agent by any Lender on such Settlement Date, the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender on demand such amount, together with interest thereon, as specified in Section 2.07. 

Section 2.06 Letters of Credit . (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower Representative may request the issuance of Letters of Credit denominated in U.S. Dollars or an LC Designated Currency for its own account or for the account of another U.S. Borrower as the applicant thereof for the support of its or any Subsidiary s obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding that the Urban UK L/C has been issued for the account of a Subsidiary of the Company, the U.S. Borrowers hereby acknowledge and agree that the U.S. Borrowers shall be deemed to have requested that Wells Fargo, as an Issuing Bank hereunder, issue the Urban UK L/C, and the U.S. Borrowers are and shall be obligated for all reimbursement obligations under the Urban UK L/C, including, without limitation, as if an application for such Urban UK L/C shall have been executed by the Company. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the U.S. Borrowers to, or entered into by the U.S. Borrowers with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Each U.S. Borrower unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that, in connection with any Letter of Credit issued for the support of any Subsidiary s obligations as provided in the first sentence of this paragraph, such U.S. Borrower will be fully responsible for the reimbursement of LC Disbursements in accordance with the terms hereof, the payment of interest thereon and the payment of fees due under Section 2.12(b) to the same extent as if it were the sole account party in respect of such Letter of Credit (such U.S. Borrower hereby irrevocably waiving any defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of the obligations of such Subsidiary that is an account party in respect of any such Letter of Credit). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuing Bank shall have no obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit (i) the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (A) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of any Sanctions or (B) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement, (ii) if any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Requirement of Law relating to the Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that the Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Effective Date and which the Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it, or (iii) if the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, 

70 

shall in each case be deemed not to be in effect on the Effective Date for purposes of clause (ii) above, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 

(b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower Representative shall deliver by hand or facsimile (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent) to the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of, but in any event no less than three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (if applicable) (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount and currency of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the Issuing Bank, the Borrower Representative also shall submit a letter of credit application on the Issuing Bank s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the U.S. Borrowers shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the aggregate LC Exposure shall not exceed 40,000,000, (ii) the aggregate Standby LC Exposure shall not exceed 40,000,000, (iii) the aggregate Commercial LC Exposure shall not exceed 5,000,000, (iv) the LC Exposure of any Issuing Bank shall not exceed such Issuing Bank s LC Individual Sublimit, and (v) the Borrowers will be in compliance with the Revolving Exposure Limitations. 

(c) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit (other than the Urban UK L/C) shall expire (or be subject to termination or non-renewal by notice from the applicable Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, including, without limitation, any automatic renewal provision, one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or such later date as to which the Administrative Agent may agree) unless in the case of this subclause (ii) such Letter of Credit is Cash Collateralized on or prior to the date of issuance thereof. Any Letter of Credit may provide by its terms that it may be automatically extended for additional successive one year periods on terms reasonably acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank. Any Letter of Credit providing for automatic extension shall be extended upon the then current expiration date without any further action by any Person unless the applicable Issuing Bank shall have given notice to the applicable beneficiary (with a copy to the Borrower Representative) of the election by such Issuing Bank not to extend such Letter of Credit, such notice to be given not fewer than 30 days prior to the then current expiration date of such Letter of Credit; provided that no Letter of Credit may be extended automatically or otherwise beyond the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date unless such Letter of Credit is Cash Collateralized on or prior to the date of such extension. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, the Urban UK L/C shall not be required to comply with the foregoing requirements. 

(d) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from the Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement (in the same currency as such LC Disbursement) made by the Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrowers on the 

71 

date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the U.S. Borrowers for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 

(e) Reimbursement . If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the U.S. Borrowers shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement (in the same currency as such LC Disbursement) (i) not later than 1: 00 p.m., New York time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower Representative shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10 : 00 a.m., New York time, on such date, or, (ii) if such notice has not been received by the Borrower Representative prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12: 00 noon, New York time, on (A) the Business Day that the Borrower Representative receives such notice, if such notice is received prior to 10 : 00 a.m., New York time, on the day of receipt, or (B) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower Representative receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt; provided that the Borrower Representative may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or Section 2.05 that such payment be financed with an ABR Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the U.S. Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Borrowing or Swingline Loan. If the U.S. Borrowers fail to make such payment when due, such amount, if denominated in Canadian Dollars or other Agreed Currencies, shall be converted to U.S. Dollars and shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the U.S. Borrowers in respect thereof and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the U.S. Borrowers, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the U.S. Borrowers pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and the Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrowers of their obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. 

(f) Obligations Absolute . The U.S. Borrowers joint and several obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) any payment by the Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the U.S. Borrowers obligations hereunder. None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, any Issuing Bank or any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason 

72 

of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of such Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse an Issuing Bank from liability to the U.S. Borrowers to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the U.S. Borrowers to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by any U.S. Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, an Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 

(g) Disbursement Procedures . Each Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Each Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the applicable U.S. Borrower by telephone (confirmed by facsimile) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the U.S. Borrowers of their obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 

(h) Interim Interest . If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the U.S. Borrowers shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the U.S. Borrowers reimburse such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Loans and such interest shall be payable on the date when such reimbursement is due; provided that, if the U.S. Borrowers fail to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(h) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse the Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 

(i) Replacement of an Issuing Bank . 

(i) Any Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower Representative, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the U.S. Borrowers shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the 

73 

replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 

(ii) The Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower Representative and the Lenders, in which case, such Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.06(i) above. 

(j) Cash Collateralization . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower Representative receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the U.S. Borrowers shall Cash Collateralize all Letters of Credit; provided that the obligation to Cash Collateralize all Letters of Credit shall become effective immediately, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to any U.S. Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of Article VII. For the purposes of this Agreement, Cash Collateralize shall mean, (x) with respect to any Letter of Credit other than the Urban UK L/C, the deposit in U.S. Dollars in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders (the LC Collateral Account ), an amount in cash equal to (i) 103 of the amount of the LC Exposure in respect of such Letter of Credit issued and outstanding on such date plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, plus (ii) 115 of the amount of the LC Exposure in respect of Letters of Credit issued and outstanding in any LC Designated Currency on such date, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and (y) with respect to the Urban UK L/C, the deposit in Sterling in an account with Wells Fargo, in the name of Wells Fargo and for the benefit of the Lenders (the Urban UK L/C Collateral Account ), an amount in cash equal to 115 of the amount of the LC Exposure in respect of such Urban UK L/C outstanding on such date, and such additional amounts as may be required by Wells Fargo from time to time thereafter, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. Such deposit in the LC Collateral Account shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations. Such deposit in the Urban UK L/C Collateral Account shall be held by Wells Fargo as collateral for the payment and performance of the Urban UK L/C and all other Secured Obligations. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the LC Collateral Account and the U.S. Borrowers hereby grant the Administrative Agent a security interest in the LC Collateral Account and all money or other assets on deposit therein or credited thereto. Wells Fargo shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the Urban UK L/C Collateral Account and the U.S. Borrowers hereby grant Wells Fargo and the other Secured Parties a security interest in and charge over the Urban UK L/C Collateral Account and all money or other assets on deposit therein or credited thereto. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the U.S. Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits in the LC Collateral Account shall not bear interest. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of Wells Fargo and at the U.S. Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits in the Urban UK L/C Collateral Account shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in the LC Collateral Account or the Urban UK L/C Collateral Account, as applicable. Moneys in the LC Collateral Account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the U.S. Borrowers for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of the Required Lenders), be applied to satisfy other Secured Obligations. Moneys in the Urban UK L/C Collateral Account shall be applied by Wells Fargo first to reimburse Wells Fargo, as Issuing Bank, for LC Disbursements with respect to the Urban UK L/C for which it has not been reimbursed, and, to the extent of any excess following such reimbursement in full, shall be applied as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence. If the U.S. Borrowers are 

74 

required to Cash Collateralize Letters of Credit solely as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, the cash collateral (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the U.S. Borrowers within three (3) Business Days after all such Events of Default have been waived as confirmed in writing by the Administrative Agent. Not later than concurrently with payoff or refinancing of the Obligations arising under the Loan Documents (other than in respect of the Urban UK L/C), Wells Fargo and the U.S. Borrowers shall take such actions and execute such agreements as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in order to release the Lenders (other than Wells Fargo) and the Administrative Agent from any liability or continuing obligations in respect of the Urban UK L/C. 

(k) Issuing Bank Reports to the Administrative Agent . Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank shall, in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section, report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) periodic activity (for such period or recurrent periods as shall be requested by the Administrative Agent) in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, including all issuances, extensions, amendments and renewals, all expirations and cancelations and all disbursements and reimbursements, (ii) reasonably prior to the time that such Issuing Bank issues, amends, renews or extends any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, and the stated amount of the Letters of Credit issued, amended, renewed or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (and whether the amounts thereof shall have changed), (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement, the date and amount of such LC Disbursement, (iv) on any Business Day on which any U.S. Borrower fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such LC Disbursement, and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. 

(l) LC Exposure Determination . For all purposes of this Agreement, the amount of a Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at the time of determination. 

(m) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the U.S. Borrowers shall be obligated to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. Each U.S. Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit requested by such U.S. Borrower for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of such U.S. Borrower, and that such U.S. Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 

(n) Existing Letters of Credit . Each Existing Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a Letter of Credit issued for the account of the U.S. Borrowers on the Effective Date for all purposes hereof and of the other Loan Documents (whether or not a U.S. Borrower was the applicant with respect thereto or otherwise responsible for reimbursement obligations with respect thereto prior to the Effective Date), and no issuance or similar fees (as distinguished from ongoing participation or fronting fees) will be required in connection with the deemed issuance of the Existing Letters of Credit on the Effective Date. 

Section 2.07 Funding of Borrowings . (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by such Lender hereunder on the proposed date thereof solely by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 1:00 pm, Local Time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders in an amount equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage; provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 5.05. The Administrative Agent will make such 

75 

Loans available to the applicable Borrower Representative by promptly crediting the funds so received in the aforesaid account of the Administrative Agent to the applicable Funding Account; provided that ABR Loans made to finance the reimbursement of (i) an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank and (ii) a Protective Advance or an Overadvance shall be retained by the Administrative Agent. 

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the applicable Borrowers severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the applicable Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the rate reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be the cost to it of funding such amount or (ii) in the case of the Borrowers, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans or, in the case of Canadian Borrowers, Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings (if made in Canadian Dollars). If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 

Section 2.08 Interest Elections . (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type and Agreed Currency specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing or CDOR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower Representative may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing or CDOR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower Representative may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, Overadvances or Protective Advances, which may not be converted or continued. 

(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election in writing or through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrowers were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section, a Borrower shall not be permitted to change the currency of any Borrowing. 

(c) Each Interest Election Request (including requests submitted through Electronic System) shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 

(i) the name of the applicable Borrower and the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); 

76 

(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iii) the Type of Borrowing; and 

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing or CDOR Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 

If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or CDOR Borrowing, but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrowers shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 

(e) If the Borrower Representative fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing or CDOR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period (i) with respect to Borrowings by a U.S. Borrower (A) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing and (B) in the case of any other Term Benchmark Borrowing or CDOR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall become due and payable on the last day of such Interest Period, and (ii) with respect to Borrowings by a Canadian Borrower, such Borrowing shall be converted to a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing in the case of a CDOR Borrowing or an ABR Borrowing in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, as applicable. 

(f) Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower Representative (provided that no such notice shall be required in the case of an Event of Default under clause (h) or (i) of Article VII), then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars may be converted to or continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing and no outstanding Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars may be converted to or continued as a CDOR Borrowing, and (ii) unless repaid (A) each Term Benchmark Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing, in each case, denominated in U.S. Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (B) each Term Benchmark Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing, in each case denominated in an Alternative Currency, shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars shall either be (x) converted to an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) at the end of the Interest Period, as applicable, therefor or (y) prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period, as applicable, in full, and (C) each CDOR Borrowing to a Canadian Borrower shall be converted to a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and each CDOR Borrowing to a U.S. Borrower shall be repaid at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 

Section 2.09 Termination and Reduction of Commitments; Increase in Commitments . (a) Unless previously terminated the Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date. 

(b) The applicable Borrowers may at any time terminate the Commitments upon (i) the payment in full of all outstanding Loans, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon and on any LC Exposure, 

77 

(ii) the cancellation and return of all outstanding Letters of Credit (or alternatively, with respect to each such Letter of Credit, the Cash Collateralization (or at the discretion of the Administrative Agent a backup standby letter of credit satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank) of all outstanding Letters of Credit), (iii) the payment in full of the accrued and unpaid fees, and (iv) the payment in full of all reimbursable expenses and other Obligations, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon. 

(c) The Borrowers may from time to time reduce the Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 5, 000 , 000 and (ii) the Borrowers shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, the Borrowers would not be in compliance with the Revolving Exposure Limitations. 

(d) The Borrower Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower Representative pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower Representative may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower Representative (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. 

(e) The Borrowers shall have the right to increase the Commitments by obtaining additional Commitments, either from one or more of the Lenders or another lending institution; provided that (i) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 10 , 000 , 000 , (ii) the aggregate amount of all additional Commitments obtained under this clause (e) shall not exceed 150 ,000,000, (iii) the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank have approved the identity of any such new Lender, such approvals not to be unreasonably withheld, (iv) any such new Lender assumes all of the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder, (v) the procedure described in Section 2.09(f) has been satisfied, (vi) the terms and provisions of all additional Commitments and loans made thereunder shall be identical (including yield and maturity date) to the then existing Commitments and Revolving Loans, respectively, and (vii) no increase of the Canadian Sublimit is permitted. Nothing contained in this Section 2.09 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to increase its Commitment hereunder at any time. 

(f) Any amendment hereto for such an increase or addition shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and shall only require the written signatures of the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers and each Lender being added or increasing its Commitment, subject only to the approval of the Required Lenders if any such increase or addition would cause the Commitments to exceed 500 , 000 ,000. As a condition precedent to such an increase or addition, the Borrowers shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (i) a certificate of each Loan Party signed by an authorized officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrowers, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase or addition, (1) the representations and warranties contained in Article III and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (except that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, and that any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects) and (2) no Default or Event of Default exists, and (ii) legal 

78 

opinions and documents consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 

(g) On the effective date of any such increase or addition, (i) any Lender increasing (or, in the case of any newly added Lender, extending) its Commitment shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase or addition and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender s portion of the outstanding Revolving Loans of all the Lenders to equal its revised Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and the Administrative Agent shall make such other adjustments among the Lenders with respect to the Revolving Loans then outstanding and amounts of principal, interest, commitment fees and other amounts paid or payable with respect thereto as shall be necessary, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, in order to effect such reallocation and (ii) the Borrowers shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding Revolving Loans as of the date of any increase (or addition) in the Commitments (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the Borrower Representative, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each Term Benchmark Loan and CDOR Loan, shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrowers pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. Within a reasonable time after the effective date of any increase or addition, the Administrative Agent shall, and is hereby authorized and directed to, revise the Commitment Schedule to reflect such increase or addition and shall distribute such revised Commitment Schedule to each of the Lenders and the Borrower Representative, whereupon such revised Commitment Schedule shall replace the old Commitment Schedule and become part of this Agreement. 

Section 2.10 Repayment and Amortization of Loans; Evidence of Debt . (a) The U.S. Borrowers hereby unconditionally promise to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each U.S. Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan made to the U.S. Borrowers on the Maturity Date, (ii) to the Administrative Agent the then unpaid amount of each Protective Advance made to the U.S. Borrowers on the earlier of the Maturity Date and demand by the Administrative Agent, and (iii) to the Administrative Agent the then unpaid principal amount of each Overadvance made to the U.S. Borrowers on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the 30 th day after such Overadvance is made. The Canadian Borrowers hereby unconditionally promise to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Canadian Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan made to the Canadian Borrowers on the Maturity Date, (ii) to the Administrative Agent the then unpaid amount of each Protective Advance made to the Canadian Borrowers on the earlier of the Maturity Date and demand by the Administrative Agent, and (iii) to the Administrative Agent the then unpaid principal amount of each Overadvance made to the Canadian Borrowers on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the 30 th day after such Overadvance is made. 

(b) On each Business Day during any Dominion Period, the Administrative Agent shall apply all funds credited to a Concentration Account of the Borrowers on such Business Day or the immediately preceding Business Day (at the discretion of the Administrative Agent, whether or not immediately available), first , to prepay any Protective Advances and Overadvance that may be outstanding, second , to prepay the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans, third to Cash Collateralize outstanding LC Exposure, and fourth , as the Borrower Representative may direct. 

(c) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such 

79 

Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrowers to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 

(e) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (c) or (d) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(f) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrowers shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 

Section 2.11 Prepayment of Loans . (a) The Borrowers shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section and, if applicable, payment of any break funding expenses under Section 2.16. 

(b) Except for Overadvances permitted under Section 2.05, in the event and on each occasion that the Borrowers are not in compliance with the Revolving Exposure Limitations (including following any Revaluation Date), the applicable Borrowers shall severally prepay the Revolving Loans and/or Swingline Loans (or, if no such Loans are outstanding, Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit) of such Borrower(s) in an aggregate amount that, after giving effect to such prepayments or Cash Collateralization the Borrowers shall be in compliance with the Revolving Exposure Limitations. 

(c) During any Dominion Period or during any time when an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, subject to the Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, if any, in the event and on each occasion that any Net Proceeds are received by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of any Prepayment Event, the Borrowers shall, immediately after such Net Proceeds are received by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, prepay the Obligations and cash collateralize the LC Exposure as set forth in Section 2.11(d) below in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Proceeds; 

provided that, in the case of any event described in clause (a) or (b) of the definition of the term Prepayment Event , if the Borrower Representative shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer to the effect that the Loan Parties intend to apply the Net Proceeds from such event (or a portion thereof specified in such certificate), within 180 days after receipt of such Net Proceeds, to acquire (or replace or rebuild) real property, equipment or other tangible assets (excluding inventory) to be used in the business of the Loan Parties, and certifying that no Default has occurred and is continuing, then either (i) so long as full cash dominion is not in effect, no prepayment shall be required pursuant to this paragraph in respect of the Net Proceeds specified in such certificate or (ii) if full cash dominion is in effect, then, if the Net Proceeds specified in such certificate are to be applied to acquire, replace or rebuild such assets by (A) 
 	 80 

the Borrowers, such Net Proceeds shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reduce the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Loans (without a permanent reduction of the Revolving Commitment) and upon such application, the Administrative Agent shall establish a Reserve against any Borrowing Base in an amount equal to the amount of such proceeds so applied and (B) any Loan Party that is not a Borrower, such Net Proceeds shall be deposited in a cash collateral account, and in the case of either (A) or (B), thereafter, such funds shall be made available to the applicable Loan Party as follows: 
 (1)	the Borrower Representative shall request a Borrowing of Revolving Loans (specifying that the request is to use Net Proceeds pursuant to this Section) or the applicable Loan Party shall request a release from the cash collateral account be made in the amount needed; 
 (2)	so long as the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 have been met, the Revolving Lenders shall make such Borrowing of Revolving Loans or the Administrative Agent shall release funds from the cash collateral account; and 
 (3)	the Reserve established with respect to such insurance proceeds shall be reduced by the amount of such Borrowing of Revolving Loans; 
 provided that to the extent of any such Net Proceeds therefrom that have not been so applied by the end of such 180 day period, a prepayment shall be required at such time in an amount equal to such Net Proceeds that have not been so applied; provided, further that the Borrowers shall not be permitted to make elections to use Net Proceeds to acquire (or replace or rebuild) real property, equipment or other tangible assets (excluding inventory) with respect to Net Proceeds in any fiscal year in an aggregate amount in excess of 25,000,000. 
 (d) Subject to the Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, if any, all such amounts pursuant to Section 2.11(c) shall be applied, first to prepay any Protective Advances and Overadvances that may be outstanding, pro rata, and second to prepay the Revolving Loans (including Swingline Loans) without a corresponding reduction in the Revolving Commitments and to cash collateralize outstanding LC Exposure. 

(e) The Borrower Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by telephone (confirmed by facsimile) or through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, of any prepayment hereunder not later than (i) 11: 00 a.m., New York time, (A) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, CDOR Borrowing, or RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment, or (B) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Borrowing of Revolving Loans, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing of Revolving Loans shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of Revolving Loans of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02 and shall be the same currency as the Borrowing of Revolving Loans being repaid. Each prepayment of a Borrowing of Revolving Loans shall be applied ratably to the Revolving Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and (ii) break funding payments, if any, pursuant to Section 2.16. 

Section 2.12 Fees . 

81 

(a) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of each Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the average daily amount of the Available Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which the Commitments terminate. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the first Business Day of each January, April, July and October and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed, (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

(b) The U.S. Borrowers agree to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, at a per annum rate equal to (A) with respect to Standby LC Exposure, the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans on the average daily amount of such Lender s Standby LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements), and (B) with respect to Commercial LC Exposure, 50 less than the Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans on the average daily amount of such Lender s Commercial LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements), in each case during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to the Issuing Bank a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125 per annum on the average daily amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) attributable to Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as the Issuing Bank s standard fees and commissions with respect to the issuance, amendment, cancellation, negotiation, transfer, presentment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of each calendar quarter shall be payable on the first Business Day of each January, April, July and October following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to the Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 30 days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

(c) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. 

(d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due and shall be paid in U.S. Dollars, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to an Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 

Section 2.13 Interest . 

(a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars, as applicable) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate or the Canadian Prime Rate, as applicable, plus the Applicable Rate. 

82 

(b) The Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest, in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Loan, at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, as applicable, for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 

(c) The Revolving Loans comprising each CDOR Borrowing shall bear interest at the CDOR Screen Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 

(d) [Reserved]. 

(e) The Revolving Loans comprising each RFR Loan shall bear interest at the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Rate. 

(f) Each Protective Advance and each Overadvance made to the U.S. Borrowers shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for ABR Loans plus 2 . Each Protective Advance made to the Canadian Borrowers shall bear interest at (i) if it is in Canadian Dollars, the Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Canadian Prime Rate Loans plus 2 ; and (ii) if it is in U.S. Dollars, the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for ABR Loans plus 2 . 

(g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower Representative, declare that (i) all Loans shall bear interest at 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loans as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount outstanding hereunder, such amount shall accrue at 2 plus the rate applicable to such fee or other obligation as provided hereunder; provided , that (x) the default rate of interest set forth in this clause (f) shall apply automatically and without notice to the Borrower Representative upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default under clauses (a), (h) or (i) of Article VII and (y) application of the default rate of interest pursuant to this clause (f) may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 9.02 requiring the consent of each Lender affected thereby for reductions in interest rates. 

(h) Accrued interest on each Loan (for ABR Loans and any Canadian Prime Rate Loans, accrued through the last day of the prior calendar month) shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon termination of the Commitments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (f) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan or CDOR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 

(i) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate and the CDOR Screen Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and interest computed by reference to Sterling shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days, and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, CDOR Screen Rate, Adjusted EURIBO Rate, EURIBO Rate, Canadian Prime Rate, Alternate Base Rate or Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or Daily Simple RFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. For the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), the yearly rate of interest to which any rate calculated on the basis of a period of time different from the actual number of days in the year (360 days, for example) is equivalent is the stated rate multiplied by the actual number of days in the year 365 or 366 , as applicable) and divided by 

83 

the number of days in the shorter period (360 days, in the example). The Canadian Loan Parties acknowledge that there is a material distinction between the nominal and effective rates of interest and that they are capable of making the calculations necessary to compare such rates and that the calculations herein are to be made using the nominal rate method and not on any basis that gives effect to the principle of deemed reinvestment of interest. Each of the Canadian Loan Parties confirms that they fully understand and are able to calculate the rate of interest applicable to the Canadian Secured Obligations based on the methodology for calculating per annum rates provided for in this Agreement. Each of the Canadian Loan Parties hereby irrevocably agrees not to plead or assert, whether by way of defense or otherwise, in any proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, that the interest payable under this Agreement and the calculation thereof has not been adequately disclosed to the Canadian Loan Parties as required pursuant to Section 4 of the Interest Act (Canada). 

(j) All interest hereunder shall be paid in the currency in which the Loan giving rise to such interest is denominated. 

Section 2.14 Alternate Rate of Interest; Illegality . 

(a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 2.14, if: 

(i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the EURIBOR Rate (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, Daily Simple RFR or RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency; or 

(ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency; 

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower Representative and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower Representative and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower Representative delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above and (2) any Borrowing Request that requests an RFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to 
 	 84 

be a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for an ABR Borrowing and (B) for Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing, in each case, for the relevant Benchmark, shall be ineffective; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrower Representative s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower Representative and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower Representative delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan and (B) for Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency shall, at the Borrower Representative s election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the Borrowers on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Alternative Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency, at the Borrower Representative s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a CDOR Borrowing: 
 (i)	the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the CDOR Screen Rate for such Interest Period; or 
 (ii)	the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the CDOR Screen Rate for such Interest Period and for such currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) of such currency included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period; 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrowers and the Lenders by telephone or facsimile as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrowers 
 	 85 

and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any applicable Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any applicable Revolving Borrowing as, a CDOR Borrowing shall be ineffective, (ii) any such request for a continuation of any applicable CDOR Borrowing by a Canadian Borrower shall be deemed to be a request to convert such Borrowing to a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing, and (iii) any such request for a continuation of any applicable CDOR Borrowing by a Borrower other than a Canadian Borrower shall be ineffective. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.14), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders of each affected Class. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(d) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower Representative and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate or EURIBOR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the 

86 

Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(f) Upon the Borrower Representative s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrowers may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (x) the Borrowers will be deemed to have converted any request for (1) a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) any Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.14, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan and (B) for Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency shall, at the Borrower Representative s election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the Borrowers on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Alternative Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency, at the Borrower Representative s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 

87 

(g) Upon the Borrower Representative s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrowers may revoke any request for a CDOR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of CDOR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, in each case, failing that, the Borrowers will be deemed to have converted any request for a CDOR Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Canadian Prime Rate Loans. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of Canadian Prime Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of Canadian Prime Rate. Furthermore, if any CDOR Loan in Canadian Dollars is outstanding on the date of the Borrower Representative s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the CDOR Screen Rate, then on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Canadian Prime Rate Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars on such day . 

Section 2.15 Increased Costs . (a) If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, as applicable) or the Issuing Bank; 

(ii) impose on any Lender or the Issuing Bank or the applicable interbank market for the applicable Agreed Currency any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; or 

(iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (e) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting into or main taining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receiv able by such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrowers will pay to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) If any Lender or the Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitment of, or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrowers will pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender 

88 

or the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(c) A certificate of a Lender or the Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower Representative accompanied by a certificate setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts and upon such delivery of such items shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt thereof. 

(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower Representative of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

Section 2.16 Break Funding Payments . 

(a) With respect to Loans that are not RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan or CDOR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan, EUIBOR Loan or CDOR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan or CDOR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iv) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower Representative pursuant to Section 2.19 or (v) the failure by any Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower Representative and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt thereof. 

(b) With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19 or (iv) the failure by any Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be 

89 

delivered to the Borrower Representative and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt thereof. 

Section 2.17 Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up . (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers . The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 

(c) Evidence of Payment . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(d) Indemnification by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Loan Party by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case under this Section 2.17(e), that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e) . 

90 

(f) Status of Lenders . (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Borrower is a U.S. Person, 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent), an executed IRS Form W- 9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or successor form), establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or successor form), establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(2) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of a Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the 

91 

Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) an executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or successor form); or 

(4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the Beneficial Owner, executed originals of IRS Form W 8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W 8ECI, IRS Form W 8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or successor form), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G 2 or Exhibit G 3, IRS Form W 9, and/or other certification documents from each Beneficial Owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by 

92 

the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g) , in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This paragraph (g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(h) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

(i) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank and the term applicable law includes FATCA. 

Section 2.18 Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Set-offs . (a) The Borrowers shall make each payment required to be made by them hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, Section 2.16 or Section 2.17, or otherwise) prior to 3:00 p.m., New York time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 10 South Dearborn Street, Floor L2, Chicago, Illinois, or as otherwise directed by the Administrative Agent, except payments to be made directly to an Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Section 2.15, Section 2.16, Section 2.17 and Section 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder of principal or interest in respect of any Loan shall, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, be made in the currency of such Loan, all payments in respect of LC Disbursements shall, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, be made in the currency applicable to such Letter of Credit and all other payments hereunder and under each other Loan Document shall be made in U.S. Dollars. 

(b) Any proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent (i) not constituting either (A) a specific payment of principal, interest, fees or other sum payable under the Loan Documents (which prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default shall be applied as specified by the Borrowers) or (B) amounts to be applied from a Concentration Account during a Dominion Period (which shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.10(b)) or (ii) after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent so elects or the Required Lenders so direct, shall be applied ratably first , to pay any fees, indemnities, or expense reimbursements then due to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks from the Borrowers (other than in connection with Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations), second , to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements then due to the Lenders from the Borrowers (other 

93 

than in connection with Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations), third , to pay interest due in respect of the Overadvances and Protective Advances, fourth , to pay the principal of the Overadvances and Protective Advances, fifth , to pay interest then due and payable on the Loans (other than the Overadvances and Protective Advances) ratably, sixth , to prepay principal on the Loans (other than the Overadvances and Protective Advances) and unreimbursed LC Disbursements ratably, seventh , to Cash Collateralize all outstanding Letters of Credit, eighth , ratably to the payment of any amounts owing with respect to Banking Services Obligations (other than Specified L/C Obligations) and Swap Agreement Obligations for which Banking Services/Swap Reserves have been established but only up to the amount of such Banking Services/Swap Reserves, ninth , to payment of any amounts owing with respect to Banking Services Obligations (other than Specified L/C Obligations) and Swap Agreement Obligations not paid pursuant to clause eighth above up to and including the amount most recently provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.22, tenth , to the payment of any other Secured Obligation (other than Specified L/C Obligations), and eleventh , to payment or cash collateralization of all Specified L/C Obligations, by deposit in U.S. Dollars in an account with the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the holders of the Specified L/C Obligations, up to and including the amount most recently provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.22. Notwithstanding the foregoing amounts received from (i) any Loan Party shall not be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligation of such Loan Party and (ii) any Canadian Loan Party shall not be applied to any Secured Obligation other than the Canadian Secured Obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, unless so directed by the Borrower Representative, or unless an Event of Default (or a Default under any of clauses (a), (b), (h), (i) or (j) of Article VII) is in existence, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall apply any payment which it receives to any Term Benchmark Loan or CDOR Loan, except (a) on the expiration date of the Interest Period applicable thereto or (b) in the event, and only to the extent, that there are no outstanding ABR Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, respectively, of the same Type, and, in any such event, the Borrowers shall pay the break funding payment required in accordance with Section 2.16. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply and reverse and reapply any and all such proceeds and payments to any portion of the Secured Obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) any such application of proceeds from Collateral of the U.S. Loan Parties (which at the time of remittance to the Administrative Agent are either identified as such by the Loan Parties or known as such by the Administrative Agent) shall be applied to the Secured Obligations (other than the Canadian Secured Obligations) before being applied to any of the Canadian Secured Obligations and then to the Canadian Secured Obligations, and (y) any such application of proceeds from Collateral of the Canadian Loan Parties (which at the time of remittance to the Administrative Agent are either identified as such by the Loan Parties or known as such by the Administrative Agent) shall be applied solely to the Canadian Secured Obligations. 

(c) At the election of the Administrative Agent, all payments of principal, interest, LC Disbursements, fees, premiums, reasonable and documented reimbursable expenses (including, without limitation, all reimbursement for fees, costs and expenses pursuant to Section 9.03), and other sums payable under the Loan Documents, may be paid from the proceeds of Borrowings made hereunder whether made following a request by the Borrower Representative pursuant to Section 2.03 or a deemed request as provided in this Section or may be deducted from the specific deposit account of the Borrower Representative maintained with the Administrative Agent and previously identified in writing to the Administrative Agent; provided that, in the case of any deemed request (other than a payment of principal, interest, LC Disbursements, and fees due under this Agreement), the Administrative Agent shall have provided the Borrower Representative prior written notice that such sums are due and payable, the amount thereof and the date payment is requested to be made; provided further that, proceeds of any Borrowings of the Canadian Borrowers and proceeds deducted from any Deposit Account of the Canadian Borrowers shall be used to pay only the Canadian Secured Obligations. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes (i) the Administrative Agent to make a Borrowing for the purpose of paying each payment referred to in the preceding sentence on or after the date such payment is due and payable and agrees that all such amounts charged shall constitute Loans (including Swingline Loans and Overadvances, but such a Borrowing may 

94 

only constitute a Protective Advance if it is to reimburse costs, fees and expenses as described in Section 9.03) and that all such Borrowings shall be deemed to have been requested pursuant to Section 2.03, Section 2.04 or Section 2.05, as applicable, and (ii) the Administrative Agent to charge the specific deposit account of the Borrower Representative previously identified in writing to the Administrative Agent (other than, so long as no Dominion Period is in effect or no Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing, any deposit account, including any Excluded Account) maintained with the Administrative Agent for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents; provided that, proceeds of any Borrowings of the Canadian Borrowers and proceeds deducted from any Deposit Account of the Canadian Loan Parties shall be used to pay only the Canadian Secured Obligations. 

(d) If, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other similarly situated Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by all such Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrowers pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrowers or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. 

(e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower Representative prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrowers will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrowers have made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrowers have not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

(f) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it hereunder, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of 

95 

such Lender hereunder. Application of amounts pursuant to (i) and (ii) above shall be made in any order determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 

(g) The Administrative Agent may from time to time provide the Borrowers with account statements or invoices with respect to any of the Secured Obligations (the Statements ). The Administrative Agent is under no duty or obligation to provide Statements, which, if provided, will be solely for the Borrowers convenience. The Statements may contain estimates of the amounts owed during the relevant billing period, whether of principal, interest, fees or other Secured Obligations. If the Borrowers pay the full amount indicated on a Statement on or before the due date indicated on such Statement, the Borrowers shall not be in default of payment with respect to the billing period indicated on such Statement; provided, that acceptance by the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, of any payment that is less than the total amount actually due at that time (including but not limited to any past due amounts) shall not constitute a waiver of the Administrative Agent s or the Lenders right to receive payment in full at another time. 

Section 2.19 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . 

(a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrowers are required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or Section 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. 

(b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrowers are required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrowers may, at their sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.15 or Section 2.17) and obligations under this Agreement and other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) if the assignee is not already a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, the Borrowers shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and in circumstances where its consent would be required under Section 9.04, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unrea sonably be withheld or delayed, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and funded participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrowers (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

Section 2.20 Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 

96 

(a) fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a); 

(b) such Defaulting Lender shall not have the right to vote on any issue on which voting is required (other than to the extent expressly provided in Section 9.02(b)) and the Commitment and Revolving Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02) or under any other Loan Document; provided, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, this clause (b) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby; 

(c) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time a Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: 

(i) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that (x) the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower Representative shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time) and (y) to the extent that such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Exposure to exceed its Commitment; 

(ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, then within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first , the Borrowers shall prepay such Swingline Exposure, and (y) second , the Borrowers shall Cash Collateralize, for the benefit of the Issuing Bank, the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding; 

(iii) if the Borrowers Cash Collateralize any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is Cash Collateralized; 

(iv) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages; and 

(v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor Cash Collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or Cash Collateralized; and 

(d) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend, renew, extend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and such Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or 

97 

cash collateral will be provided by the Borrowers in accordance with Section 2.20(c), and participating interests in any such newly made Swingline Loan or newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.20(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 

If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-in Action with respect to the Parent of any Lender shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrowers or such Lender, satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 In the event that each of the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on the date of such readjustment such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 Section 2.21 Returned Payments . If after receipt of any payment which is applied to the payment of all or any part of the Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff), the Administrative Agent or any Lender is for any reason compelled to surrender such payment or proceeds to any Person because such payment or application of proceeds is invalidated, declared fraudulent, set aside, determined to be void or voidable as a preference, impermissible setoff, or a diversion of trust funds, or for any other reason (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion), then the Obligations or part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued and this Agreement shall continue in full force as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by the Administrative Agent or such Lender. The provisions of this Section 2.21 shall be and remain effective notwithstanding any contrary action which may have been taken by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in reliance upon such payment or application of proceeds. The provisions of this Section 2.21 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

Section 2.22 Banking Services and Swap Agreements . Each Lender or Affiliate thereof providing Banking Services for, or having Swap Agreements with, any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, promptly after entering into such Banking Services or Swap Agreements, written notice setting forth the aggregate amount of all Banking Services Obligations and Swap Agreement Obligations of such Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof to such Lender or Affiliate (whether matured or unmatured, absolute or contingent). In addition, each such Lender or Affiliate thereof shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, from time to time after a significant change therein or upon a request therefor, a summary of the amounts due or to become due in respect of such Banking Services Obligations and Swap Agreement Obligations. The most recent information provided to the Administrative Agent shall be used in determining the amounts to be applied in respect of such Banking Services Obligations and/or Swap Agreement Obligations pursuant to Section 2.18(b). 

Section 2.23 Access Rights . Each Loan Party shall provide the Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and the Lenders and other Secured Parties, such access rights, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to any parcel or item or other property of such Loan Party and each Subsidiary which is reasonably necessary to enable the Administrative Agent during normal 

98 

business hours to: (i) in the event a Borrower manufactures inventory, convert Collateral consisting of raw materials and work-in-process into saleable finished goods and/or to transport such Collateral to a point where such conversion can occur (to the extent applicable), (ii) otherwise prepare Collateral for sale and/or to arrange or effect the sale of Collateral, all in accordance with the manner in which such matters are completed in the ordinary course of business (such Property, the Collateral-Related Property ); provided however that, to the extent any such Collateral-Related Property consists of leasehold interests or other items or property which are not owned by a Loan Party, Loan Parties shall only be required herein to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such access rights. Subject to applicable law and/or the applicable Collateral Access Agreements, Administrative Agent and its agents, representatives and designees shall have an irrevocable, non-exclusive right to have access to, and a rent-free right to use, the relevant Collateral-Related Property of the Loan Parties for the purposes described above. The Administrative Agent shall take proper and reasonable care under the circumstances of any Collateral-Related Property that is used by the Administrative Agent and repair and replace any damage (ordinary wear-and-tear excepted) caused by the Administrative Agent or its agents, representatives or designees and the Administrative Agent shall comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and applicable Collateral Access Agreements in connection with its use or occupancy or possession of the Collateral-Related Property. The Administrative Agent shall indemnify and hold harmless the Loan Parties for any injury or damage to Persons or property (ordinary wear-and-tear excepted) caused by the acts or omissions of Persons under its control; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the other Secured Parties will not be liable for any diminution in the value of Collateral-Related Property caused by the absence of the Collateral therefrom. The Loan Parties shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to, sell, remove or dispose of any of the Collateral-Related Property if such Collateral-Related Property is reasonably necessary to enable the Administrative Agent to convert, transport or arrange to sell the Collateral as described above, unless the Administrative Agent shall have approved satisfactory replacement arrangements in relation to the rights and remedies of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent in respect of Collateral affected by any proposed sale, removal or disposition as evidenced by the prior written confirmation thereof by the Administrative Agent delivered to the Borrower Representative. 

Article III Representations and Warranties 

Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 
 Section 3.01 Organization; Powers . Each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business, and is in good standing, in every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. 

Section 3.02 Authorization; Enforceability . The Transactions are within each Loan Party s organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders. Each Loan Document to which each Loan Party is a party has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

Section 3.03 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts . The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, 

99 

except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except for filings necessary to perfect Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents, (b) will not violate any Requirement of Law applicable to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or the assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent such violation, default, or payment, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, except Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents. 

Section 3.04 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change . (a) The Company has heretofore furnished to the Lenders its consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2018, reported on by Deloitte Touche, independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended April 30, 2018, certified by its chief financial officer. Such financial state ments present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above. 

(b) No event, change or condition has occurred that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect, since January 31, 2018. 

Section 3.05 Properties . (a) As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, Exhibit A of the applicable Security Agreements sets forth the address of each parcel of real property that is owned or leased by any Loan Party. Each of such leases and subleases is valid and enforceable in accordance with its terms and is in full force and effect, and no default by any party to any such lease or sublease exists, except to the extent the failure of the foregoing to be true could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Loan Parties and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries has good and indefeasible title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of its material real and personal property, free of all Liens other than those permitted by Section 6.02. 

(b) (i) Each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents, industrial designs and other intellectual property necessary to its business as currently conducted, and, except to the extent such infringement would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the use thereof by each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary does not infringe in any respect upon the rights of any other Person; and (ii) each Loan Party s and each Restricted Subsidiary s rights thereto are not subject to any licensing agreement or similar arrangement (other than (A) restrictions relating to software licenses that may limit such Loan Party s ability to transfer or assign any such agreement to a third party and (B) licensing agreements or similar agreements that do not materially impair the ability of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to avail themselves of their rights of disposal and other rights granted under the Collateral Documents in respect of Inventory), provided that the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a copy of each such agreement, at least ten (10) Business Days in advance of the effectiveness thereof, that may impair such ability of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders. 

Section 3.06 Litigation and Environmental Matters . (a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, pending or threatened against or affecting any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could 

100 

reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters) or (ii) that involve any Loan Document or the Transactions. 

(b) Except for the Disclosed Matters and any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (i) no Loan Party or any Subsidiary has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (B) has incurred any Environmental Liability, (C) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (D) has knowledge of any Environmental Liability. 

Section 3.07 Compliance with Laws and Agreements; No Default . Except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary is in compliance with (i) all Requirement of Law applicable to it or its property and (ii) all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property. No Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

Section 3.08 Investment Company Status . No Loan Party or any Subsidiary is or is required to register as an investment company as such term is defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Section 3.09 Taxes . Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary has timely filed or caused to be filed all federal, state, provincial, local and foreign income and franchise and other material Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Tax liens have been filed and no claims are being asserted with respect to any such Taxes in an aggregate amount in excess of 5,000,000. 

Section 3.10 ERISA; Canadian Pension Plans . 

(a) Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur, (ii) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA and (iii) on the Third Amendment Effective Date, the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Accounting Standards Topic No. 715) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair value of the assets of such Plan, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans that are subject to Title IV of ERISA (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Accounting Standards Topic No. 715) did not, as of the date or dates of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair value of the assets of all such underfunded Plans. 

(b) Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, with respect to any Foreign Plan, (i) all employer and employee contributions required by law or by the terms of the Foreign Plan have been made, or, if applicable, accrued, in accordance with normal accounting practices; (ii) the fair market value of the assets of each funded Foreign Plan, the liability of each insurer for any Foreign Plan funded through insurance, or the book reserve established for any Foreign Plan, together with any accrued contributions, is not less than 80 of the accrued benefit obligations with respect to all current and former participants in such Foreign Plan according to the actuarial assumptions and valuations most recently used to account for such obligations in accordance with 

101 

applicable generally accepted accounting principles; and (iii) it has been registered as required and has been maintained in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities. 

(c) Schedule 3.10 lists as of the Third Amendment Effective Date all Canadian Benefit Plans currently maintained or contributed to by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries. As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, there are no Canadian Pension Plans. Each hereafter adopted Canadian Pension Plans shall be duly registered under the ITA and all other applicable laws which require registration. Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Loan Party and each of their Subsidiaries has complied with and performed all of its obligations under and in respect of the Canadian Pension Plans, if any, and Canadian Benefit Plans under the terms thereof, any funding agreements and all applicable laws (including any fiduciary, funding, investment and administration obligations), (ii) all employer and employee payments, contributions or premiums to be remitted, paid to or in respect of each Canadian Pension Plan, if any, or Canadian Benefit Plan have been paid in a timely fashion in accordance with the terms thereof, any funding agreement and all applicable laws, (iii) there have been no improper withdrawals or applications of the assets of the Canadian Pension Plans, if any, or the Canadian Benefit Plans, and (iv) no facts or circumstances have occurred or existed that have resulted, or could be reasonably anticipated to result, in the declaration of a termination of any Canadian Pension Plan, if any, by any Governmental Authority under applicable laws except where such facts or circumstances could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No promises of benefit improvements under the Canadian Pension Plans, if any, or the Canadian Benefit Plans have been made except where such improvement could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no outstanding disputes concerning the assets of the Canadian Pension Plans, if any, or the Canadian Benefit Plans which could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party maintains or contributes to or is liable under, or has in the past maintained or contributed to or been liable under, any Canadian Defined Benefit Plans. 

Section 3.11 Disclosure . 

(a) The Loan Parties have disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. All reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) other than projections, other forward-looking information and information of a general economic or industry specific nature, when taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time delivered and, if such projected financial information was delivered prior to the Effective Date, as of the Effective Date (it being understood that the projections are subject to inherent uncertainties and contingencies, which may be outside the control of any Loan Party and that no assurances can be given that such projected financial information will be realized). 

(b) As of the Effective Date, the information included in any Lender s Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all respects. 

Section 3.12 Reserved . 

102 

Section 3.13 Solvency . (a) Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Effective Date, (i) the fair value of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, at a fair valuation, will exceed its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (iii) the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; (iv) the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which they are engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted after the Effective Date; and (v) no Canadian Loan Party shall be an insolvent person as such term is defined in the BIA. 

(b) No Loan Party intends to, nor will permit any Subsidiary to, and no Loan Party believes that it or any Subsidiary will, incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature, taking into account the timing of and amounts of cash to be received by it or any such Subsidiary and the timing of the amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its Indebtedness or the Indebtedness of any such Subsidiary. 

Section 3.14 Insurance . Exhibit E of the Security Agreement sets forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries as of the Third Amendment Effective Date. As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, all premiums in respect of such insurance have been paid. Each Borrower maintains, and has caused each Restricted Subsidiary to maintain, with insurance companies with an AM Best rating of A- or better, insurance on all their real and personal property in such amounts, subject to such deductibles and self-insurance retentions and covering such properties and risks as are adequate and customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 

Section 3.15 Capitalization and Subsidiaries . Schedule 3.15 sets forth (a) a correct and complete list of the name and relationship to the Company of each and all of the Company s Subsidiaries, (b) a true and complete listing of each class of authorized Equity Interests owned by the Company or any Subsidiary in each Subsidiary, all of which issued Equity Interests are validly issued, outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable, and owned beneficially and of record by the Persons identified on Schedule 3.15 , (c) the type of entity of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and (d) whether any such Subsidiary is a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary. All of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests owned by any Loan Party have been (to the extent such concepts are relevant with respect to such ownership interests) duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non assessable. As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, there are no outstanding stock purchase warrants, subscriptions, options, securities, instruments or other rights of any type or nature whatsoever, which are convertible into, exchangeable for or otherwise provide for or permit the issuance of capital stock of any Subsidiary of the Company. 

Section 3.16 Security Interest in Collateral . The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents create legal and valid Liens on all of the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), securing the Secured Obligations and, constitute perfected and continuing Liens on the Collateral (to the extent such Liens can be perfected by possession, by filing a UCC or PPSA financing statement or equivalent under each applicable jurisdiction, or by a control agreement), securing the applicable Secured Obligations, enforceable against the applicable Loan Party, and having priority over all other Liens on the Collateral except in the case of (x) Liens permitted by Section 6.02, to the extent any such Liens would have priority over the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to any applicable law or an agreement permitted hereunder, (y) Liens perfected only by possession (including possession of any certificate of title) to the extent the Administrative Agent has not obtained or does not maintain possession of such Collateral and (z) Liens 

103 

perfected only by control, filing or recording to the extent that the Administrative Agent has not obtained control or has not recorded such Lien. 

Section 3.17 Employment Matters . Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) there are no strikes, lockouts, slowdowns or any other labor disputes against the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, (ii) the hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 or any other applicable federal, state, provincial, municipal, local or foreign law dealing with such matters and (iii) all payments due from the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, or for which any claim may be made against the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the Company or such Subsidiary to the extent required under GAAP. The consummation of the Transactions does not give rise to any right of termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement to which the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary is bound. 

Section 3.18 Federal Reserve Regulations . No part of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit has been used or will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. 

Section 3.19 Reserved . 

Section 3.20 No Burdensome Restrictions . No Loan Party is subject to any Burdensome Restrictions except Burdensome Restrictions permitted under Section 6.10. 

Section 3.21 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions; Etc. The Company has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by each Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws. applicable Sanctions, and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, and each Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors and, to the knowledge of the Company, its employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective officers, or (b) to the knowledge of any such Loan Party or Subsidiary, any of their respective directors, employees or agents of such Loan Party or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds, Transaction or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will violate Anti-Corruption Laws, applicable Sanctions, or anti-money laundering rules and regulations. 

Section 3.22 Common Enterprise . The successful operation and condition of each of the Loan Parties is dependent on the continued successful performance of the functions of the group of the Loan Parties as a whole and the successful operation of each of the Loan Parties is dependent on the successful performance and operation of each other Loan Party. Each Loan Party expects to derive benefit (and its board of directors or other governing body has determined that it may reasonably be expected to derive benefit), directly and indirectly, from (i) successful operations of each of the other Loan Parties and (ii) the credit extended by the Lenders to the Borrowers hereunder, both in their separate capacities and as members of the group of companies. Each Loan Party has determined that execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and any other Loan Documents to be executed by such Loan Party is within its purpose, in furtherance of its direct and/or indirect business interests, will be of direct and/or indirect benefit to such Loan Party, and is in its best interest. 

104 

Section 3.23 Credit Card Agreements . Schedule 3.2 3 (as updated from time to time as permitted by Section 5.17 sets forth a list of all Credit Card Agreements to which any Loan Party is a party. A true and complete copy of each Credit Card Agreement listed on Schedule 3.2 3 has been delivered to the Administrative Agent, together with all material amendments, waivers and other modifications thereto; provided that the Loan Parties shall deliver any such amendment, waiver or other modification to the Administrative Agent within thirty days after the effectiveness of such amendment, waiver or other modification (or as such time may be extended in writing in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion). All such Credit Card Agreements are in full force and effect, currently binding upon each Loan Party that is a party thereto and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, binding upon other parties thereto in accordance with their terms. The Loan Parties are in compliance in all material respects with each such Credit Card Agreement. 

Section 3.24 EEA Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an EEA Financial Institution. 

Article IV Conditions 

Section 4.01 Effective Date . The Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in full as set forth herein effective on the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02): 

(a) Credit Agreement and Other Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) from each party hereto either (A) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile or other electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement, (ii) either (A) a counterpart of each other Loan Document signed on behalf of each party thereto or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile or other electronic transmission of a signed signature page thereof) that each such party has signed a counterpart of such Loan Document and (iii) such other certificates, documents, instruments and agreements as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including any promissory notes requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10 payable to each such requesting Lender, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

(b) Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have received a written opinion of (i) Drinker Biddle Reath LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties (together with, where not covered by such opinion, opinions of local counsel where each Loan Party is organized), and (ii) Dentons Canada LLP, counsel to the Canadian Loan Parties together with, where not covered by such opinion, opinions of local counsel where each Canadian Loan Party is organized, has its chief executive office or registered office or maintains any Collateral), in each case addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

(c) Financial Statements and Projections . The Lenders shall have received (i) audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2018, (ii) unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of each fiscal quarter ended after the date of the latest applicable financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph as to which such financial statements are available, and such financial statements shall not, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, reflect any material adverse change in the consolidated financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as reflected in the audited consolidated financial statements described in clause (i) of this 

105 

paragraph, and (iii) the Company s most recent projected income statement, balance sheet and cash flows through the end of the Company s fiscal year ending January 2021. 

(d) Closing Certificates; Certified Certificate of Incorporation; Good Standing Certificates . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Effective Date and executed by its Secretary or Assistant Secretary, which shall (A) certify the resolutions of its Board of Directors, members or other body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the Responsible Officers of such Loan Party authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Company, its Financial Officer, and (C) contain appropriate attachments, including the certificate or articles of incorporation or organization of each Loan Party certified by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party and a true and correct copy of its by laws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents and (ii) a good standing certificate for (A) each Loan Party from its jurisdiction of organization or the substantive equivalent available in the jurisdiction of organization for each Loan Party and (B) URBN Canada from the jurisdiction(s) that its registered office and chief executive office is located, in each case, from the appropriate governmental officer in such jurisdiction. 

(e) Collateral and Guaranty Requirement . Subject to Section 5.18, the Collateral and Guaranty Requirement shall have been satisfied with respect to all Designated Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date. 

(f) No Default Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, signed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative, dated as of the Effective Date (i) stating that no Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) stating that the representations and warranties contained in Article III are true and correct as of such date (or if qualified by materiality and Material Adverse Effect or similar language, in all respects (after giving effect to such qualification)) and (iii) certifying as to any other factual matters as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 

(g) Fees . The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid, and all expenses for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel), on or before the Effective Date. 

(h) Lien Searches . The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of a recent lien search in each jurisdiction where the Loan Parties are organized and where a material portion of the assets of the Loan Parties are located, and such search shall reveal no Liens on any of the assets of the Loan Parties except for Liens permitted by Section 6.02 or to be discharged on or prior to the Effective Date pursuant to a pay-off letter or other documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(i) [Reserved] . 

(j) Funding Account . The Administrative Agent shall have received a notice setting forth the Funding Accounts to which the Administrative Agent is authorized by the Borrowers to transfer the proceeds of any Borrowings requested or authorized pursuant to this Agreement. 

(k) Customer List . The Administrative Agent shall have received a true and complete customer list for each Borrower and its Subsidiaries with respect to each Eligible Trade Account, which list shall state the customer s name, mailing address and phone number (or, in the alternative, email address) and shall be certified as true and correct by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative. 

(l) Control Agreements . Subject to Section 5.18, the Administrative Agent shall have received each Control Agreement required to be provided pursuant to the Security Agreements. 

106 

(m) Credit Card Notifications . The Administrative Agent shall have received copies of duly executed Credit Card Notifications with respect to all Eligible Credit Card Accounts. 

(n) Solvency . The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, from a Financial Officer of the Company dated the Effective Date. 

(o) Borrowing Base Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Base Certificate which calculates each Borrowing Base as of the end of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the Effective Date. 

(p) Closing Availability . After giving effect to all Borrowings to be made on the Effective Date, the issuance of any Letters of Credit on the Effective Date, including the deemed issuance of Existing Letters of Credit, and the payment of all fees and expenses due hereunder, and with all of the Loan Parties Indebtedness (other than Specified L/C Obligations), liabilities, and obligations current (excluding, in each case, current accounts payable to the extent excluded from Indebtedness), Aggregate Availability shall not be less than 125 , 000 ,000. 

(q) Pledged Equity Interests; Stock Powers; Pledged Notes . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) the certificates representing the Equity Interests pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement, together with an undated stock power for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof and (ii) each promissory note (if any) pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by an executed transfer form in blank) by the pledgor thereof. 

(r) Filings, Registrations and Recordings . Each document (including any UCC financing statement) required by the Collateral Documents or under law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of itself, the Lenders and the other Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 6.02), shall be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation and each PPSA financing statement and deed of movable hypothec shall have been filed or registered and the Administrative Agent shall have received certified or verified filed or registered copies thereof. 

(s) Insurance . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence of insurance coverage in form, scope, and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and otherwise in compliance with the terms of Section 5.10 hereof. 

(t) Letter of Credit Application . If a Letter of Credit is requested to be issued on the Effective Date, the applicable Issuing Bank shall have received a properly completed letter of credit application (whether standalone or pursuant to a master agreement, as applicable). The Borrowers shall have executed the Issuing Bank s master agreement for the issuance of commercial Letters of Credit. 

(u) Tax Withholding . The Administrative Agent shall have received a properly completed and signed IRS Form W- 8 or W- 9 , as applicable, for each Loan Party. 

(v) Corporate Structure . The corporate structure, capital structure and other material debt instruments, material accounts and governing documents of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

107 

(w) Field Examination . The Administrative Agent or its designee shall have conducted a field examination of the Borrowers Accounts, Credit Card Accounts, Inventory and related working capital matters and of the Borrowers related data processing and other systems, the results of which shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(x) Legal Due Diligence . The Administrative Agent and its counsel shall have completed all legal due diligence, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Administrative Agent. 

(y) Inventory Appraisal(s) . The Administrative Agent shall have received an appraisal of the Borrowers Inventory from one or more firms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which appraisal shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(z) USA PATRIOT Act, Etc . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received (i) all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and AML Legislation, for each Loan Party and (ii) to the extent any Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification for such Lender in relation to such Borrowers . 

The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrowers, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 Section 4.02 Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of the Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(a) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (provided that such materiality qualifications shall not apply in respect of any Borrowing and issuance or deemed issuance of a Letter of Credit under this Agreement on the Effective Date) with the same effect as though made on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable (it being understood and agreed that (i) any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, (ii) any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects, (iii) any representation or warranty which is no longer true and correct to the extent resulting from changes after the Effective Date from any actions, sales, mergers, amalgamations, acquisitions, dispositions or other transactions permitted under this Agreement shall have been updated by delivery by the Company to the Administrative Agent of updated disclosure schedules reflecting such changes upon the request of the Administrative Agent, not more frequently than quarterly and (iv) any representation or warranty in Section 3.15 which is no longer true and correct to the extent resulting from changes after the Effective Date from any actions, sales, mergers, amalgamations, acquisitions, dispositions or other transactions permitted under this Agreement shall have been updated by delivery by the Company to the Administrative Agent of an updated Schedule 3.15 reflecting such changes); 

(b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and 

(c) After giving effect to any Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit, the Borrowers shall be in compliance with the Revolving Exposure Limitations. 

108 

Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrowers on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) , (b) , and (c) of this Section. 
 Notwithstanding the failure to satisfy the conditions precedent set forth in paragraphs (a) or (b) of this Section, unless otherwise directed by the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, but shall have no obligation to, continue to make Loans and an Issuing Bank may, but shall have no obligation to, issue, amend, renew or extend, or cause to be issued, amended, renewed or extended, any Letter of Credit for the ratable account and risk of the Lenders from time to time if the Administrative Agent believes that making such Loans or issuing, amending, renewing or extending, or causing the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of, any such Letter of Credit is in the best interests of the Lenders. 
 Article V Affirmative Covenants 

Until the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under any Loan Document (other than contingent or indemnity obligations for which no claim has been made) shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or have been Cash Collateralized pursuant to the terms hereof or terminated, in each case without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, each Loan Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lenders that: 
 Section 5.01 Financial Statements; Borrowing Bases and Other Information . The Borrower Representative will furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to each Lender: 

(a) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, accompanied by any management letter prepared by said accountants; 

(b) within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer of the Company as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 

(c) during any period (i) commencing on the date when Aggregate Availability is less than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level II) and (ii) ending on the date when Aggregate Availability shall have been equal to or greater than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level II) for a period of 60 consecutive days, within 30 days after the end of each fiscal month of the Company, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal month and 

109 

the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer of the Company as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 

(d) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a), (b) or (c) above, a Compliance Certificate, which shall (i) when delivered concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements delivered under clause (b) or (c), certify that such financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes, (ii) certify as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (iii) set forth reasonably detailed calculations of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (whether or not required to be tested pursuant to Section 6.12) and, if applicable, demonstrating compliance with Section 6.12, and (iv) state whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate, (v) set forth the full legal name of each Loan Party and its jurisdiction of organization, and describe whether, since the later of the Effective Date and the date of the last Compliance Certificate, any such Loan Party shall have (A) changed its name as it appears in official filings in the state of incorporation or organization, (B) changed its chief executive office, (C) changed the type of entity that it is, (D) change its organization identification number, if any, issued by its state of incorporation or other organization, or (E) changed its state of incorporation or organization; 

(e) Reserved; 

(f) no later than sixty (60) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, a copy of the plan and forecast (including a projected consolidated balance sheet, income statement and funds flow statement) of the Company for each quarter (or each month, if requested by the Administrative Agent) of such fiscal year (the Projections in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

(g) on or before each Borrowing Base Reporting Date, a Borrowing Base Certificate setting forth a computation of each Borrowing Base as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter, fiscal month or week, as applicable, to which such Borrowing Base Reporting Date relates, together with supporting information and any additional reports with respect to each Borrowing Base that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (including, in respect of any Borrowing Base Certificate delivered for a month which is also the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company, a calculation of Average Quarterly Availability for such quarter then ended and an indication of what the Applicable Rate is as a result of such Average Quarterly Availability); 

(h) on or before each Borrowing Base Reporting Date, the following information as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter, fiscal month or week, as applicable, to which such Borrowing Base Reporting Date relates, all delivered electronically in a text formatted file in form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent: 

(i) (A) a detailed aging of the Borrowers Accounts, including all invoices aged by invoice date and due date (with an explanation of the terms offered), prepared in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, together with a summary specifying the name, address, and balance due for each Account Debtor and (B) a detailed aging of the Borrowers Credit Card 

110 

Accounts (1) including aging by each credit card issuer and credit card processor and (2) reconciled to the Borrowing Base Certificate delivered as of such date, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, together with a summary specifying the balance due from each credit card issuer or credit card processor; 

(ii) a schedule detailing the Borrowers Inventory, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (1) by location (showing Inventory in transit, any Inventory located with a third party under any consignment, bailee arrangement, or warehouse agreement), by class (raw material, work-in-process and finished goods) and by volume on hand, which Inventory shall be valued at the lower of average cost or market, determined utilizing the retail method as appropriate, and adjusted for Reserves as the Administrative Agent has previously indicated to the Borrower Representative are deemed by the Administrative Agent to be appropriate in its Permitted Discretion, and (2) including a report of any variances or other results of Inventory counts performed by the Borrowers since the last Inventory schedule (including information regarding sales or other reductions, additions, returns, credits issued by Borrowers and complaints and claims made against the Borrowers); 

(iii) a worksheet of calculations prepared by the Borrowers to determine Eligible Credit Card Accounts, Eligible Trade Accounts and Eligible Inventory, such worksheets detailing the Credit Card Accounts, Accounts and Inventory excluded from Eligible Credit Card Accounts, Eligible Trade Accounts and Eligible Inventory and the reason for such exclusion; 

(iv) a reconciliation of the Borrowers Credit Card Accounts, Accounts and Inventory between (A) the amounts shown in the Borrowers general ledger and financial statements and the reports delivered pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above and (B) the amounts and dates shown in the reports delivered pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above and the Borrowing Base Certificate delivered pursuant to clause (g) above as of such date; and 

(v) a schedule and aging of the Loan Parties accounts payable as of the quarter then ended, delivered electronically in a text formatted file in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; 

(i) within 30 days (as such time period may be extended in writing by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) of each March 31 and September 30, an updated customer list for each Borrower with respect to each Eligible Trade Account, which list shall state the customer s name, mailing address and phone number, delivered electronically in a text formatted file acceptable to the Administrative Agent and certified as true and correct by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative; 

(j) promptly upon the Administrative Agent s request: 

(i) a schedule detailing the balance of all intercompany accounts of the Loan Parties; and 

(ii) such other information as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request; 

(k) concurrent with any field exam permitted under Section 5.06 (or at such other times as agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Company), the Borrower Representative shall provide notice to the Administrative Agent of any removal or addition of any credit card issuer or credit card processor to the extent that (i) in the case of a removal, Credit Card Accounts of such credit card issuer or credit card processor were included in any previous Borrowing Base or (ii) in the case of an addition, the Borrower 

111 

Representative desires to include the Credit Card Accounts of such credit card issuer or credit card processor in each Borrowing Base, and concurrently with any such notice of an addition, the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent (A) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that a Credit Card Notification shall have been delivered to such credit card issuer or credit card processor, (B) a true and complete copy of each Credit Card Agreement with respect thereto, together with all material amendments, waivers and other modifications thereto, and (C) such other information with respect thereto as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent; for the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, no Credit Card Accounts of an added credit card issuer or credit card processor may be included in any Borrowing Base until a field exam with respect thereto has been completed; 

(l) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Company or any Subsidiary with the SEC, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Company to its shareholders generally, as the case may be; 

(m) promptly after any request therefor by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of (i) any documents described in Section 101(k)(1) of ERISA that any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, (ii) any notices described in Section 101(l)(1) of ERISA that any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan and (iii) the annual funding notice, as described in Section 101(f) of ERISA; provided that, with respect to the notices described in (i) or (ii), if a Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan, the applicable Borrower or the applicable ERISA Affiliate shall promptly make a request for such documents and notices from such administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly after receipt thereof; 

(n) within five (5) Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative has knowledge of the production or the receipt by a Loan Party thereof, copies of any material environmental reports produced by or on behalf of any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary; and 

(o) promptly following any request therefor, (x) such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request and (y) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. 

The Borrower Representative shall be deemed to have furnished to the Administrative Agent the financial statements and certificates required to be delivered pursuant to Sections 5.01(a) and (b) and the reports and other material required by Section 5.01(l) upon the filing of such financial statements or material by the Company through the SEC s EDGAR system (or any successor electronic gathering system) or the publication by the Company of such financial statements on its website, so long as such system or website is publicly available; provided that, at the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the Borrower Representative shall promptly deliver electronic or paper copies of such filings together with all accompanying exhibits, attachments, calculations, or other supporting documentation included with such filing. 
 Section 5.02 Notices of Material Events . The Borrower Representative will furnish to the Administrative Agent prompt (but in any event within any time period after such Responsible Officer has such knowledge that may be specified below) written notice of the following: 

112 

(a) within two (2) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative or any other Borrower of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; 

(b) within two (2) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative or any other Borrower of the receipt by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any notice of any investigation by a Governmental Authority or any litigation or proceeding commenced or threatened against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary that, individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(c) within two (2) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative or any other Borrower of the receipt by any Loan Party or Subsidiary of any Lien or claim made or asserted against any of the Collateral having an aggregate value in excess of 5,000,000, excluding from the scope of this clause (c) Permitted Encumbrances other than income tax Liens of the type referred to in clause (a)(ii) of Permitted Encumbrances to the extent exceeding 1,000,000 individually or in the aggregate; 

(d) within five (5) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative or any other Borrower of the occurrence of any loss, damage, or destruction to the Collateral having a value in the amount of 7, 500 , 000 or more, whether or not covered by insurance; 

(e) within ten (10) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative or any other Borrower of the receipt by any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary thereof, any default notices received under or with respect to any leased location or public warehouse where Collateral in the amount of 7,500,000 or more is located; 

(f) promptly after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative of the occurrence of any ERISA Event or breach of any representation made in Section 3.10; 

(g) within five (5) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative of the occurrence of any default or event of default under a Specified L/C Facility or any other event that requires, or enables any issuing bank under the Specified L/C Facility to require, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to provide cash collateral for all or any portion of any Specified L/C Obligations; 

(h) within two (2) Business Days after the occurrence thereof, the occurrence of any default or event of default under any Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness or receipt of any notice asserting a default or event of default thereunder (together with a copy of such notice); 

(i) (A) within five (5) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative (1) of the occurrence of any default or event of default by any Person under any Credit Card Agreement relating to Credit Cards Accounts contained in any Borrowing Base, (2) the establishment of, or receipt by any Borrower of a notice of any proposed establishment of, a reserve or reserve account (or similar concept), whether in the form of an actual deposit account, book entry or otherwise, in connection with any Credit Card Agreement for the purposes of securing all or any portion of any Borrower s existing or potential obligations to the applicable credit card issuer or processor under such Credit Card Agreement, or (3) that any credit card issuer, credit card processor or debit card or mall card issuer or provider with respect to Credit Card Accounts ceases to meet the requirements of clause (f) of the definition of Eligible Credit Card Accounts and (B) on and at the time of submission to the Administrative Agent of the Borrowing Base Certificate after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative has knowledge that any Borrower has entered into a material amendment, waiver or other modification of a Credit Card Agreement applicable to any Credit Card Account included in any Borrowing Base; 

113 

(j) within five (5) Business Days after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative of the filing of any Lien with respect to any delinquent Taxes in excess of 2,500,000; and 

(k) promptly after knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative or any other Borrower of any other development that results, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 Section 5.03 Existence; Conduct of Business . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, (a) do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect (i) its legal existence and (ii) except to the extent failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, franchises, governmental authorizations, intellectual property rights, licenses and permits with respect to the conduct of its business, and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted, provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, liquidation, dissolution, disposition or other transaction permitted under Section 6.03, and (b) carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in fields of enterprise consistent with the provisions of Section 6.03(b). 

Section 5.04 Payment of Obligations . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, pay or discharge all Material Indebtedness and all other material liabilities and obligations, including Taxes, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) such Loan Party or Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (it being acknowledged that if any of the Collateral in an aggregate amount of 5,000,000 or more would become subject to forfeiture or loss as a result of the contest, then such failure to make payment would be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect). 

Section 5.05 Maintenance of Properties . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.06 Books and Records; Inspection Rights . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (a) keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct (in all material respects) entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities and (b) permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (including employees of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any consultants, accountants and agents retained by the Administrative Agent), as and when determined by the Administrative Agent, upon reasonable prior notice and during normal business hours, to visit and inspect its properties, to conduct at such Loan Party s premises field examinations of such Loan Party s assets, liabilities, books and records, including examining and making extracts from its books and records, environmental assessment reports and Phase I or Phase II studies, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested; provided , however , that, (i) so long as at all times during the most recent 12-month period then ending no Revolving Loans are outstanding and the LC Exposure is less than 35, 000 , 000 , the Loan Parties shall not be required to pay the fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent and such professionals with respect to any such examinations and evaluations 

114 

conducted during such 12-month period and (ii) otherwise, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, only one such field examination per 12-month period shall be at the expense of the Loan Parties; provided further that one additional field examination per 12-month period may be done at the expense of the Loan Parties if Aggregate Availability is at any time during the most recent 12-month period then ending less than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level V). For the avoidance of doubt, all such examinations and evaluations conducted after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default shall be at the expense of the Loan Parties, and it is understood that the election to conduct or not conduct any examinations and evaluations is in the discretion of the Administrative Agent. Each Loan Party acknowledges that the Administrative Agent, after exercising its rights of inspection, may prepare and distribute to the Lenders certain Reports pertaining to such Loan Party s assets for internal use by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 

Section 5.07 Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, (i) comply with each Requirement of Law applicable to it or its property (including without limitation Environmental Laws) except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) perform in all material respects its obligations under material agreements to which it is a party, except (A) where the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, or (B) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, applicable Sanctions, and anti-money laundering rules and regulations. 

Section 5.08 Use of Proceeds . 

(a) The proceeds of the Loans and the Letters of Credit will be used only for general corporate purposes and working capital needs of the Borrowers (including for Investments, Permitted Acquisitions, Capital Expenditures and Restricted Payments), subject to the restrictions otherwise set forth in this Agreement. No part of the proceeds of any Loan and no Letter of Credit will be used, whether directly or indirectly, (i) for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X or (ii) to make any Acquisition other than Permitted Acquisitions. 

(b) No Borrower will request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and no Borrower shall, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary or other Person, (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or anti-money laundering rules and regulations, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (c) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 

Section 5.09 Accuracy of Information . The Loan Parties will ensure that any information, including financial statements or other documents, furnished to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder contains no material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and the furnishing of such information shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrowers on the date thereof as to the matters specified in this Section 5.09; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Loan Parties will only ensure that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time delivered (it being 

115 

understood that the projections are subject to inherent uncertainties and contingencies, which may be outside the control of any Loan Party and that no assurances can be given that such projected financial information will be realized). 

Section 5.10 Insurance . 

(a) Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, maintain with financially sound and reputable carriers having a financial strength rating of at least A- by A.M. Best Company insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against such risks (including, without limitation: loss or damage by fire and loss in transit; theft, burglary, pilferage, larceny, embezzlement, and other criminal activities; business interruption; and general liability) and such other hazards, as is customarily maintained by companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. The Borrowers will furnish to the Lenders, upon request of the Administrative Agent, information in reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained. All insurance policies required hereunder shall name the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties) as an additional insured or as lender loss payee, as applicable, and shall contain lender loss payable clauses, through endorsements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which provide that: (i) all proceeds thereunder with respect to any Collateral shall be payable to the Administrative Agent; (ii) no such insurance shall be affected by any act or neglect of the insured or owner of the property described in such policy; and (iii) such policy and lender loss payable clauses may be canceled, amended, or terminated only upon at least thirty (30) days prior written notice given to the Administrative Agent. 

(b) In the event any Collateral is located in any area that has been designated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a Special Flood Hazard Area , such Loan Party shall purchase and maintain flood insurance on such Collateral (including any personal property which is located on any real property leased by such Loan Party within a Special Flood Hazard Area ). The amount of flood insurance required by this Section shall at a minimum comply with applicable law, including the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended. 

(c) All premiums on any such insurance shall be paid when due by such Loan Party, and copies of the policies delivered to the Administrative Agent. If such Loan Party fails to obtain any insurance as required by this Section, the Administrative Agent may obtain such insurance at the Loan Parties expense. By purchasing such insurance, the Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have waived any Default arising from the Loan Parties failure to maintain such insurance or pay any premiums therefor. 

Section 5.11 Casualty and Condemnation . The Borrowers will (a) furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prompt written notice of any casualty or other insured damage to any material portion of the Collateral or any material portion of the Inventory included in any Borrowing Base or the commencement of any action or proceeding for the taking of any material portion of the Collateral or interest therein under power of eminent domain or by condemnation, expropriation or similar proceeding and (b) ensure that the Net Proceeds of any such event (whether in the form of insurance proceeds, condemnation or expropriation awards or otherwise) are collected and applied in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents. 

Section 5.12 Appraisals . At any time that the Administrative Agent requests, the Borrower Representative will cause an appraiser selected and engaged by the Administrative Agent to provide the Administrative Agent with appraisals or updates thereof of the Loan Parties Inventory, such appraisals and updates to be prepared on a basis satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and to include, without limitation, information required by any applicable Requirement of Law; provided , however , that, (a) so long as at all times during the most recent 12-month period then ending no Revolving Loans are outstanding and the LC 

116 

Exposure is less than 35, 000 , 000 , the Loan Parties shall not be required to pay the fees and expenses with respect to any such appraisals conducted during such 12-month period and (b) otherwise, if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, only one such appraisal of Inventory per 12-month period shall be at the expense of the Loan Parties; provided further that (x) one additional appraisal of Inventory per 12-month period shall be at the expense of the Loan Parties if Aggregate Availability is at any time during the most recent 12-month period then ending less than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level V), and (y) in addition to the foregoing, an additional appraisal of Inventory shall be at the expense of the Loan Parties if requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with a change in the Borrowers inventory costing methodology following the Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, all such appraisals conducted after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default shall be at the expense of the Loan Parties, and it is understood that the election to conduct or not conduct any appraisals is in the discretion of the Administrative Agent. 

Section 5.13 Depository Banks . The Loan Parties will maintain, and will cause their respective Domestic Subsidiaries to maintain, with the Administrative Agent or one or more Lenders acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion as their principal depository bank, including for the maintenance of operating, administrative, cash management, collection activity, and other Deposit Accounts for the conduct of their business; provided that the Loan Parties and their respective Domestic Subsidiaries shall not be required to satisfy the foregoing requirement with respect to any Deposit Account (i) that is an Excluded Account or an Excluded Asset or (ii) with respect to which the applicable Loan Parties have entered into a Control Agreement in accordance with the applicable Security Agreement and Section 5.14, as applicable, in favor of the Administrative Agent. 

Section 5.14 Additional Collateral; Further Assurances . (a) Subject to (x) applicable law and (y) satisfactory compliance with each Lender s know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations and related diligence as required by each Lender, each Borrower and each Loan Party will cause (i) each Domestic Subsidiary that is a Designated Subsidiary formed or acquired after the date of this Agreement or that becomes a Designated Subsidiary after the Effective Date in accordance with the terms of this Agreement within 30 days (in each case, as such time may be extended in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion) to become a U.S. Borrower (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Foreign Subsidiary) or a U.S. Guarantor pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and other documents) that are required under the Collateral Documents or this Agreement to cause the Collateral and Guaranty Requirement to be satisfied with respect to such Designated Subsidiary and (ii) each Canadian Subsidiary that is a Designated Subsidiary formed or acquired after the date of this Agreement or that becomes a Designated Subsidiary after the Effective Date in accordance with the terms of this Agreement within 30 days (in each case, as such time may be extended in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion) to become a Canadian Borrower or a Canadian Guarantor pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and other documents) that are required under the Collateral Documents or this Agreement to cause the Collateral and Guaranty Requirement to be satisfied with respect to such Designated Subsidiary. Upon execution and delivery thereof, each such Person (i) shall automatically become a Borrower or Guarantor, as applicable hereunder and thereupon shall have all of the rights, benefits, duties, and obligations in such capacity under the Loan Documents and (ii) will grant Liens to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the applicable Secured Parties, in any property of such Loan Party which constitutes Collateral, under the applicable Security Agreement. 

(b) The Loan Parties will execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements, fixture filings, and other documents) which may be required by any Requirement of Law or which the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, reasonably request, to cause the Collateral and Guaranty Requirement to be and remain satisfied at all times. The Loan Parties also agree to provide to the 

117 

Administrative Agent, from time to time upon reasonable request, evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent as to the perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, until an opinion of local counsel, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, is received by the Administrative Agent with respect to the Loan Party organized in Puerto Rico, the assets of such Puerto Rican Loan Party shall not be eligible for inclusion in any Borrowing Base. 

Section 5.15 Designation of Subsidiaries . The Company may at any time designate any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company (other than any Borrower) as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (a) immediately before and after such designation, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (b) on Pro Forma Basis, the Payment Conditions shall be satisfied, and (c) no Restricted Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if (i), after such designation, it would be a restricted subsidiary under any Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness or Subordinated Debt or (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary would be a Subsidiary of such Unrestricted Subsidiary. The designation of any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary after the Effective Date shall constitute an Investment by the Company therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries (as applicable) Investments therein as determined in good faith by the Borrower Representative. The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary after the Effective Date shall constitute at the time of designation the incurrence of any Indebtedness or Liens of such Restricted Subsidiary existing at such time. 

Section 5.16 Environmental Laws . Except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each Subsidiary shall (i) conduct its operations and keep and maintain all of its real property in compliance with all Environmental Laws; (ii) obtain and renew all environmental permits necessary for its operations and properties; and (iii) implement any and all investigation, remediation, removal and response actions that are necessary to comply with Environmental Laws pertaining to the presence, generation, treatment, storage, use, disposal, transportation or release of any Hazardous Materials on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any of its Real Estate, provided , however , that neither a Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to undertake any such cleanup, removal, remedial or other action to the extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and adequate reserves have been set aside and are being maintained by the Loan Parties with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP. 

Section 5.17 Credit Card Agreements and Notifications . Each Borrower will (a) comply in all material respects with all its obligations under each Credit Card Agreement to which it is party and (b) maintain credit card arrangements solely with the credit card issuers and credit card processors identified in Schedule 3.2 3 ; provided, however, that the Company may amend Schedule 3.2 3 to remove any credit card issuer or credit card processor identified on such schedule or to add additional credit card issuers and credit card processors that are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and concurrently with or promptly following the making of any such amendment the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent evidence that a Credit Card Notification shall have been delivered to any credit card issuer or credit card processor added to such Schedule 3.2 3 . 

Section 5.18 Post-Closing Obligations . The Loan Parties will execute and deliver the documents and complete the tasks set forth on Schedule 5.1 8 , in each case within the time limits specified on such schedule (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion). 

Section 5.19 Canadian Pension Plans and Canadian Benefit Plans . 

118 

(a) For each existing and hereafter Canadian Benefit Plan and Canadian Pension Plan, if any, each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, in a timely fashion comply with and perform in all material respects all of its obligations under and in respect of such Canadian Pension Plan or Canadian Benefit Plan, including under any funding agreements and all applicable laws (including any fiduciary, funding, investment and administration obligations), unless any failure to so comply or perform could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) All employer or employee payments, contributions or premiums required to be remitted, paid to or in respect of each hereafter adopted Canadian Pension Plan, if any, or Canadian Benefit Plan shall be paid or remitted by each Loan Party and each Subsidiary of each Loan Party in a timely fashion in accordance with the terms thereof, any funding agreements and all applicable laws, unless any failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Article VI Negative Covenants 

Until the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under any Loan Document (other than contingent or indemnity obligations for which no claim has been made) shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or have been Cash Collateralized pursuant to the terms hereof, or terminated, in each case without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, each Loan Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lenders that: 
 Section 6.01 Indebtedness . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except: 

(a) (i) the Secured Obligations (other than Specified L/C Obligations) and (ii) Specified L/C Obligations or any other trade letter of credit facilities in addition thereto on substantially similar terms as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable judgment, so long as, in each case, the aggregate undrawn amount of all letters of credit issued thereunder plus the aggregate amount of all drawn and unreimbursed obligations with respect to all letters of credit thereunder does not exceed 150 , 000 , 000 ; 

(b) Indebtedness existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.01 and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (f) hereof; 

(c) Indebtedness of the Company to any Restricted Subsidiary and of any Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (A) such Indebtedness shall not have been transferred to any Person other than the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, (B) any such Indebtedness owing by a Loan Party to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be unsecured and subordinated in right of payment to the Secured Obligations on terms customary for intercompany subordinated Indebtedness, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, and (C) any such Indebtedness shall be incurred in compliance with Section 6.04(d); 

(d) Guarantees by any Borrower of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary and by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of any Borrower or any other Subsidiary, provided that (i) the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is permitted by this Section 6.01, (ii) Guarantees by any Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, and Guarantees by any U.S. Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Canadian Loan Party, shall be subject to Section 6.04 and (iii) Guarantees permitted under this clause (d) shall be subordinated to 

119 

the Secured Obligations on the same terms as the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is subordinated to the Secured Obligations; 

(e) Indebtedness of any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets (but excluding any real property) (whether or not constituting purchase money Indebtedness), including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (f) below; provided that (i) such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 270 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and the principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets, and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (e) together with any Refinance Indebtedness in respect thereof permitted by clause (f) below, and together with any Indebtedness permitted by clause (r) below, shall not exceed 100, 000 , 000 at any time outstanding; 

(f) Indebtedness which represents amendments, restatements, supplements, extensions, renewals, refinancing or replacements (such Indebtedness being so amended, restated, supplemented, extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced being referred to herein as the Refinance Indebtedness of any of the Indebtedness described in clauses (b), (e) , and (m) hereof (such Indebtedness being referred to herein as the Original Indebtedness ); provided that (i) such Refinance Indebtedness does not increase the principal amount of the Original Indebtedness, (ii) any Liens securing such Refinance Indebtedness are not extended to any additional property of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, (iii) no Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not originally obligated with respect to repayment of such Original Indebtedness is required to become obligated with respect to such Refinance Indebtedness, (iv) such Refinance Indebtedness does not result in a shortening of the average weighted maturity of such Original Indebtedness, (v) the terms of such Refinance Indebtedness are not materially less favorable to the obligor thereunder than the original terms of such Original Indebtedness and (vi) if such Original Indebtedness was subordinated in right of payment to any of the Secured Obligations, then the terms and conditions of such Refinance Indebtedness must include subordination terms and conditions that are at least as favorable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as those that were applicable to such Original Indebtedness; 

(g) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing workers compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case under this clause (g) incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(h) Indebtedness of any Loan Party in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds and similar obligations, in each case under this clause (h) provided in the ordinary course of business; 

(i) Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and otherwise in connection with deposit and checking accounts, in each case under this clause (i), in the ordinary course of business; 

(j) Indebtedness in the form of bona fide purchase price adjustments or earn-outs incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted by Section 6.04; 

(k) Indebtedness in the form of Swap Agreements permitted under Section 6.07; 

(l) Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness; 

(m) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after the date hereof; provided that such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary; 

120 

(n) Indebtedness incurred under leases of real property in respect of tenant improvements; 

(o) obligations under any agreement governing the provision of treasury or cash management services, including deposit accounts, overnight draft, credit cards, debit cards, p-cards (including purchasing cards and commercial cards), funds transfer, automated clearinghouse, zero balance accounts, returned check concentration, controlled disbursement, lockbox, account reconciliation and reporting and other cash management services; 

(p) Indebtedness with respect to the deferred purchase price for any Permitted Acquisition, provided that such Indebtedness is subordinated to the Secured Obligations on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; 

(q) so long as no Event of Default then exists or would arise immediately after giving effect thereto, other Indebtedness not to exceed 50,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; 

(r) Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount subject to the limitation in amount referred to in clause 6.01(e)(ii) above incurred for the construction, development or acquisition or improvement of, or to finance or to refinance, any real estate owned or leased by any Loan Party (including therein any Indebtedness incurred in connection with sale-leaseback transactions permitted hereunder and any Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities), provided that prior to incurrence of such Indebtedness the Loan Parties shall have caused the holders of such Indebtedness and the lessors under any sale-leaseback or other such transaction to enter into a Collateral Access Agreement on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent unless not required in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent as confirmed in writing by the Administrative Agent; and 

(s) unsecured Indebtedness or Subordinated Indebtedness not otherwise specifically described herein, in each case under this clause (s), with a maturity date and an average life to maturity that is at least six (6) months following the Maturity Date and that does not require amortization or prepayments prior to the Maturity Date . ; and 

(t) Indebtedness incurred under the Tax Credit Transaction Purchase Agreement in the aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Purchase Price (as set forth therein as in effect on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date) subject to the Adjustment Factor (as set forth therein as in effect on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date) less the installments set forth on Schedule 1 to the Tax Credit Transaction Purchase Agreement as in effect on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date. 

Anything in this Section 6.01 to the contrary notwithstanding, (a) Specified L/C Obligations may only be created, incurred, assumed or exist pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(ii) and (b) Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness may only be created, incurred, assumed or exist pursuant to Section 6.01(l). 
 Section 6.02 Liens . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property, asset, income or revenue (including Accounts) now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except: 

(a) Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent created pursuant to any Loan Document; 

(b) Permitted Encumbrances; 

(c) any Lien on any property or asset of any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.02 ; provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of such Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary or any other Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) 

121 

such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; 

(d) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) such Liens secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (e) of Section 6.01, (ii) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 270 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, (iii) such Liens shall not apply to any other property or assets of such Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary or any other Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary and (iv) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of the property being acquired, constructed or improved on the date of acquisition, construction or improvement; 

(e) any Lien existing on any specific tangible property or specific tangible asset (other than Collateral) prior to the acquisition thereof by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or existing on any property or asset (other than Collateral) of any Person that becomes a Loan Party after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Loan Party; provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisi tion or such Person becoming a Loan Party, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Loan Party, (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Loan Party, as the case may be, and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof and (iv) such Lien and the documentation governing the creation thereof do not prohibit or interfere with (x) the Administrative Agent s access rights to such property or asset for purposes of Collateral rights in accordance with Section 2.23 hereof except to the extent otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion in writing and (y) if applicable, the intellectual property license granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement; 

(f) (i) Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4 208 of the UCC in effect in the relevant jurisdiction covering only the items being collected upon and (ii) Liens in favor of securities intermediaries, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or securities accounts or other funds maintained with depository institutions or securities intermediary (other than as waived under any contractual agreement or Control Agreement with the Administrative Agent); 

(g) Liens arising out of Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 6.06; 

(h) Liens securing Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness; provided that, such Liens must be and remain subject to a Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement; 

(i) Liens granted by a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in favor of any Borrower or another Loan Party in respect of Indebtedness owed by such Restricted Subsidiary; 

(j) Liens on Equity Interests or other assets being sold arising in connection with the sale or transfer of such Equity Interests or such other assets in a transaction permitted under Section 6.05, customary rights and restrictions in respect of such Equity Interests or other assets being sold contained in agreements relating to such sale or transfer pending the completion thereof; 

(k) in the case of (i) any non-Loan Party Restricted Subsidiary that is not a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) the Equity Interests in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary, any encumbrance or restriction, including any put and call arrangements, related to Equity Interests in such Restricted Subsidiary or such other Person set forth in the organizational documents of such Restricted Subsidiary or such other Person or any related joint venture, shareholders or similar agreement; 

122 

(l) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits or escrow arrangements made by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement for a Permitted Acquisition or other transaction permitted hereunder; 

(m) other Liens on specifically identified tangible personal property securing Indebtedness or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 20,000,000 at any time outstanding so long as the Administrative Agent and the collateral agents or other representatives for the holders of such Indebtedness have entered into an intercreditor agreement, acknowledged by the Loan Parties, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being understood that in the event any such Liens extend to Accounts, Credit Card Accounts or Inventory, such Accounts, Credit Card Accounts or Inventory, to the extent otherwise included therein, will not constitute or will cease to be Eligible Trade Accounts, Eligible Credit Card Accounts or Eligible Inventory, as applicable); 

(n) Liens in favor of landlords on leasehold improvements financed by allowances or advances pursuant to lease arrangements in the ordinary course of business (subject to the terms of the applicable Collateral Access Agreement to the extent otherwise required hereunder to be entered into with the Administrative Agent); 

(o) Liens in favor of insurance companies or their affiliates on the unearned portion of the premium financed in connection with insurance premium financing in the ordinary course of business; 

(p) Liens in respect of cash collateralization of letters of credit; provided that (i) such cash collateral shall not exceed 10,000,000, (ii) such letters of credit are issued in support of a Foreign Subsidiary (other than a Canadian Subsidiary) that is not a Loan Party and (iii) no Loan Party, Domestic Subsidiary or Canadian Subsidiary provides any guaranty, collateral or other credit support (other than such cash collateral) in respect of such letters of credit; 

(q) Liens on Real Estate, provided that such Liens only secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (r) of Section 6.01; 

(r) Secured Inventory Liens; and 

(s) Liens on motor vehicles, aircraft, avionics, vessels and property related thereto and other property the subject of certificates of title or other certificates of registration and operation, provided that the Indebtedness secured by any such Lien does not exceed the cost of such motor vehicle, aircraft, avionic, vessel or other property, as applicable . ; and 

(t) Tax Credit Transaction Liens. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) none of the Liens permitted pursuant to this Section 6.02 may at any time attach to any Loan Party s (1) Accounts or Credit Card Accounts, other than those permitted under clauses (a) and (m) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances and clauses (a), (h) and (m) above and (2) Inventory, other than those permitted under clauses (a) and (c) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances and clauses (a) and (h) above and (B) none of the Specified L/C Obligations may be cash collateralized unless such cash collateral constitutes Collateral hereunder for the benefit of all of the Secured Parties in accordance with, and subject to, Section 2.18 of the Loan Documents. 
 Section 6.03 Fundamental Changes; Changes in Name, Location . (a) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate or amalgamate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate or amalgamate with it, or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default or Event 

123 

of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (i) any Subsidiary of any Borrower may merge into or amalgamate with a Borrower in a transaction in which such Borrower is the surviving or continuing entity, (ii) any Borrower may merge into or amalgamate with another Borrower, (iii) any Person (other than a Borrower) may merge into, amalgamate with or consolidate with any Restricted Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving or continuing entity is a Restricted Subsidiary and, if any party to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation is a Loan Party, a Loan Party, (iv) any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Loan Party) may merge into, amalgamate with or consolidate with any Person (other than a Loan Party) in a transaction permitted under Section 6.05 in which, after giving effect to such transaction, the surviving or continuing entity is not a Restricted Subsidiary, and (v) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower which owns such Restricted Subsidiary determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of such Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders; provided that (x) any merger, amalgamation or consolidation that is in connection with an Acquisition must be a Permitted Acquisition, (y) any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation involving a Person that is not a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation shall not be permitted unless also permitted by Section 6.04, and (z) in all circumstances, such merging, amalgamating or consolidating entities are from the same jurisdiction of domicile except that the terms of this clause (z) shall not apply in respect of entities that are all non-Loan Parties. 

(b) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, engage in any business other than businesses (i) of the type conducted by the Borrowers and their Restricted Subsidiaries on the date hereof and businesses reasonably similar, related, complementary or ancillary thereto and extensions thereof, so long as the core business of the Loan Parties and Restricted Subsidiaries on the Effective Date, after giving effect to any of the foregoing, does not change in any material way and (ii) in respect of Unrestricted Subsidiaries, consistent with the definition of such term. 

(c) No Loan Party shall (a) change its name as it appears in official filings in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, (b) change its registered office, chief executive office or any distribution centers at which Collateral is held or stored, (c) change the type of entity that it is, (d) change its organization identification number, if any, issued by its jurisdiction of incorporation or other organization, or (e) change its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, in each case under this Section 6.03(c), unless the Administrative Agent shall have received at least thirty 30 days prior written notice of such change and the Administrative Agent shall have acknowledged in writing that either (1) such change will not adversely affect the validity, perfection or priority of the Administrative Agent s security interest in or Lien on the Collateral, or (2) any reasonable action requested by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith has been completed or taken (including any action to continue the perfection of any Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in any Collateral). 

(d) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, change its fiscal year from the basis in effect on the Effective Date without first providing thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, in which case the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent shall, prior to the effectiveness of such change, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are reasonably necessary in the judgment of the Administrative Agent to reflect such change in fiscal year. 

(e) No Loan Party will change the accounting basis upon which its financial statements are prepared, other than immaterial changes to comply with changes in GAAP, without first having provided to the Administrative Agent 30 days prior written notice thereof, in which case, the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent shall, prior to the effectiveness of such change, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are reasonably necessary in the judgment of the 

124 

Administrative Agent to reflect such change; it being acknowledged that with respect to calculations of any Borrowing Base such change must be approved in writing by the Administrative Agent. 

(f) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, consummate a Division as the Dividing Person, without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent. Without limiting the foregoing, if any Loan Party that is a limited liability company consummates a Division (with or without the prior consent of Administrative Agent as required above), each Division Successor shall be required to comply with the obligations set forth in Section 5.14 and the other further assurances obligations set forth in the Loan Documents and become a Loan Party under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Section 6.04 Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger or amalgamation with any Person that was not a Loan Party and a wholly-owned Subsidiary prior to such merger or amalgamation) any evidences of Indebtedness or Equity Interests or other securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing), make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit (whether through purchase of assets, merger, amalgamation or otherwise) or enter into any other Acquisition (each of the foregoing, an Investment ), except: 

(a) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents; 

(b) Investments in existence on the date hereof and described in Schedule 6.04 ; 

(c) Investments in existence on the Effective Date by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in their respective Subsidiaries; 

(d) Investments by the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries in their respective Subsidiaries made after the Effective Date; provided that (i) the aggregate amount of such Investments by the Loan Parties in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties shall not exceed 20,000,000 at any time outstanding (determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs) and (ii) any such Investments that are loans and advances made by a Loan Party shall be evidenced by a promissory note pledged pursuant to the applicable Security Agreement to the extent required to be so pledged by the applicable Security Agreement; 

(e) loans or advances made by a Loan Party or a Restricted Subsidiary to its employees, officers, or directors on an arm s-length basis in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices for travel and entertainment expenses, relocation costs and similar purposes; 

(f) accounts receivable, notes payable, or stock or other securities issued by Account Debtors to a Loan Party pursuant to negotiated agreements with respect to settlement of such Account Debtor s Accounts obligations in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled Account Debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss or received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of customers or suppliers, or settlement of disputes with suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

(g) Investments in the form of Swap Agreements permitted by Section 6.07; 

125 

(h) Investments of any Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of a Borrower or consolidates or merges or amalgamates with a Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (including in connection with a Permitted Acquisition) so long as such investments were not made in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary or of such merger or amalgamation; 

(i) Investments made as a result of receipt of non-cash consideration from a sale, transfer or other disposition of assets permitted under Section 6.05; 

(j) Investments constituting deposits described in clauses (c) and (d) of the definition of the term Permitted Encumbrances 

(k) Permitted Acquisitions; 

(l) Investments (excluding Acquisitions but including Investments in Subsidiaries) not otherwise permitted by this Section 6.04 so long as the Payment Conditions are satisfied before and immediately after giving effect to each such Investment and so long as no such Investment requires the incurrence of any Indebtedness, contingent obligation (including any capital call) or other liability not otherwise permitted under this Agreement by any Loan Party or otherwise enables a creditor to have recourse to any Loan Party not otherwise permitted under this Agreement; 

(m) deposits, prepayments, advances and other credits to suppliers, vendors, customers, lessors and landlords or in connection with marketing promotions, in each instance, made in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) Investments the sole payment for which is common stock of the Company and which do not constitute Indebtedness; 

(o) any earn-out or customary indemnity, purchase price adjustment, or similar obligation payable to the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or a disposition permitted under Section 6.05; 

(p) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing before or after giving effect to such Investments and so long as no such Investment requires the incurrence of any Indebtedness or contingent obligation (including any capital call) or other liability by any Loan Party or otherwise enables a creditor to have recourse to any Loan Party, in each case not otherwise permitted to exist under another Section of this Agreement, other Investments (excluding Acquisitions) in an aggregate amount not to exceed 15, 000 , 000 at any time outstanding; 

(q) Investments (excluding Acquisitions) made pursuant to the Company s Investment Policy and otherwise consistent with the other provisions of this Agreement; and 

(r) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.08 . ; and 

(s) the Tax Credit Transaction; provided that the aggregate amount of such Investment shall not exceed 100,000,000 subject to the Adjustment Factor (as set forth in the Tax Credit Purchase Agreement as in effect on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date) and the aggregate amount paid annually in respect of such Investment shall not exceed (i) 20,000,000 for the calendar year ending December 31, 2022, (ii) 10,485,344 for the calendar year ending December 31, 2023, (iii) 13,975,267 for the calendar year ending December 31, 2024 (iv) 20,483,110 for the calendar year ending December 31, 2025 (v) 17,804,924 for the calendar year ending December 31, 2026 and (vi) 17,251,355 for the calendar year ending December 

126 

31, 2027, in each case subject to the Adjustment Factor with the aggregate amounts paid per year not to exceed 22,500,000 with the full Investment not to exceed 105,000,000. 

For the purposes of this Section 6.04, any unreimbursed payment by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary for goods or services delivered to any Restricted Subsidiary shall be deemed to be an Investment in such Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Section 6.05 Asset Sales . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any asset, including any Equity Interest owned by it or any assignment (whether non-recourse, recourse, or otherwise) of income or revenue (including Accounts), nor will any Borrower permit any Restricted Subsidiary to issue any additional Equity Interest in such Restricted Subsidiary (other than to another Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary in compliance with Section 6.04 and other than directors qualifying shares and other nominal amounts of Equity Interests that are required to be held by other Persons under applicable law), excluding therefrom the payment of advances, customer deposits, trade payables and other accrued expenses and liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business, and the transfer and sale of Cash Equivalents and other marketable securities, except: 

(a) (i) sales of inventory, (ii) sales, transfers and other dispositions of used, damaged, surplus, obsolete or outmoded machinery or equipment and (iii) dispositions of Investments in Cash Equivalents so long as the proceeds of such disposition are invested in an Investment permitted under Section 6.04, applied as Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.08 or otherwise used in a manner not expressly prohibited by this Agreement, in each case (other than in the case of clause (iii)) in the ordinary course of business; 

(b) sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any such sales, transfers, leases or other dispositions involving a Loan Party and a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be made in compliance with Section 6.04(d) and Section 6.09 and shall exclude assets of the type included in any Borrowing Base and related assets evidencing or supporting such assets, and Equity Interests in Subsidiaries (other than (x) Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries, (y) Equity Interests in Subsidiaries (other than Borrowers) having assets with an aggregate value not to exceed 10,000,000 at such date the disposition of which shall not change the core operations of the Borrowers (as in existence on the Effective Date) in any material respect and (z) transfers of Inventory by a Borrower directly to the retail locations (for sale therein) of a Canadian Subsidiary of the Company on arms-length terms applicable to an unaffiliated third party and that are consistent with past practice of the Loan Parties); 

(c) the sale or discount of accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business, but only in connection with the compromise or collection thereof and not in connection with any financing transaction; 

(d) Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 6.06; 

(e) dispositions resulting from any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of any Borrower or any Subsidiary; 

(f) leases or subleases of real property granted by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary to third Persons not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, including, without limitation, retail store lease assignments and surrenders; 

(g) other dispositions of assets (other than assets of the type included in any Borrowing Base and related assets evidencing or supporting such assets, including, without limitation, patents, trademarks, 

127 

copyrights, industrial designs and other intellectual property) of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted under this Section 6.05, provided that before and after giving effect to such disposition, the Payment Conditions are satisfied; provided further that, with respect to any disposition of Equity Interests in Subsidiaries, such disposition shall only be permitted pursuant to this clause (g) so long as (i) at the time of such disposition, no Default or Event of Default shall exist or shall result from such disposition; (ii) the consideration received for such disposition shall be in an amount at least equal to the fair market value of the Equity Interests sold, transferred, licensed or otherwise disposed of; (iii) at least seventy-five percent (75 of the consideration received for such disposition shall be cash; and (iv) the aggregate fair market value of all Equity Interests so sold, transferred, licensed or otherwise so disposed of shall not exceed 10,000,000 during the term of this Agreement and shall not include Equity Interests of any Loan Party (x) if such disposition changes any Borrower s core business as in effect on the Effective Date or (y) if such Loan Party owns patents, trademarks, copyrights, industrial designs and other intellectual property relating to any Borrower s core business as in effect on the Effective Date; 

(h) other dispositions of assets (whether or not of the type included in any Borrowing Base) of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted under this Section 6.05, the aggregate fair market value of assets disposed of pursuant to this clause (h) not to exceed 10 , 000 , 000 during the term of this Agreement; 

(i) the sale, transfer or other disposition of patents, trademarks, copyrights, industrial designs and other intellectual property or the granting of franchises and similar rights, in each case (i) in the ordinary course of business, including pursuant to non-exclusive licenses of intellectual property; provided that no such sale, transfer or other disposition shall adversely affect in any material respect the fair value of any Eligible Inventory or the ability of the Administrative Agent to dispose of or otherwise realize upon any Eligible Inventory after an Event of Default; provided that, this clause (i) shall not permit the sale, transfer or other disposition (other than non-exclusive licenses) of any such intellectual property of a Loan Party to any Foreign Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or any other non-Loan Party, or (ii) which, in the reasonable judgment of the Company or any Subsidiary, are determined to be uneconomical, negligible or obsolete in the conduct of business; 

(j) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.08; 

(k) dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of similar replacement property; and 

(l) as long as no Event of Default then exists or would arise therefrom, sales of real property of any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary; 

provided that all sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions permitted hereby (other than those permitted by paragraphs (a)(ii), (b) , (f) , (j) or (k) above) shall be made for fair value and for at least 75 cash consideration (or, in the case of a sale, transfer, lease or other disposition of assets included in any Borrowing Base, 100 cash consideration). 
 Section 6.06 Sale and Leaseback Transactions . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred (a Sale and Leaseback Transaction ), except for any such sale of any fixed or capital assets by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset. 

128 

Section 6.07 Swap Agreements . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any Swap Agreement, except (a) Swap Agreements entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary has actual exposure (other than those in respect of Equity Interests of any Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries), and (b) Swap Agreements entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from floating to fixed rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. 

Section 6.08 Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness . 

(a) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, declare or make, or agree to declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, except: 

(i) the Company may declare and pay dividends with respect to its Equity Interests payable solely in common stock; 

(ii) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company may declare and pay dividends or make other distributions with respect to its Equity Interests, or make other Restricted Payments in respect of its Equity Interests, in each case ratably to the holders of such Equity Interests (or, if not ratably, on a basis more favorable to the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries); 

(iii) the Company may repurchase Equity Interests upon the exercise of stock options, deferred stock units and restricted shares to the extent such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such stock options, deferred stock units or restricted shares; 

(iv) the Company may make cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares representing insignificant interests in the Company in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock in the Company; and 

(v) the Company may declare and make Restricted Payments including dividends or share repurchases so long as before and immediately after giving effect to such Restricted Payments the Payment Conditions are satisfied. 

(b) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) of or in respect of principal of or interest on any Indebtedness, or any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Indebtedness, except: 

(i) payment of Indebtedness created under the Loan Documents; 

(ii) payment of regularly scheduled interest and principal payments or reimbursement obligations under letters of credit, in each case, as and when due in respect of any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01, other than payments in respect of the Subordinated Indebtedness prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof and subject in the case of the Specified L/C Obligations to any other provisions applicable thereto as provided in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including the provisions of Section 2.18); and 

(iii) refinancings of Indebtedness to the extent permitted by Section 6.01; 

129 

(iv) payment of secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of (A) any voluntary sale or transfer of any assets (other than assets included in any Borrowing Base) securing such Indebtedness or (B) any casualty or condemnation proceeding (including a disposition in lieu thereof) of any assets (other than assets included in any Borrowing Base) securing such Indebtedness; 

(v) payments of or in respect of Indebtedness solely by issuance of the common stock of the Company; 

(vi) payments of intercompany Indebtedness owed to any Loan Party; and 

(vii) other payments of or in respect of Indebtedness; provided that at the time of and immediately after giving effect thereto the Payment Conditions have been satisfied. 

Section 6.09 Transactions with Affiliates . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) transactions that (i) are in the ordinary course of business and (ii) are at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to such Loan Party or such Restricted Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among any Loan Parties not involving any other Affiliate, (c) any Investment permitted by Section 6.04, (d) any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(c), provided that Indebtedness owed to non-Loan Parties must be on terms and conditions not less favorable to such Loan Party than could be obtained on an arm s length basis from unrelated third parties, (e) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.08, (f) loans or advances to officers, directors and employees permitted under Section 6.04, (g) the payment of reasonable fees to directors of any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary who are not employees of such Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary, and compensation and employee benefit arrangements paid to, and indemnities provided for the benefit of, directors, officers or employees of the Borrowers or their Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, and (h) any issuances of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by a Borrower s board of directors. 

Section 6.10 Restrictive Agreements . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of such Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, or (b) the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to any Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of any Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by any Requirement of Law or by any Loan Document or any agreement governing the Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the date hereof identified on Schedule 6.10 (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition), (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Restricted Subsidiary pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Restricted Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iv) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness and (v) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment thereof. 

130 

Section 6.11 Amendment of Material Documents . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, amend, modify or waive any of its rights under (a) any agreement relating to any Subordinated Indebtedness except as permitted in accordance with the subordination terms thereof, (b) its charter, articles or certificate of incorporation or organization, by-laws, operating, management or partnership agreement or other organizational documents if such amendments, modifications, or waivers, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) Material Indebtedness (other than on account of any refinancing thereof otherwise permitted hereunder, or with respect to any Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness) to the extent any such amendment, modification or waiver would result in a Default or Event of Default under any of the Loan Documents, would increase materially the obligations of the Loan Parties thereunder, confer any additional material rights on the holders of such Material Indebtedness, or otherwise materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Lenders or , (d) Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness, except as permitted by the applicable Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement with respect thereto or (e) any of the Tax Credit Transaction Documents (as in effect on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date) to the extent any such amendment, modification or waiver would result in a Default or Event of Default under any of the Loan Documents, would increase materially the obligations of the Loan Parties thereunder, confer any additional material rights on the counterparties thereto, or otherwise materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Lenders ; provided that in each case under this Section 6.11 the Administrative Agent shall have received a copy, certified as true and complete, of any proposed amendment at least five (5) Business Days (or as such time may be extended in writing in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion) prior to the intended effectiveness thereof. 

Section 6.12 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . The Company will not permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as of the end of any fiscal quarter, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending immediately preceding the date on which Aggregate Availability is less than the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level I), to be less than 1.0 to 1.0 . Once such covenant is in effect, compliance with the covenant will be discontinued: (i) on the first date thereafter that (A) no Default or Event of Default exists and (B) Aggregate Availability is greater than or equal to the Applicable Trigger Amount (Level I) for a period of 90 consecutive days and (ii) no more than once in any period of 12 consecutive months. 

Section 6.13 Disqualified Stock . The Company will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue any Disqualified Stock, other than, in the case of the Restricted Subsidiaries, to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any issuance of Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to any Loan Party shall be subject to Section 6.04. 

Section 6.14 Canadian Pension Plans . The Loan Parties shall not (a) contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to any Canadian Defined Benefit Plan without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, or (b) acquire an interest in any Person if such Person sponsors, administers, maintains or contributes to or has any liability in respect of any Canadian Defined Benefit Plan, or at any time in the five-year period preceding such acquisition has sponsored, administered, maintained, or contributed to a Canadian Defined Benefit Plan, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 

131 

Article VII Events of Default 

If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur: 
 (a) the Borrowers shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepay ment thereof or otherwise; or 

(b) the Borrowers shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days; or 

(c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary in, or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been materially incorrect when made or deemed made (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects); or 

(d) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02(a), Section 5.03 (with respect to a Loan Party s existence), 5.08 , 5.18 or in Article VI of this Agreement; or 

(e) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agree ment contained in this Agreement (other than those which constitute a default under another Section of this Article), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of (i) five (5) days after the earlier of knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative of such breach or notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) if such breach relates to terms or provisions of Section 5.01, Section 5.02 (other than Section 5.02(a)), Section 5.03 (other than with respect to a Loan Party s existence) through Section 5.07, Section 5.10, Section 5.11 or Section 5.13 of this Agreement or Article VII of the Security Agreement, or (ii) 30 days after the earlier of knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative of such breach or notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) if such breach relates to terms or provisions of any other Section of this Agreement; or 

(f) any Loan Party or Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness (other than Specified L/C Obligations) or Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable; or 

(g) (i) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness (other than Specified L/C Obligations) or Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness of any Loan Party or Subsidiary becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness (other than Specified L/C Obligations) or Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness or Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (g) 

132 

shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness to the extent such sale or transfer is permitted by Section 6.05, and (ii) any event or condition occurs that results in Specified L/C Obligations that constitute Material Indebtedness becoming due or requiring cash collateralization of any Specified L/C Obligation prior to its scheduled maturity or termination date; or 

(h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, a proposal or other relief in respect of a Loan Party or Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any federal, state, provincial or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, monitor, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Loan Party or Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; or 

(i) any Loan Party or Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or proposal or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, arrangement or other relief under any federal, state, provincial or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, monitor, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for such Loan Party or Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or 

(j) any Loan Party or Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability, or publicly declare its intention not to, or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; or 

(k) (i) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 15, 000 , 000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment and has not denied coverage) shall be rendered against any Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of any Loan Party or Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment; or (ii) any Loan Party or Subsidiary shall fail within thirty (30) days to discharge one or more non-monetary judgments or orders which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, which judgments or orders, in any such case, are not stayed on appeal or otherwise being appropriately contested in good faith by proper proceedings diligently pursued; or 

(l) (i) an ERISA Event or any event with respect to an employee benefit plan, including a Foreign Plan, shall have occurred that, in the reasonable opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events and events related to an employee benefit plan, including a Foreign Plan, that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or in the imposition of Liens securing an aggregate amount in excess of 5,000,000; or (ii) any Lien arises (except for contribution amounts not yet due) in connection with any Canadian Pension Plan which may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(m) a Change in Control shall occur; or 

133 

(n) the occurrence of any default , as defined in any Loan Document (other than this Agreement) or the breach of any of the terms or provisions of any Loan Document (other than this Agreement), which default or breach continues beyond any period of notice or grace therein provided; or 

(o) the Loan Guaranty shall fail to remain in full force or effect or any action shall be taken to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of the Loan Guaranty, or any Loan Party shall deny that it has any further liability under the Loan Guaranty to which it is a party, or shall give notice to such effect, including, but not limited to notice of termination delivered pursuant to Section 10.08; or 

(p) except as permitted by the terms of any Collateral Document or an Intercreditor Agreement, (i) any Collateral Document shall for any reason fail to create a valid security interest in any Collateral purported to be covered thereby having an aggregate value in excess of 5,000,000, or (ii) any Lien securing any Secured Obligation shall cease to be perfected and have the priority required by the applicable Collateral Document; or 

(q) any Collateral Document covering a portion of the Collateral having a value in excess of 5,000,000 or any material provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any reason ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or any Loan Party shall challenge the enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or shall assert in writing, or engage in any action that evidences its assertion, that any provision of any of this Agreement or any other Loan Document has ceased to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms); or 

(r) (i) the subordination provisions of the documents evidencing or governing any Subordinated Indebtedness in excess of the principal sum of 10,000,000, or provisions of any Intercreditor Agreement (such provisions being referred to as the Intercreditor Provisions ), shall, in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be legally valid, binding and enforceable against any holder of the applicable Indebtedness; or (ii) any Borrower or any other Loan Party shall, directly or indirectly, disavow or contest in any manner (A) the effectiveness, validity or enforceability of such Intercreditor Provisions, (B) that the Intercreditor Provisions exist for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or (C) in the case of Subordinated Indebtedness, that all payments of principal of or premium and interest on the applicable Subordinated Indebtedness, or realized from the liquidation of any property of any Loan Party, shall be subject to any of the Intercreditor Provisions; 

then, and in every such Event of Default (other than an Event of Default with respect to the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower Representative, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments (including the Swingline Commitment), whereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, (ii) declare the Loans then out standing to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), whereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Loan Parties accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Loan Parties and (iii) require cash collateral for the LC Exposure in accordance with Section 2.06(j) hereof; and in the case of any event with respect to the Loan Parties and Subsidiaries described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article, the Commitments (including the Swingline Commitment) shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding and cash collateral for the LC Exposure, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Loan Parties accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without present ment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the 
 	 134 

Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, increase the rate of interest applicable to the Loans and other Obligations to the extent set forth in this Agreement and exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC, the PPSA and other applicable laws. 
 Article VIII The Administrative Agent 

Section 8.01 Appointment . Each of the Lenders, on behalf of itself and any of its Affiliates that are Secured Parties and the Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf, including execution of the other Loan Documents, and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. In addition, to the extent required under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the U.S., each of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereby grants to the Administrative Agent any required powers of attorney to execute any Collateral Document governed by the laws of such jurisdiction on such Lender s or Issuing Bank s behalf. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (including the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank), and the Loan Parties shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent as used herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. Without limiting the powers of the Administrative Agent, for the purposes of holding any hypothec granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the laws of the Province of Quebec to secure the prompt payment and performance of any and all Secured Obligations by any Loan Party, each of the Secured Parties hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent and, to the extent necessary, ratifies the appointment and authorization of the Administrative Agent, to act as the hypothecary representative of the creditors as contemplated under Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Quebec, and to enter into, to take and to hold on their behalf, and for their benefit, any hypothec, and to exercise such powers and duties that are conferred upon the Attorney under any related deed of hypothec. The Administrative Agent shall: (a) have the sole and exclusive right and authority to exercise, except as may be otherwise specifically restricted by the terms hereof, all rights and remedies given to the Administrative Agent pursuant to any such deed of hypothec and applicable law, and (b) benefit from and be subject to all provisions hereof with respect to the Administrative Agent mutatis mutandis, including, without limitation, all such provisions with respect to the liability or responsibility to and indemnification by the Secured Parties and Loan Parties. Any person who becomes a Secured Party shall, by its execution of an Assignment and Assumption, be deemed to have consented to and confirmed the Administrative Agent as the person acting as hypothecary representative holding the aforesaid hypothecs as aforesaid and to have ratified, as of the date it becomes a Secured Party, all actions taken by the Administrative Agent in such capacity. The substitution of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the provisions of this Article VIII shall also constitute the substitution of the Administrative Agent as hypothecary representative as aforesaid. 

Section 8.02 Rights as a Lender . The bank serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such bank and its Affili ates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or any Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. 

135 

Section 8.03 Duties and Obligations . The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02), (c) neither the Administrative Agent nor any other agents hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall owe any duties to any Secured Party in such Secured Parties capacity as a non-Lender, and the Administrative Agent will no longer act as an agent in any capacity under the Loan Documents for the Secured Parties after payment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Commitments, and (d) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower Representative or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection with any Loan Document, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the creation, perfection or priority of Liens on the Collateral or the existence of the Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 

Section 8.04 Reliance . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

Section 8.05 Actions through Sub-Agents . The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties, including through its Toronto or London branches as applicable. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. 

Section 8.06 Resignation . Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time by 

136 

notifying the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Borrower Representative. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower Representative and with the consent of the Borrower Representative (unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or unless such successor is an existing Lender), to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by its successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Borrowers to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor, unless otherwise agreed by the Borrowers and such successor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrowers, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (a) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, provided that, solely for purposes of maintaining any security interest granted to the Administrative Agent under any Collateral Document for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to be vested with such security interest as collateral agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and, in the case of any Collateral in the possession of the Administrative Agent, shall continue to hold such Collateral, in each case until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed and accepts such appointment in accordance with this paragraph (it being understood and agreed that the retiring Administrative Agent shall have no duly or obligation to take any further action under any Collateral Document, including any action required to maintain the perfection of any such security interest), and (b) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, provided that (i) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (ii) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall also directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agent s resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article, Section 2.17(d) and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent and in respect of the matters referred to in the proviso under clause (a) above. 

Section 8.07 Non-Reliance . 

(a) Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that the extensions of credit made hereunder are commercial loans and letters of credit and not investments in a business enterprise or securities. Each Lender further represents that it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any arranger of this credit facility or any amendment thereto or any other Lender and their respective Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder. Each Lender shall, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any arranger of this credit facility or any amendment thereto or any other Lender and their respective Related Parties and based on such documents and informa tion (which may contain material, non-public information 

137 

within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrowers and their Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder and in deciding whether or to the extent to which it will continue as a Lender or assign or otherwise transfer its rights, interests and obligations hereunder. 

(b) Each Lender hereby agrees that (i) it has requested a copy of each Report prepared by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent; (ii) the Administrative Agent (A) makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the completeness or accuracy of any Report or any of the information contained therein or any inaccuracy or omission contained in or relating to a Report and (B) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Report; (iii) the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, and that any Person performing any field examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and will rely significantly upon the Loan Parties books and records, as well as on representations of the Loan Parties personnel and that the Administrative Agent undertakes no obligation to update, correct or supplement the Reports; (iv) it will keep all Reports confidential and strictly for its internal use, not share the Report with any Loan Party or any other Person except as otherwise permitted pursuant to this Agreement; and (v) without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, (A) it will hold the Administrative Agent and any such other Person preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any extension of credit that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to the Borrower, or the indemnifying Lender s participation in, or the indemnifying Lender s purchase of, a Loan or Loans; and (B) it will pay and protect, and indemnify, defend, and hold the Administrative Agent and any such other Person preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by the Administrative Agent or any such other Person as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender. 

(c) (i) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 8.07(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(ii) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a 

138 

Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

(iii) Each Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by any Borrower or any other Loan Party. 

(iv) Each party s obligations under this Section 8.07(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 

Section 8.08 Other Agency Titles . The joint bookrunners, joint lead arrangers, co-syndication agents and documentation agent shall not have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of such Lenders shall have or be deemed to have a fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender hereby makes the same acknowledgments with respect to the relevant Lenders in their respective capacities a joint bookrunner, joint lead arranger, syndication agent or documentation agent, as applicable, as it makes with respect to the Administrative Agent in the preceding paragraph. 

Section 8.09 Not Partners or Co-Venturers; Administrative Agent as Representative of the Secured Parties . (a) The Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or (except as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Administrative Agent) authorized to act for, any other Lender. The Administrative Agent shall have the exclusive right on behalf of the Lenders to enforce the payment of the principal of and interest on any Loan after the date such principal or interest has become due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

(b) In its capacity, the Administrative Agent is a representative of the Secured Parties within the meaning of the term secured party as defined in the New York Uniform Commercial Code. Each Lender authorizes the Administrative Agent to enter into each of the Collateral Documents to which it is a party and to take all action contemplated by such documents. Each Lender agrees that no Secured Party (other than the Administrative Agent) shall have the right individually to seek to realize upon the security granted by any Collateral Document, it being understood and agreed that such rights and remedies may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties upon the terms of the Collateral Documents. In the event that any Collateral is hereafter pledged by any Person as collateral security for the Secured Obligations, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, and hereby granted a power of attorney, to execute and deliver on behalf of the Secured Parties any Loan Documents necessary or appropriate to grant and perfect a Lien on such Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties. 

139 

Section 8.10 Flood Laws . JPMCB has adopted internal policies and procedures that address requirements placed on federally regulated lenders under the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 and related legislation (the Flood Laws ). JPMCB, as administrative agent or collateral agent on a syndicated facility, will post on the applicable electronic platform (or otherwise distribute to each Lender in the syndicate) documents that it receives in connection with the Flood Laws. However, JPMCB reminds each Lender and Participant in the facility that, pursuant to the Flood Laws, each federally regulated Lender (whether acting as a Lender or Participant in the facility) is responsible for assuring its own compliance with the flood insurance requirements. 

Section 8.11 Additional Secured Parties . The benefit of the provisions of the Loan Documents directly relating to the Collateral or any Lien granted thereunder shall extend to and be available to any Secured Party that is not a Lender or Issuing Bank party hereto as long as, by accepting such benefits, such Secured Party agrees, as among Administrative Agent and all other Secured Parties, that such Secured Party is bound by (and, if requested by Administrative Agent, shall confirm such agreement in a writing in form and substance acceptable to Administrative Agent) this Article VIII and Sections 2.17, 2.18(d), 9.01, 9.03(c), 9.04, 9.06, 9.08, 9.12, 9.16 and 9.18 (and, solely with respect to Issuing Banks, Section 2.06) and the decisions and actions of Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders (or, where expressly required by the terms of this Agreement, a greater proportion of the Lenders or other parties hereto as required herein) to the same extent a Lender is bound; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) such Secured Party shall be bound by Sections 2.17(e), 8.06, 8.07 and 9.03(c) only to the extent of all claims, actions, suits, judgments, damages, losses, liability, obligations, responsibilities, fines, penalties, sanctions, costs, fees, Taxes, commissions, charges, disbursements and expenses (including, without limitation, those incurred upon any appeal or in connection with the preparation for and/or response to any subpoena or request for document production relating thereto), in each case of any kind or nature (including interest accrued thereon or as a result thereto and fees, charges and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors and consultants), whether joint or several, whether or not indirect, contingent, consequential, actual, punitive, treble or otherwise, costs and expenses with respect to or otherwise relating to the Collateral held for the benefit of such Secured Party, in which case the obligations of such Secured Party thereunder shall not be limited by any concept of pro rata share or similar concept, (b) each of Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks party hereto shall be entitled to act at its sole discretion, without regard to the interest of such Secured Party, regardless of whether any Obligation to such Secured Party thereafter remains outstanding, is deprived of the benefit of the Collateral, becomes unsecured or is otherwise affected or put in jeopardy thereby, and without any duty or liability to such Secured Party or any such Obligation and (c) except as otherwise set forth herein, such Secured Party shall not have any right to be notified of, consent to, direct, require or be heard with respect to, any action taken or omitted in respect of the Collateral or under any Loan Document. 

Section 8.12 Certain ERISA Matters . 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Joint Leader Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments; 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-4 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset 

140 

managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Joint Leader Arrangers, and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that: 

(i) none of the Administrative Agent or the Joint Leader Arrangers or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto); 

(ii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21) and is a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other person that holds, or has under management or control, total assets of at least 50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E); 

(iii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of the Obligations); 

(iv) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with 

141 

respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder, and 

(v) no fee or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent or the Joint Leader Arrangers or any their respective Affiliates for investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement. 

(c) The Administrative Agent and the Joint Leader Arrangers hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 

Article IX Miscellaneous 

Section 9.01 Notices . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone or Electronic Systems (and subject in each case to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile (where a fax number is indicated below), as follows: 

(i) if to any Loan Party, to the Borrower Representative at: 

Urban Outfitters, Inc. 5000 South Broad Street Philadelphia, PA 19112 Attention: Chief Financial Officer 
 Email: fconforti@urbn.com 
 With a copy to: 
 
 Urban Outfitters, Inc. 
 5000 South Broad Street Philadelphia, PA 19112 Attention: General Counsel 
 Email: azhayne@urbn.com 
 
 With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 
 
 Drinker Biddle Reath LLP 
 105 College Road East 
 	 142 

P.O. Box 627 
 Princeton, NJ 08542-0627 
 Attention: Judith E. Reich 
 Facsimile No: (609) 799-7000 
 Email: judith.reich@dbr.com 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, JPMCB in its capacity as an Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. at: 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 925 Westchester Avenue, 3rd Floor 
 White Plains, NY 10604 
 Attention: Account Executive Urban Outfitters Facsimile No: (914) 949-4871 
 Email: DONNA.DIFORIO@jpmorgan.com 
 
 With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 
 
 Winston Strawn LLP 
 300 South Tryon Street Charlotte, NC 28202 Attention: Jason E. Bennett Facsimile No: (704) 350-7800 Email: jbennett@winston.com 
 
 (iii) in addition to notices pursuant to clause (ii) above, with respect to any Borrowing in any currency (other than U.S. Dollars), to the Persons at the address or facsimile number set forth on Schedule 9.01 . 

(iv) if to any other Lender or Issuing Bank, to it at its address or facsimile number set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 

All such notices and other communications (i) sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received, (ii) sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent, provided that if not given during normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day of the recipient, or (iii) delivered through Electronic Systems to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below shall be effective as provided in such paragraph. 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by Electronic Systems pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative (on behalf of the Loan Parties) may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by Electronic Systems pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. In the case of notices from the Borrower Representative to the Administrative Agent or from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower Representative, such acceptable and approved Electronic Systems include email to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative at the email addresses identified above or as otherwise designated in writing pursuant to Section 9.01(c) below. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise proscribes, all such notices and other communications (i) sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended 

143 

recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if not given during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, e-mail or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day of the recipient. 

(c) Any party hereto may change its address, facsimile number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 

(d) Electronic Systems. 

(i) Each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make Communications (as defined below) available to the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar Electronic System. 

(ii) Any Electronic System used by the Administrative Agent is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of such Electronic Systems and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or any Electronic System. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrowers or the other Loan Parties, any Lender, the Issuing Bank or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Borrower s, any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of communications through an Electronic System. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Electronic System. 

Section 9.02 Waivers; Amendments . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder and under any other Loan Document are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 

144 

(b) Except as provided in the first sentence of Section 2.09(f) (with respect to any commitment increase) and subject to Section 2.14(c), neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except (x) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders or (y) in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto, with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender), (ii) reduce or forgive the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce or forgive any interest or fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby (except (1) in connection with the waiver of applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates, which waiver shall be effective with the consent of the Required Lenders and (2) that any amendment or modification of defined terms used in the determination of any Borrowing Base shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (ii)), (iii) postpone any scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any date for the payment of any interest, fees or other Obligations payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby (except (1) in connection with the waiver of applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates, which waiver shall be effective with the consent of the Required Lenders and (2) that any amendment or modification of defined terms used in the determination of any Borrowing Base shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (iii)), (iv) change Section 2.18(b) or (d) in a manner that would alter the manner in which payments are shared, without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (v) increase the advance rates set forth in the definition of any Borrowing Base or add new categories of eligible assets, without the written consent of each Revolving Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (vi) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby, (vii) change Section 2.20, without the consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (viii) release any Borrower from the Obligations or Loan Party from its obligation under its Loan Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents), without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (ix) except as provided in clause (c) of this Section or in any Collateral Document, (y) release all or substantially all of the Collateral, without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) or (x) without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) directly and adversely effected thereby, make any changes that result in any contractual subordination of (A) the Liens on all or substantially all of the Collateral securing the Loans hereunder to any Lien securing any other Indebtedness for borrowed money or (B) any of the Term Loans or Revolving Loans in right of payment to any other Indebtedness for borrowed money; provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be (it being understood that any amendment to Section 2.20 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender). The Administrative Agent may also amend the Commitment Schedule to reflect assignments entered into pursuant to Section 9.04, and this Agreement may be amended without any additional consents to provide for increased Commitments in the manner contemplated by Section 2.09. Any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that by its terms affects the rights or duties under this Agreement of (i) the U.S. Lenders (but not the Canadian Lenders) or (ii) the Canadian Lenders (but not the U.S. Lenders), in each case, may be effected by an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower Representative and the requisite number 

145 

or percentage in interest of each such affected Lenders that would be required to consent thereto under this Section if such affected Lenders were the only Lenders hereunder at the time. 

(c) The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, (i) to release any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by the Loan Parties on any Collateral (A) upon the termination of all the Commitments, payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations) and the Cash Collateralization (or, at the discretion of the Administrative Agent, the providing of a backup standby letter of credit satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks) of all outstanding Letters of Credit, (B) constituting property being sold or disposed of if the Loan Party disposing of such property certifies to the Administrative Agent that the sale or disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), and to the extent that the property being sold or disposed of constitutes 100 of the Equity Interest of a Subsidiary, the Administrative Agent is authorized to release any Loan Guaranty provided by such Subsidiary, (C) constituting property leased to a Loan Party under a lease which has expired or been terminated in a transaction not prohibited under this Agreement, (D) as required to effect any sale or other disposition of such Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Article VII, and (E) constituting property of a Loan Party that is being released as a Loan Party as provided below, and (ii) to release any Loan Guaranty provided by any Loan Party that is (A) dissolved pursuant to Section 6.03(a) (v) in connection with a voluntary liquidation or dissolution thereof permitted by such Section or (B) upon the disposition of all of the outstanding Equity Interests of a Subsidiary of the Borrower to a Person other than a Borrower or a Subsidiary in a transaction permitted by Section 6.05 and, in connection therewith, to release any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by such Subsidiary on any Collateral, if the Company certifies to the Administrative Agent that such liquidation or dissolution is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry). The Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby further irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into (i) a Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement in connection with the incurrence by the Company of any Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness and pursuant to such Permitted Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, to establish, maintain and subordinate any Lien, for the benefit of the Lenders and the other Secured Parties, on real property, Equity Interests and intellectual property of the Loan Parties; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this sentence shall authorize the Administrative Agent to release or subordinate any Lien on assets of the type included in any Borrowing Base (other than real property) or assets related thereto described in any Security Agreement as of the date hereof, (ii) a Secured Inventory Intercreditor Agreement in respect of consigned Inventory and (iii) any other intercreditor agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion, in respect of Liens permitted by Section 6.02. Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly being released) upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Loan Parties, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. Any execution and delivery by the Administrative Agent of documents in connection with any such release shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. 

(d) If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender affected thereby, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but has not been obtained being referred to herein as a Non-Consenting Lender ), then the Borrowers may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting 

146 

Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 9.04, and (ii) the Borrowers shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in same day funds on the day of such replacement (1) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by the Borrowers hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Non-Consenting Lender under Section 2.15 and Section 2.17, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 2.16 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower Representative only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency. 

Section 9.03 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver . (a) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Loan Parties shall, jointly and severally, pay all (i) reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel (in each case limited to one primary law firm and one law firm in each relevant jurisdiction, except in the case of actual or perceived conflicts of interest, in which case, such additional counsel for the affected persons) for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through an Electronic System) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions of the Loan Documents (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel (in each case limited to one primary law firm and one law firm in each relevant jurisdiction, except in the case of actual or perceived conflicts of interest, in which case, such additional counsel for the affected persons) for the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of its rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit (in each case limited to one primary law firm and one law firm in each relevant jurisdiction, except in the case of actual or perceived conflicts of interest, in which case, such additional counsel for the affected persons). Such reasonable and documented (if applicable) out-of-pocket expenses being reimbursed by the Loan Parties under this Section include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with: 

(i) appraisals and insurance reviews; 

(ii) field examinations and the preparation of Reports based on the fees charged by a third party retained by the Administrative Agent or the internally allocated fees for each Person employed by the Administrative Agent with respect to each field examination; 

(iii) background checks regarding senior management, as deemed necessary or appropriate in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent; 

(iv) Taxes, fees and other charges for (A) lien searches and (B) filing financing statements and continuations, and other actions to perfect, protect, and continue the Administrative Agent s Liens; 

147 

(v) sums paid or incurred to take any action required of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents that such Loan Party fails to pay or take; and 

(vi) forwarding loan proceeds, collecting checks and other items of payment, and establishing and maintaining the accounts and lock boxes, and costs and expenses of preserving and protecting the Collateral. 

All of the foregoing fees, costs and expenses may be charged to the Borrowers as Revolving Loans or to another deposit account, all as described in Section 2.18(c). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Loan Party that is a Foreign Subsidiary or a CFC Holdco shall be obligated to make any payment in respect of the amount of any Loans made to a U.S. Borrower or any other obligations of a U.S. Loan Party. 
 (b) The Loan Parties shall, jointly and severally, indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, penalties, incremental taxes, liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee (in each case limited to one primary law firm and one law firm in each relevant jurisdiction, except in the case of actual or perceived conflicts of interest, in which case, such additional counsel for the affected persons), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, (iv) the failure of a Loan Party to deliver to the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other required documentary evidence with respect to a payment made by a Loan Party for Taxes pursuant to Section 2.17, or (v) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, penalties, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Loan Party that is a Foreign Subsidiary or a CFC Holdco shall be obligated to make any payment in respect of the amount of any Loans made to a U.S. Borrower or any other obligations of a U.S. Loan Party. 

(c) To the extent that any Loan Party fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank (or any Related Party of any of the foregoing) under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank (or any Related Party of any of the foregoing), as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (it being understood that any such payment by the Lenders shall not relieve any Loan Party of any default in the payment thereof); provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, penalty, 

148 

liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank in its capacity as such. 

(d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Loan Party shall assert, and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee (i) for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet) or (ii) on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that, nothing in this paragraph (d) shall relieve any Loan Party of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee against special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. 

(e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 

Section 9.04 Successors and Assigns . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) no Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) (i)	Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of: 

(A) the Borrower Representative, provided that the Borrower Representative shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days after having received notice thereof, and provided further that no consent of the Borrower Representative shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee; 

(B) the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of the Revolving Loans if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment in respect of such Revolving Loan, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender; 

(C) each Issuing Bank; and 

(D) the Swingline Lender. 

149 

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 

(A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate or branch of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Borrower Representative shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including its obligations to fund the Loans and other products under the Foreign Currency Sublimit); 

(C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption or to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 and the tax forms required by Section 2.17(f); and 

(D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Company, the other Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal, state and provincial securities laws; and 

(E) each assignee Lender shall acquire an equal proportionate share (as determined by the assigned Commitments in relation to all other Commitments of other Lenders), either directly, or through an Affiliate or a branch, of the Foreign Currency Sublimit and Canadian Sublimit. 

For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meanings: 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate or branch of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Ineligible Institution means a (a) natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Parent, (c) holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof; provided that, such holding company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Institution if it (x) has not been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or Commitments, (y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans, and (z) has assets greater than 25 , 000 , 000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial 
 	 150 

loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business; provided that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, any Person (other than a Lender) shall be an Ineligible Institution if after giving effect to any proposed assignment to such Person, such Person would hold more than 25 of the then outstanding Aggregate Credit Exposure or Commitments, as the case may be or (d) a Loan Party or a Subsidiary or other Affiliate of a Loan Party. 
 (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obliga tions under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.15, Section 2.16, Section 2.17 and Section 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 

(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount of and stated interest on the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers, the Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(v) Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05, Section 2.06(d) or (e), Section 2.07(b), Section 2.18(d) or Section 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 

(c) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant other than an Ineligible Institution in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (B) such Lender shall remain solely 

151 

responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (C) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. The Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.15, Section 2.16 and Section 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(f) and Section 2.17(g) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender and the information and documentation required under Section 2.17(g) will be delivered to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 2.18 and Section 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 or Section 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. 

Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrowers request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrowers to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(d) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f .103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

Section 9.05 Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instru ments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any 

152 

such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstand ing and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Section 2.15, Section 2.16, Section 2.17 and Section 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 

Section 9.06 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution . (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to (i) fees payable to the Administrative Agent and (ii) increases or reductions of the Issuing Bank Sublimit of the Issuing Bank constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 

(b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by facsimile, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by facsimile, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower and each Loan Party hereby (A) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrowers and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by facsimile, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document 

153 

shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (B) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (C) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (D) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by facsimile, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of any Borrower and/or any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature . 

Section 9.07 Severability . Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Section 9.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any of and all the Obligations held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be unmatured; provided that the foregoing authorization shall not entitle any Lender to apply any deposits to the extent that such deposit constitutes an Excluded Asset. The applicable Lender shall notify the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent of such set-off or application, provided that any failure to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such set-off or application under this Section. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NO LENDER, NO ISSUING BANK AND NO PARTICIPANT SHALL EXERCISE ANY RIGHT OF SETOFF, BANKER S LIEN, OR THE LIKE AGAINST ANY DEPOSIT ACCOUNT OR PROPERTY OF ANY LOAN PARTY HELD OR MAINTAINED BY SUCH LENDER WITHOUT THE WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. 

Section 9.09 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process . (a) The Loan Documents (other than those containing a contrary express choice of law provision) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, but giving effect to federal laws applicable to national banks; provided, however, that if the laws of any jurisdiction other than New York shall govern in regard to the validity, perfection or effect of perfection of any lien or in regard to procedural matters affecting enforcement of any liens in collateral, such laws of such other jurisdictions shall continue to apply to that extent. 

(b) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of any U.S. Federal or New York State court sitting in New York, New York in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Documents, or for recognition or enforcement 

154 

of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 

(c) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or here after have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

(d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

Section 9.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, OTHER AGENT (INCLUDING ANY ATTORNEY) OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

Section 9.11 Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

Section 9.12 Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by any Requirement of Law or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Loan 

155 

Parties and their obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower Representative or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other than any Loan Party other than as a result of a breach of this Section or of, as far as such recipient is aware, a breach of an obligation of confidentiality of such source with respect to such information. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrowers relating to the Borrowers or their business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrowers and other than information pertaining to this Agreement provided by arrangers to date service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrowers after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 

EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 9.12 FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY, AND ITS AFFILIATES, THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE LOAN PARTIES OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY, THE LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE LOAN PARTIES AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 Section 9.13 Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law . The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and the failure of any Lender to make any Loan or perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying on or looking to any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board) for the repayment of the Borrowings provided for herein. Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, neither the Issuing Bank nor any Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to the Borrowers in violation of any Requirement of Law. 

Section 9.14 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. 

156 

Section 9.15 Disclosure . Each Loan Party, each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with any of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates. 

Section 9.16 Appointment for Perfection . Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as its agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC, the PPSA or any other applicable law can be perfected only by possession or control. Should any Lender (other than the Administrative Agent) obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Administrative Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agent s instructions. 

Section 9.17 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under appli cable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions of Section 9.17, if any provision of any of the Loan Documents would obligate any Canadian Loan Party to make any payment of interest with respect to the Canadian Secured Obligations in an amount or calculated at a rate which would be prohibited by any Requirement of Law or would result in the receipt of interest with respect to the Canadian Secured Obligations at a criminal rate (as such terms are construed under the Criminal Code (Canada)), then notwithstanding such provision, such amount or rates shall be deemed to have been adjusted with retroactive effect to the maximum amount or rate of interest, as the case may be, as would not be so prohibited by law or so result in a receipt by the applicable recipient of interest with respect to the Canadian Secured Obligations at a criminal rate, such adjustment to be effected, to the extent necessary, as follows: (i) first, by reducing the amount or rates of interest required to be paid by the Canadian Loan Parties to the applicable recipient under the Loan Documents; and (ii) thereafter, by reducing any fees, commissions, premiums and other amounts required to be paid by the Canadian Loan Parties to the applicable recipient which would constitute interest with respect to the Canadian Secured Obligations for purposes of Section 347 of the Criminal Code (Canada). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and after giving effect to all adjustments contemplated thereby, if the applicable recipient shall have received an amount in excess of the maximum permitted by that section of the Criminal Code (Canada), then Canadian Loan Parties shall be entitled, by notice in writing to the Administrative Agent, to obtain reimbursement from the applicable recipient in an amount equal to such excess, and pending such reimbursement, such amount shall be deemed to be an amount payable by the applicable recipient to the applicable Canadian Loan Party. Any amount or rate of interest with respect to the Canadian Secured Obligations referred to in this Section 9.17 shall be determined in accordance with generally accepted actuarial practices and principles as an effective annual rate of interest over the term that any Canadian Revolver Loans to Canadian Borrower remains outstanding on the assumption that any charges, fees or expenses that fall within the meaning of interest (as defined in the Criminal Code (Canada)) shall, if they relate to a specific period of time, be prorated over that period of time and otherwise be prorated over the period from the Effective Date to the date of full payment of the Canadian Secured Obligations, and, in the event of a dispute, a certificate of a Fellow of the Canadian 

157 

Institute of Actuaries appointed by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive for the purposes of such determination. 

Section 9.18 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between such Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Lenders and their Affiliates, on the other hand, (B) such Loan Party has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) such Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) each of the Lenders and their Affiliates is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for such Loan Party or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) no Lender or any of its Affiliates has any obligation to such Loan Party or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except, in the case of a Lender, those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) each of the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of such Loan Party and its Affiliates, and no Lender or any of its Affiliates has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to such Loan Party or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against each of the Lenders and their Affiliates with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 

Section 9.19 Marketing Consent . The Borrowers hereby authorize JPMCB, Wells Fargo, Bank of America, N.A., and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, and each of their respective affiliates (including without limitation J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC), at their respective sole expense, but without any prior approval by the Borrowers, to publish such tombstones and give such other customary publicity to this Agreement as each may from time to time determine in its sole discretion provided that no non-public, sensitive or trade information shall be included in any such tombstone, publication, press release or other form of publicity and no consent is hereby given to the release of non-public, sensitive or trade information. The foregoing authorization shall remain in effect unless and until the Borrower Representative notifies each of the foregoing parties in writing that such authorization is revoked. 

Section 9.20 Authorization to Distribute Certain Materials to Public-Siders . 

(a) If the Borrowers do not file this Agreement with the SEC, then the Borrowers hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to distribute the execution version of this Agreement and the Loan Documents to all Lenders, including their Public-Siders. Each Borrower acknowledges its understanding that Public-Siders and their firms may be trading in any of the Loan Parties respective securities while in possession of the Loan Documents. 

(b) Each Borrower represents and warrants that none of the information in the Loan Documents constitutes or contains material non-public information within the meaning of federal and state securities laws. To the extent that any of the executed Loan Documents constitutes at any time material non-public information within the meaning of the federal and state securities laws after the date hereof, each Borrower agrees that it will promptly make such information publicly available by press release or public filing with the SEC. 

158 

Section 9.21 Judgment Currency . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Loan Parties in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from any Loan Party in the Agreement Currency, each Loan Party agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Loan Parties (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law). 

Section 9.22 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

Section 9.23 Canadian Anti-Money Laundering Legislation . 

(a) Each Loan Party acknowledges that, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act and other applicable Canadian anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing, government sanction and know your client laws (collectively, including any guidelines or orders thereunder, AML Legislation ), the Secured Parties may be required to obtain, verify and record information regarding the Loan Parties and their respective directors, authorized signing officers, direct or indirect shareholders or other Persons in control of the Loan 

159 

Parties, and the transactions contemplated hereby. Each Loan Party shall promptly provide all such information, including supporting documentation and other evidence, as may be reasonably requested by any Secured Party or any prospective assignee or participant of a Secured Party, in order to comply with any applicable AML Legislation, whether now or hereafter in existence. 

(c) If the Administrative Agent has ascertained the identity of any Loan Party or any authorized signatories of the Loan Parties for the purposes of applicable AML Legislation, then the Administrative Agent: 

(i) shall be deemed to have done so as an agent for each Secured Party, and this Agreement shall constitute a written agreement in such regard between each Secured Party and the Administrative Agent within the meaning of the applicable AML Legislation; and 

(ii) shall provide to each Secured Party copies of all information obtained in such regard without any representation or warranty as to its accuracy or completeness. 

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence and except as may otherwise be agreed in writing, each of the Lenders agrees that the Administrative Agent has no obligation to ascertain the identity of the Loan Parties or any authorized signatories of the Loan Parties on behalf of any Lender, or to confirm the completeness or accuracy of any information it obtains from any Loan Party or any such authorized signatory in doing so. 
 Section 9.24 Amendment and Restatement . This Agreement amends, restates and supersedes in full the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the U.S. Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents are not intended and should not be construed to (a) deem the Borrowers to have repaid or otherwise discharged any amount of principal of or interest of the Existing Loans or the Existing Letters of Credit, (b) effect (with respect to the Collateral in which the Administrative Agent retains a security interest or lien previously granted to the Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement, the Existing Security Agreement or any other document, agreement or instrument executed in connection therewith) a novation or otherwise to release such security interests or liens or (c) effect a novation or otherwise release the obligations and liabilities under, or extinguish such obligations and liabilities evidenced by, the Existing Credit Agreement, the Existing Letters of Credit or any other document, agreement or instrument executed in connection therewith. 

Section 9.25 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit 
 	 160 

Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 Article X Loan Guaranty of U.S. Loan Parties 

Section 10.01 Guaranty . Each Loan Guarantor (other than those that have delivered a separate Guaranty) that is a U.S. Loan Party (each reference to Loan Guarantors in this Article X being limited to U.S. Loan Parties) hereby agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and, as a primary obligor and not merely as surety, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Secured Parties, the prompt payment and performance when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Secured Obligations and all costs and expenses, including, without limitation, all court costs and attorneys and paralegals fees (including allocated costs of in-house counsel and paralegals) and expenses paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders in endeavoring to collect all or any part of the Secured Obligations from, or in prosecuting any action against, any Borrower, any other Loan Guarantor or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Secured Obligations (such costs and expenses, together with the Secured Obligations, collectively the Guaranteed Obligations provided , however , that the definition of Guaranteed Obligations shall not create any guarantee by any Loan Guarantor of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Guarantor to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Guarantor). Each Loan Guarantor further agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed in whole or in part without notice to or further assent from it, and that it remains bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any such extension or renewal. All terms of this Loan Guaranty apply to and may be enforced by or on behalf of any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of any Lender or Issuing Bank that extended any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations. 

Section 10.02 Guaranty of Payment . This Loan Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. Each Loan Guarantor waives any right to require the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender to sue any Borrower, any other Loan Guarantor, any other guarantor of, or any other Person obligated for, all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (each, an Obligated Party ), or to enforce its rights against any collateral securing all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations. 

Section 10.03 No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty . (a) Except as otherwise provided for herein, the obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations), including: (i) any claim of waiver, release, extension, renewal, settlement, surrender, alteration or compromise of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, by operation of law or otherwise; (ii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of any Loan Party or any other Obligated Party liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting any Obligated Party 

161 

or their assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Obligated Party; or (iv) the existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which any Loan Guarantor may have at any time against any Obligated Party, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or in any unrelated transaction. 

(b) The obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are not subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit payment by any Obligated Party, of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof. 

(c) Further, the obligations of any Loan Guarantor hereunder are not discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by: (i) the failure of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; (ii) any waiver or modification of or supplement to any provision of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any release, non-perfection or invalidity of any indirect or direct security for the obligations of any Loan Party for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any obligations of any other Obligated Party liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (iv) any action or failure to act by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender with respect to any collateral securing any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; or (v) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other circumstance, act, omission or delay that might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Loan Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Loan Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations). 

Section 10.04 Defenses Waived . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Guarantor hereby waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any Loan Guarantor or the unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any Loan Guarantor or any other Obligated Party, other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against any Obligated Party or any other Person. Each Loan Guarantor confirms that it is not a surety under any state law and shall not raise any such law as a defense to its obligations hereunder. The Administrative Agent may, at its election, foreclose on any Collateral held by it by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such Collateral in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise act or fail to act with respect to any collateral securing all or a part of the Guaranteed Obligations, compromise or adjust any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation with any Obligated Party or exercise any other right or remedy available to it against any Obligated Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of such Loan Guarantor under this Loan Guaranty except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have been fully and indefeasibly paid in cash. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any such election even though that election may operate, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Loan Guarantor against any Obligated Party or any security. 

Section 10.05 Rights of Subrogation . No Loan Guarantor will assert any right, claim or cause of action, including, without limitation, a claim of subrogation, contribution or indemnification, that it has against any Obligated Party or any Collateral, until the Loan Parties have fully performed all their obligations to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Lenders, and the other Secured Parties. 

162 

Section 10.06 Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration . If at any time any payment of any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Loan Guarantor or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a Secured Party in its discretion), each Loan Guarantor s obligations under this Loan Guaranty with respect to that payment shall be reinstated at such time as though the payment had not been made and whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Lenders, or the other Secured Parties are in possession of this Loan Guaranty. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Loan Party, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations shall nonetheless be payable by the Loan Guarantors forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent. 

Section 10.07 Information . Each Loan Guarantor assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of the Loan Parties financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that each Loan Guarantor assumes and incurs under this Loan Guaranty, and agrees that none of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender shall have any duty to advise any Loan Guarantor of information known to it regarding those circumstances or risks. 

Section 10.08 Termination . Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank may continue to make loans or extend credit to the Borrowers based on this Loan Guaranty until five (5) days after it receives written notice of termination from any Loan Guarantor. Notwithstanding receipt of any such notice, each Loan Guarantor will continue to be liable to the Lenders for any Guaranteed Obligations created, assumed or committed to prior to the fifth day after receipt of the notice, and all subsequent renewals, extensions, modifications and amendments with respect to, or substitutions for, all or any part of such Guaranteed Obligations. Nothing in this Section 10.08 shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of, or eliminate, limit, reduce or otherwise impair any rights or remedies the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have in respect of, any Default or Event of Default that shall exist under Article VII hereof as a result of any such notice of termination. 

Section 10.09 Taxes . Each payment of the Guaranteed Obligations will be made by each Loan Guarantor without withholding for any Taxes, unless such withholding is required by law. If any Loan Guarantor determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it is so required to withhold Taxes, then such Loan Guarantor may so withhold and shall timely pay the full amount of withheld Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. If such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the amount payable by such Loan Guarantor shall be increased as necessary so that, net of such withholding (including such withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section), the Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank (as the case may be) receives the amount it would have received had no such withholding been made, and Section 2.17(g) shall apply to the extent relevant. 

Section 10.10 Maximum Liability . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Loan Guaranty, the amount guaranteed by each Loan Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to the extent, if any, required so that its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, Uniform Voidable Transaction Act or similar statute or common law. In determining the limitations, if any, on the amount of any Loan Guarantor s obligations hereunder pursuant to the preceding sentence, it is the intention of the parties hereto that any rights of subrogation, indemnification or contribution which such Loan Guarantor may have under this Loan Guaranty, any other agreement or applicable law shall be taken into account. 

Section 10.11 Contribution . 

163 

(a) To the extent that any Loan Guarantor shall make a payment under this Loan Guaranty (a Guarantor Payment which, taking into account all other Guarantor Payments then previously or concurrently made by any other Loan Guarantor, exceeds the amount which otherwise would have been paid by or attributable to such Loan Guarantor if each Loan Guarantor had paid the aggregate Guaranteed Obligations satisfied by such Guarantor Payment in the same proportion as such Loan Guarantor s Allocable Amount (as defined below) (as determined immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment) bore to the aggregate Allocable Amounts of each of the Loan Parties as determined immediately prior to the making of such Guarantor Payment, then, following indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guarantor Payment and the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations that have not yet arisen), and all Commitments and Letters of Credit have terminated or expired or, in the case of all Letters of Credit, are fully collateralized on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, and this Agreement, the Swap Agreement Obligations and the Banking Services Obligations have terminated, such Loan Guarantor shall be entitled to receive contribution and indemnification payments from, and be reimbursed by, each other Loan Guarantor for the amount of such excess, pro rata based upon their respective Allocable Amounts in effect immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment. 

(b) As of any date of determination, the Allocable Amount of any Loan Guarantor shall be equal to the excess of the fair saleable value of the property of such Loan Guarantor over the total liabilities of such Loan Guarantor (including the maximum amount reasonably expected to become due in respect of contingent liabilities, calculated, without duplication, assuming each other Loan Guarantor that is also liable for such contingent liability pays its ratable share thereof), giving effect to all payments made by other Loan Parties as of such date in a manner to maximize the amount of such contributions. 

(c) This Section 10.11 is intended only to define the relative rights of the Loan Guarantors, and nothing set forth in this Section 10.11 is intended to or shall impair the obligations of the Loan Guarantors, jointly and severally, to pay any amounts as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Article X. 

(d) The parties hereto acknowledge that the rights of contribution and indemnification hereunder shall constitute assets of the Loan Guarantor or Loan Guarantors to which such contribution and indemnification is owing. 

(e) The rights of the indemnifying Loan Guarantors against other Loan Guarantors under this Section 10.11 shall be exercisable upon the full and indefeasible payment of the Guaranteed Obligations in cash (other than Unliquidated Obligations that have not yet arisen) and the termination or expiry (or, in the case of all Letters of Credit, full cash collateralization), on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, of the Commitments and all Letters of Credit issued hereunder and the termination of this Agreement, the Swap Agreement Obligations and the Banking Services Obligations. 

Section 10.12 Liability Cumulative . The liability of each Loan Party as a Loan Guarantor under this Article X is in addition to and shall be cumulative with all liabilities of each Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or in respect of any obligations or liabilities of the other Loan Parties, without any limitation as to amount, unless the instrument or agreement evidencing or creating such other liability specifically provides to the contrary. 

Section 10.13 Keepwell . Each Qualified ECP Guarantor that is a Loan Guarantor under this Article X hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of its obligations under this Loan Guaranty in respect of a Swap Obligation (provided, however, that each such 

164 

Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 10.13 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 10.13 or otherwise under this Loan Guaranty voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). Except as otherwise provided herein, the obligations of each such Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 10.13 shall remain in full force and effect until the termination of all Swap Obligations. Each such Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 10.13 constitute, and this Section 10.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a( 18 (A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Section 10.14 Limitation on Canadian Loan Party Obligations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (including provisions that may override any other provision), in no event shall the Canadian Borrowers or any other Canadian Loan Party guarantee or be deemed to have guaranteed or become liable or obligated on a joint or several basis or otherwise for, or to have pledged any of its assets to secure, any Obligation of any U.S. Borrower or other U.S. Loan Party under this Agreement or under any of the other Loan Documents. All provisions contained in any Loan Document shall be interpreted consistently with this Section 10.14 to the extent possible, and where such other provisions conflict with the provisions of this Section 10.14, the provisions of this Section 10.14 shall govern. 

Article XI LOAN GUARANTY OF CANADIAN LOAN PARTIES 

Section 11.01 Guaranty . Each Loan Guarantor (other than those that have delivered a separate Guaranty) that is a Canadian Loan Party (each reference to Loan Guarantors in this Article XI being limited to such Canadian Loan Parties), hereby agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and, as a primary obligor and not merely as surety, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Secured Parties, the prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Canadian Secured Obligations and all costs and expenses, including, without limitation, all court costs and attorneys and paralegals fees (including allocated costs of in-house counsel and paralegals) and expenses paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in endeavoring to collect all or any part of the Canadian Secured Obligations from, or in prosecuting any action against, any Canadian Borrower, any Loan Guarantor or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Canadian Secured Obligations (such costs and expenses, together with the Canadian Secured Obligations, collectively the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations provided, however, that the definition of Canadian Guaranteed Obligations shall not create any guarantee by any Loan Guarantor of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Guarantor to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Guarantor). Each Loan Guarantor further agrees that the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed in whole or in part without notice to or further assent from it (in each case other than any consent of such Loan Guarantor expressly required by the applicable Loan Document), and that it remains bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any such extension or renewal. All terms of this Loan Guaranty apply to and may be enforced by or on behalf of any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of any Lender that extended any portion of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations. 

Section 11.02 Guaranty of Payment . This Loan Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. Each Loan Guarantor waives any right to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to sue any Canadian Borrower, any Loan Guarantor, any other guarantor of, or any other Person obligated for, all or any part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations (each, a Canadian Obligated Party ), or otherwise 

165 

to enforce its payment against any collateral securing all or any part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations. 

Section 11.03 No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty . 

(a) Except as otherwise provided for herein, the obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations), including: (i) any claim of waiver, release, extension, renewal, settlement, surrender, alteration or compromise of any of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations, by operation of law or otherwise; (ii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of any Canadian Borrower or any other Canadian Obligated Party liable for any of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership, arrangement or other similar proceeding affecting any Canadian Obligated Party or its assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Canadian Obligated Party; or (iv) the existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which any Loan Guarantor may have at any time against any Canadian Obligated Party, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or in any unrelated transactions. 

(b) The obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are not subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit payment by any Canadian Obligated Party, of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof. 

(c) Further, the obligations of any Loan Guarantor hereunder are not discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by: (i) the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy with respect to all or any part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations; (ii) any waiver or modification of or supplement to any provision of any agreement relating to the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations other than waivers, modifications or amendments to the Loan Documents effected in accordance therewith; (iii) any release, non-perfection or invalidity of any indirect or direct security for the obligations of any Canadian B orrower for all or any part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations or any obligations of any other Canadian Obligated Party liable for any of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations; (iv) any action or failure to act by the Administrative Agent or any Lender with respect to any collateral securing any part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations; or (v) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the payment or performance of any of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations, or any other circumstance, act, omission or delay that might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Loan Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Loan Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations). 

Section 11.04 Defenses Waived . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Guarantor hereby waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any Borrower or any Loan Guarantor or the unenforceability of all or any part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any Borrower, any Loan Guarantor or any other Canadian Obligated Party, other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided 

166 

for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against any Canadian Obligated Party or any other Person. Each Loan Guarantor confirms that it is not a surety under any federal, provincial or other applicable law and shall not raise any such law as a defense to its obligations hereunder. The Administrative Agent may, at its election, foreclose on any Collateral held by it by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such Collateral in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise act or fail to act with respect to any collateral securing all or a part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations, compromise or adjust any part of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation with any Canadian Obligated Party or exercise any other right or remedy available to it against any Canadian Obligated Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of such Loan Guarantor under this Loan Guaranty except to the extent the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations have been fully and indefeasibly paid in cash. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any such election even though that election may operate, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Loan Guarantor against any Canadian Obligated Party or any security. 

Section 11.05 Rights of Subrogation . No Loan Guarantor will assert any right, claim or cause of action, including a claim of subrogation, contribution or indemnification, that it has against any Canadian Obligated Party or any collateral, until the Loan Parties have fully performed all their obligations to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders. 

Section 11.06 Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration . If at any time any payment of any portion of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Canadian Borrower or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a Secured Party in its discretion), each Loan Guarantor s obligations under this Loan Guaranty with respect to that payment shall be reinstated at such time as though the payment had not been made and whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders are in possession of this Loan Guaranty. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Canadian Borrower, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any agreement relating to the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations shall nonetheless be payable by the Loan Guarantors forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent. 

Section 11.07 Information . Each Loan Guarantor assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of the Canadian Borrowers financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that each Loan Guarantor assumes and incurs under this Loan Guaranty, and agrees that none of the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall have any duty to advise any Loan Guarantor of information known to it regarding those circumstances or risks. 

Section 11.08 Termination . Each of the Canadian Lenders may continue to make loans or extend credit to the Canadian Borrowers based on this Loan Guaranty until 5 days after it receives written notice of termination from any Loan Guarantor. Notwithstanding receipt of any such notice, each Loan Guarantor will continue to be liable to the Canadian Lenders for any Canadian Guaranteed Obligations created, assumed or committed to prior to the fifth day after receipt of the notice, and all subsequent renewals, extensions, modifications and amendments with respect to, or substitutions for, all or any part of such Canadian Guaranteed Obligations. Nothing in this Section 11.08 shall be deemed to constitute a 

167 

waiver of, or eliminate, limit, reduce or otherwise impair any rights or remedies the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have in respect of, any Default or Event of Default that shall exist under clause (o) of Article VII hereof as a result of any such notice of termination. 

Section 11.09 Taxes . Each payment of the Canadian Guaranteed Obligations will be made by each Loan Guarantor without withholding for any Taxes, unless such withholding is required by law. If any Loan Guarantor determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it is so required to withhold Taxes, then such Loan Guarantor may so withhold and shall timely pay the full amount of withheld Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. If such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the amount payable by such Loan Guarantor shall be increased as necessary so that, net of such withholding (including such withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section), the Administrative Agent or a Canadian Lender (as the case may be) receives the amount it would have received had no such withholding been made, and Section 2.17(g) shall apply to the extent relevant. 

Section 11.10 Maximum Liability . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Loan Guaranty, the amount guaranteed by each Loan Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to the extent, if any, required so that its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to avoidance under the BIA, Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act or similar federal, state or provincial or other statute or common law. In determining the limitations, if any, on the amount of any Loan Guarantor s obligations hereunder pursuant to the preceding sentence, it is the intention of the parties hereto that any rights of subrogation, indemnification or contribution which such Loan Guarantor may have under this Loan Guaranty, any other agreement or applicable law shall be taken into account. 

Section 11.11 Liability Cumulative . The liability of each Canadian Loan Party as a Loan Guarantor under this Article XI is in addition to and shall be cumulative with all liabilities of each Canadian Loan Party to the Administrative Agent and the Canadian Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Canadian Loan Party is a party or in respect of any obligations or liabilities of the other Canadian Loan Parties, without any limitation as to amount, unless the instrument or agreement evidencing or creating such other liability specifically provides to the contrary. 

Section 11.12 Keepwell . Each Qualified ECP Guarantor that is a Loan Guarantor under this Article XI hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of its obligations under this Guarantee in respect of a Swap Obligation (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 11.13 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 11.13 or otherwise under this Loan Guaranty voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). Except as otherwise provided herein, the obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 11.13 shall remain in full force and effect until the termination of all Swap Obligations. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 11.13 constitute, and this Section 11.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Canadian Borrower shall have no joint and several or keepwell liability hereunder. 

168 

Article XII The Borrower Representative 

Section 12.01 Appointment; Nature of Relationship . The Borrower Representative is hereby appointed by each of the Borrowers as its contractual representative hereunder and under each other Loan Document, and each of the Borrowers irrevocably authorizes the Borrower Representative to act as the contractual representative of such Borrower with the rights and duties expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. The Borrower Representative agrees to act as such contractual representative upon the express conditions contained in this Article XII. Additionally, (a) the U.S. Borrowers hereby appoint the Borrower Representative as their agent to receive all of the proceeds of the Loans in the Funding Account(s) of the U.S. Borrowers, at which time the Borrower Representative shall promptly disburse such Loans to the appropriate U.S. Borrower(s), provided that, in the case of a Revolving Loan, such amount shall not exceed the lesser of Aggregate Availability or U.S. Availability, and (b) the Canadian Borrowers hereby appoint URBN Canada as their agent to receive all of the proceeds of the Loans in the Funding Account(s) of the Canadian Borrowers, at which time URBN Canada shall promptly disburse such Loans to the appropriate Canadian Borrower(s), provided that, in the case of a Revolving Loan, such amount shall not exceed the lesser of Aggregate Availability or Canadian Availability. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and their respective officers, directors, agents or employees, shall not be liable to the Borrower Representative or any Borrower for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Borrower Representative or the Borrowers pursuant to this Section 12.01. 

Section 12.02 Powers . The Borrower Representative shall have and may exercise such powers under the Loan Documents as are specifically delegated to the Borrower Representative by the terms of each thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Borrower Representative shall have no implied duties to the Borrowers, or any obligation to the Lenders to take any action thereunder except any action specifically provided by the Loan Documents to be taken by the Borrower Representative. 

Section 12.03 Employment of Agents . The Borrower Representative may execute any of its duties as the Borrower Representative hereunder and under any other Loan Document by or through authorized officers. 

Section 12.04 Notices . Each Borrower shall immediately notify the Borrower Representative of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder referring to this Agreement describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that the Borrower Representative receives such a notice, the Borrower Representative shall give prompt notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. Any notice provided to the Borrower Representative hereunder shall constitute notice to each Borrower on the date received by the Borrower Representative. 

Section 12.05 Successor Borrower Representative . Upon the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower Representative may resign at any time, such resignation to be effective upon the appointment of a successor Borrower Representative. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt written notice of such resignation to the Lenders. 

Section 12.06 Execution of Loan Documents; Borrowing Base Certificate . The Borrowers hereby empower and authorize the Borrower Representative, on behalf of the Borrowers, to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders the Loan Documents and all related agreements, certificates, documents, or instruments as shall be necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Borrowing Base Certificates and the Compliance Certificates. Each Borrower agrees that any action taken by the Borrower Representative or the Borrowers 

169 

in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and the exercise by the Borrower Representative of its powers set forth therein or herein, together with such other powers that are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be binding upon all of the Borrowers. 

Section 12.07 Reporting . Each Borrower hereby agrees that such Borrower shall furnish promptly after each fiscal month to the Borrower Representative a copy of its Borrowing Base Certificate and any other certificate or report required hereunder or requested by the Borrower Representative on which the Borrower Representative shall rely to prepare the Borrowing Base Certificates and Compliance Certificate required pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 

(Signature Pages Follow) 
 
 	 170 

COMMITMENT SCHEDULE 

Lender 
 Aggregate Commitment 
 LC Individual Sublimit 
 Canadian Sublimit 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 153,125,000 
 17,500,000 
 0 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch 
 0 
 0 
 15,312,500 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 87,500,000 
 10,000,000 
 0 

Wells Fargo Capital Finance Corporation Canada 
 0 
 0 
 8,750,000 

Bank of America, N.A. 
 65,625,000 
 7,500,000 
 0 

Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch) 
 0 
 0 
 6,562,500 

HSBC Bank USA, National Association 
 43,750,000 
 5,000,000 
 4,375,000 

Total 
 350, 000 , 000 
 40,000,000 
 35,000,000 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 5
 urbn-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Urban Outfitters, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation 
 (as of January 31, 2023) 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

URBN US Retail LLC (f/k/a Anthropologie, Inc.) 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Urban Outfitters Wholesale, Inc. 
 
 Pennsylvania 

URBN UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

URBN Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

UO Fenwick, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

URBN Canada Retail, Inc. 
 
 Canada 

Urban Outfitters Ireland Limited 
 
 Ireland 

U.O. Real Estate LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

U.O. Real Estate Holding I LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

U.O. Real Estate Holding II LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Urban Outfitters Denmark (Branch of URBN UK Limited, UK) 
 
 Denmark 

Urban Outfitters i Sverige AB 
 
 Sweden 

URBN Netherlands Retail BV 
 
 Netherlands 

Urban Outfitters Belgium BVBA 
 
 Belgium 

Urban Outfitters Germany GmbH 
 
 Germany 

HK Sourcing Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

URBN HK Trading Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

UO US LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Urban Outfitters UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Anthropologie UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

UO Bermuda Limited 
 
 Bermuda 

URBN Bermuda Holding Ltd 
 
 Bermuda 

URBN Ireland Retail Ltd 
 
 Ireland 

URBN Spain Retail S.L. 
 
 Spain 

URBN France Retail SARL 
 
 France 

URBN PR Holding, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

URBN Italy Retail SRL 
 
 Italy 

URBN Puerto Rico LLC 
 
 Puerto Rico 

URBN India Sourcing Design Solutions Limited 
 
 India 

URBN International Operations Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

URBN Holdings UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

URBN Turkey Sourcing Design Solutions Limited URBN Group Holdings LP 
 
 Turkey United Kingdom 

URBN FNB Holdings LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

URBN Waverly Amis LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

URBN NVY LoSp LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

URBN VP Holdings LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

URBN Callowhill LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

URBN Chancellor LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

URBN 14th Street LLC 
 
 Washington DC 

URBN Devon Yard LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

URBN Church Lane Amis LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

URBN KOP Pavilion LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

URBN Trading (Shanghai) Co, Ltd. URBN Bethesda Row LLC URBN Austria GmbH 
 
 China Maryland Austria 

URBN SR LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

URBN Poland sp ka z ograniczon odpowiedzialno ci 
 
 Poland 

URBN Singapore Sourcing Pte. Ltd. URBN Global Design LLC 
 
 Singapore Pennsylvania 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 urbn-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-33603, 333-38648, 333-84333, 333-119878, 333-153149, 333-183902 and 333-219285 on Form S-8 of our reports dated April 3, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Urban Outfitters, Inc. and the effectiveness of Urban Outfitters, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Urban Outfitters, Inc. for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 April 3, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 7
 urbn-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Richard A. Hayne, certify that: 
 1. 	 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Urban Outfitters, Inc.; 
 2. 	 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. 	 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) 	 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) 	 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) 	 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) 	 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 
 a) 	 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) 	 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ R ICHARD A. H AYNE 

Richard A. Hayne Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 8
 urbn-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Melanie Marein-Efron, certify that: 
 1. 	 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Urban Outfitters, Inc.; 
 2. 	 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. 	 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) 	 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) 	 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) 	 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) 	 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 
 a) 	 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) 	 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ M ELANIE M AREIN -E FRON 

Melanie Marein-Efron Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 9
 urbn-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Richard A. Hayne, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that (1) the Form 10-K of Urban Outfitters, Inc. (the Company for the year ended January 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K ), fully complies with requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and (2) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ R ICHARD A. H AYNE 

Richard A. Hayne Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 10
 urbn-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32. 2 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Melanie Marein-Efron, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that (1) the Form 10-K of Urban Outfitters, Inc. (the Company for the year ended January 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K ), fully complies with requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and (2) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ M ELANIE M AREIN -E FRON 

Melanie Marein-Efron Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 urbn-20230131.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 urbn-20230131_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 urbn-20230131_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 urbn-20230131_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 urbn-20230131_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

