<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230404_10-K_edgar_data_1847513_0001410578-23-000614.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6385720</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>585103</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1013551</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2100275</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1075527</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1489946</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000614.hdr.sgml : 20230404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403180514
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000614
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. 2
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847513
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981582723
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40510
		FILM NUMBER:		23794238

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		251 LYTTON AVENUE, SUITE 200
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 543-8180

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		251 LYTTON AVENUE, SUITE 200
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000614.txt : 20230404

10-K
 1
 tronu-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Auditor: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: PCAOB ID , NY As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A ordinary shares ), held by non-affiliates of the registrant was (based on the Nasdaq closing sales price of the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022 of 10.06). As of April 3, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share and shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share of the registrant issued and outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A . Risk Factors 24 Item 1B . Unresolved Staff Comments 62 Item 2. Properties 63 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 63 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 63 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 64 Item 6. [Reserved] 65 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 65 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 71 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 72 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 72 Item 9A . Controls and Procedures 72 Item 9B . Other Information 73 Item 9C . Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 73 PART III Item 10 . Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 74 Item 11 . Executive Compensation 84 Item 12 . Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 85 Item 13 . Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 88 Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services 89 PART IV Item 15 . Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 90 Item 16 . Form 10-K Summary 92 SIGNATURES 93 

Table of Contents 
 CERTAIN TERMS Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or the context otherwise requires, references to: amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association adopted in connection with our Initial Public Offering and amended in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting; Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; Extraordinary General Meeting are to the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on June 15, 2022; founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our Initial Public Offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares Initial Public Offering are to the company s offering on June 16, 2021 of 18,500,000 units (which includes an additional 1,000,000 units sold pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option) at a price of 10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant; initial shareholders are to our sponsor and each other holder of founder shares upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering; management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; private placement warrants are to the warrants that were issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering and to be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our Initial Public Offering (whether they were purchased in our Initial Public Offering or thereafter in the open market); public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; sponsor are to CGA Sponsor 2, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; U.S. Holder means a beneficial owner of units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust if (A) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (B) it has in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person; and we, us, our, company, our company or Corner Growth are to Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2, a Cayman Islands exempted company. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; our ability to complete our initial business combination; our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses (including Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. and Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 3) and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or our financial performance following our Initial Public Offering. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in February 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to our organizational activities and activities relating to the Initial Public Offering and the identification and evaluation of prospective acquisition targets for our initial business combination. We have generated no operating revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we consummate our initial business combination. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we focus on industries that complement our management team s background, and in our search for targets for our initial business combination seek to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business, focusing on the technology industry. In particular, we are targeting companies in the United States and other developed countries. We may pursue a transaction in which our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination would collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company. Our Team We seek to build upon the experience and successes of Corner Ventures, a venture capital firm affiliated with our management, and its predecessor firm, DAG Ventures, by pursuing investment opportunities in fast-growing technology companies. Mr. Cadeddu, our Co-Chairman, and Mr. Tien, our Co-Chairman and CEO, serve as General Partners and Managing Directors of Corner Ventures. Corner Ventures is an American venture capital firm that invests into early growth rounds of high-potential companies, typically leading the round in which they invest. John Cadeddu and Marvin Tien began investing together several years ago while John was with DAG Ventures and Marvin ran his family office investment platform in Asia and the U.S. In 2018, DAG Ventures co-founders, after five fund generations and a 17-year legacy, partnered with Marvin to start Corner Ventures. Corner Ventures aim was, and is, to generate best-in-class investment returns by sourcing and investing in emerging, early-growth stage technology companies that could grow into global category leaders. Corner Ventures and its predecessor funds have backed over 200 different companies, with more than 30 public exits and more than 70 exits via acquisition, and maintain a network of relationships with leading early-stage investors, entrepreneurs, and executives. Selected examples include: Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMBA), Bloom Energy Corporation (NYSE: BE), Eventbrite, Inc. (NYSE: EB), FireEye, Inc. (NASDAQ: FEYE), Glassdoor, Inc. (acquired by Recruit Holdings Co., Ltd.), Grubhub Inc. (NASDAQ: GRUB), iZettle AB (acquired by PayPal Holdings Inc. PayPal )), Jasper Technologies, Inc. (acquired by Cisco Systems), Nextdoor Inc., 1Life Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ: ONEM), OptiMedica Corporation (acquired by Abbott Medical Optics AMO )), Silver Peak Systems, Inc. (acquired by Hewlett Packard Enterprise HPE )), Wealthfront Inc., WeWork Companies Inc., Wix.com Ltd. (NASDAQ: WIX), Xoom Corporation (listed as XOOM on the Nasdaq Global Select Market prior to being acquired by PayPal) and Yelp Inc. (NYSE: YELP). We believe our team s collective 70+ years of investment experience, over 17-year legacy of investing in growth-stage technology companies alongside leading early-stage venture capital investors and record of helping founders build category-leading technology companies, in addition to our broad industry and geographical reach across our networks, provide us with a substantial competitive advantage in pursuing a wide range of opportunities. See Risk Factors Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Industry Opportunity In each category within the technology sector, market share and profitability are often concentrated in a small number of leading companies per category due to network effects, switching costs and other characteristics of technology that often result in a winner-take-all business model. As a result, an increasing share of the world s most valuable companies come from the technology sector. Investing at the growth stage in the more disruptive and revolutionary technology companies has generally been available only to private market investors with long-developed personal networks able to identify and source these companies as they demonstrate sustained breakouts to their business models. In order to enjoy substantial investment appreciation, it is increasingly important to identify market and technology trends and those companies best positioned for success at an early stage. We seek to leverage our team s experience with growth-stage investing, expertise in identifying companies demonstrating product-market fit and sustained growth, and track record in backing technology companies to identify, support, and acquire a target company. Our founders, Mr. Cadeddu and Mr. Tien, have established Corner Growth to shift the technology investment model forward. Their strong track record in identifying iconic technology companies, extensive global network and ability to foster long-term business relationships with technology company founders, provides us with a unique ability to help leading technology companies access the public markets at an earlier stage in their growth cycle. Until the invention and commercialization of the transistor, the world in which an individual was born remained largely unchanged throughout their life. The advent of modern computing and the semi-conductor in 1956, computing and successive generations of tools developed to leverage computing began to change economies within a lifespan. The rate of technology innovation over the past 70 years continues to accelerate as technological innovation builds upon itself and leverages into larger markets and across more industries. This technology acceleration and innovation may be categorized into four distinct phases: Phase 1 from 1960 through the 1980s, was characterized by hardware innovation bolstering computing power; Phase II from 1990 through 2003, was characterized by the software-based design tools to continue and accelerate computing technology and design cycles; Phase III from 2004 through 2017, was characterized by cloud-based computing allowing computing and data at industrial scale, and the software tools that allow for the monetization of the resulting data; and Phase IV we anticipate this current phase, starting in 2018, will continue the trend of increasing technology s share of global GDP by creating new, large markets and significant value for investors at the expense of legacy industries. Key technological advances and practices, such as cloud computing, data analytics, machine vision and learning, mobile computing, open source software development, developer-focused software tools, quantum computing and software-defined networking, are examples of a growing array of powerful tools employed by nimble, fast-growing technology companies unburdened with legacy business models or modes of thought, to rapidly disrupt ever-larger sectors of the global economy. Investors able to identify trends and patterns early in the cycle, support strong management teams in executing an accelerated growth plan and furnish the capital and structure to sustain such growth will be well-positioned to share in this phase s value creation. As of January 2022, we estimate there were more than 550 private U.S. technology companies with a capitalization in excess of 1.0 billion, commonly referred to as unicorns. In comparison, as of January 2023, we estimate there remains more than 500 private U.S. technology companies with a capitalization in excess of 1.0 billion. Corner Ventures, and its predecessor firm, has invested in 27 unicorns to date. The Current Technology Initial Public Offering Market As they assumed major roles in the global economy and achieved significant financial scale, many technology companies witnessed a changing financial landscape over the last decade that allowed them to remain private for longer periods. For over a decade, substantial capital flowed into private equity markets, seeking technology-related investments. This inflow grew venture capital fund sizes and the number of venture capital funds while also adding non-venture capital investors, such as sovereign wealth funds, mutual funds, hedge funds and corporate investors, to the ever-growing array of private technology company financing options. Historically, the decision to access public markets through an initial public offering tended to be driven by a desire for growth capital and a venue for efficient pre-initial public offering shareholder liquidity; however, it is now a strategic business decision as changes in private markets now allow for greater access to growth capital. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Furthermore, the private market has matured to establish well-developed secondary markets that are capable of providing liquidity to founders, employees and investors. The traditional technology company initial public offering process, which has been largely unchanged for decades, has also acted as a driving force to deter private company management teams and their pre-initial public offering stakeholders from pursuing initial public offerings. We believe management distraction, a sub-optimal price discovery mechanism and the resultant longer-term aftermarket impact have discouraged private technology companies from pursuing initial public offerings. This tends to be true even for businesses that are otherwise operationally ready and of appropriate size to access the public markets. Management distraction : Preparation for and execution of an initial public offering requires management teams to devote considerable time and attention to the lengthy initial public offering process, including document drafting, underwriter selection and extensive investor engagement. This significant commitment can potentially distract management teams from focusing on the company s product and growth strategies, a particularly challenging dynamic for high-growth technology company executives. Price discovery and shareholder base development : The process for technology initial public offering demand generation often produces initial public offering order books that are significantly oversubscribed, but lacks an effective price discovery mechanism and encourages participation from many investors that are focused on short-term performance. Furthermore, limited price discovery and short-term focused investors can create a misalignment of incentives during the initial public offering share allocation process between technology companies and their underwriters. The current technology initial public offering book-build process fails to deliver the requisite information to technology company management teams, pre-initial public offering stakeholders and underwriters to make informed judgements regarding initial public offering pricing and allocation decisions and alternatives. Longer-term impacts : A technology initial public offering book build that is characterized by ineffective price discovery and initial public shareholder base development can lead to material longer-term negative impacts for companies completing an initial public offering, such as shareholder base turnover and increased share price volatility. These dynamics have far-reaching effects on newly public companies and can impair a management team s ability to focus on long-term value creation. 
 Notwithstanding the above deterrents, we believe companies, at a certain stage in their development, will realize material benefits with being publicly traded, including increasing brand and company awareness, developing a more liquid acquisition currency and diversifying funding sources while reducing their cost of capital. An acquisition by a blank check company with a management team that is well-known to, and respected by, technology company founders, their current investors and their management teams, we believe, can provide a more transparent and efficient mechanism to bring a private technology company to the public markets than a traditional initial public offering. The sourcing network of our management team is over 20 years old. Our management team started building their unique sourcing network in early 2001 during the dot-com bust. Over time, they developed long-term trusted relationships with seed and early stage investors across the United States, Europe and Israel, and have invested in over 200 private companies, backing founders and executives who are now spread (after their company was acquired or went public) across hundreds of technology companies. Further, Corner Ventures existing portfolio companies, the latest companies started by founders and executives whom our management team has previously supported, and companies in portfolios of Corner Ventures co-investors, collectively offer a unique pipeline of high growth, category leading, target companies that we look to as potential sources of acquisition targets. Our Acquisition and Value Creation Strategy We leverage what we believe is a competitive advantage in sourcing potential targets that materially benefits from our unique expertise and where we are best situated to augment the value of the business following the completion of the initial business combination. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 We believe our management team is well positioned to identify unique opportunities across the technology private company landscape. Our selection process leverages our relationships with leading technology company founders, executives of private and public companies, venture capitalists and growth equity funds, in addition to the extensive industry and geographical reach of the Corner Ventures platform, which we believe should provide us with a key competitive advantage in sourcing potential business combination targets. Given our profile and thematic approach, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, in particular founders of, and investors in, other private and public technology companies in our networks. We also believe that Corner Ventures reputation, experience and track record of making investments in the technology industry makes us a preferred partner for these potential targets. Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines to evaluate prospective target businesses. We may however, decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that we believe: are in the technology industry and can benefit from the extensive networks and insights we have built. In addition, we expect to evaluate targets in related industries that can use technology to drive meaningful operational improvements and efficiency gains, or enhance their strategic positions by using technology solutions to differentiate offerings; are ready to operate in the scrutiny of public markets, with strong management, corporate governance and reporting policies in place; will likely be well received by public investors and are expected to have good access to the public capital markets; are at an inflection point, such as those requiring significant additional capital to fund growth and expand operations, drive innovation, require additional operational expertise, or seek international exposure; have significant embedded and/or underexploited expansion opportunities; exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the market based on our company-specific analysis and due diligence review. For a potential target company, this process includes, among other things, a review and analysis of the company s capital structure, quality of earnings, if any, potential for growth and operational improvements, corporate governance, customers, material contracts, and industry background and trends; and will offer attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our shareholders. Financial returns are evaluated based on the (1) potential for organic growth in revenue and cash flows, (2) ability to accelerate growth, including through the opportunity for follow-on acquisitions and (3) prospects for creating value through other value creation initiatives. Potential upside from growth in the target business earnings and an improved capital structure will be weighed against any identified downside risks. 
 We may use other criteria and guidelines as well. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that fact in our shareholder communications related to the acquisition. As discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, this would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review that may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Each of our directors and officers, directly or indirectly, owns founder shares and/or private placement warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, such officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Our affiliates manage numerous investment vehicles, including Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. Corner Growth ), a special purpose acquisition company that has closed its initial public offering, and Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 3 Corner Growth 3 ), a special purpose acquisition company that has filed a registration statement with respect to its initial public offering. Like us, Corner Growth has focused its search for a target business in the technology industry in the United States and other developed countries and Corner Growth 3 intends to do the same. Accordingly, Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3 may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. In addition, each of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3, pursuant to which such officer or director is, or will be, required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her fiduciary duties. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to such officer s and director s fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. Initial Business Combination So long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest and other income earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on the Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Other Considerations We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. In addition, certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities (including Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3). As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he, she or it has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he, she or it will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. However, we do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds makes us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved, If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. Financial Position With funds available for a business combination in the amount of 69,648,731, as of December 31, 2022, after payment of 6,475,000 of deferred underwriting fees and before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our Initial Public Offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. Other than the potential availability of the backstop arrangement with our sponsor, we are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets We believe our management team s significant investment and operational experience and relationships with companies provides us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring, financing and selling businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. In addition, members of our management team have developed contacts from serving on the boards of directors or as board observers of several companies, including Ambarella (NASDAQ: AMBA), Bloom Energy (NYSE: BE), Eventbrite (NYSE: EB), FireEye (NASDAQ: FEYE), Glassdoor, Grubhub (NASDAQ: GRUB), One Medical (NASDAQ: ONEM), and Xoom. We believe this network provides our management team with a robust and consistent flow of acquisition opportunities that were proprietary or where a limited group of investors were invited to participate in the sale process. We believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team provides us with important sources of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers, or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, directors or officers. In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Pursuant to an administrative services agreement (the Administrative Services Agreement entered into on June 16, 2021, we have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of (A) 40,000 per month and continuing monthly until the termination Date, and (B) on the termination Date, an amount equal to 480,000 less any amounts previously paid by the Company for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees and pay such affiliate an amount equal to 480,000 less any amounts previously paid under the Administrative Services Agreement. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Our executive offices are located at 251 Lytton Avenue, Suite 200, Palo Alto, CA 94301 and our telephone number is (650) 543-8180. Mail addressed to the Company and received at its registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by the Company to be dealt with. None of the Company or its directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization that provides registered office services in the Cayman Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused with regards to mail reaching the forwarding address. Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review that may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management, director or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Under Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: we issue (other than in a public offering for cash) ordinary shares that will either (a) be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of Class A ordinary shares then outstanding or (b) have voting power equal to or in excess of 20 of the voting power then outstanding; any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 The Companies Act and Cayman Islands law do not currently require, and we are not aware of any other applicable law that will require, shareholder approval of our initial business combination. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; other time and budget constraints of the company; and additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 
 Permitted Purchases of Our Securities If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and are restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates are restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Second Extended Date (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, we are required to comply with the Nasdaq rules. If we hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, unless applicable law or applicable stock exchange rules require a different vote, in which case we will complete our initial business combination only if such requisite vote is received. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, after giving effect to the Tender Offer, the voting of our initial shareholders founder shares in favor our initial business combination will suffice to approve such initial business combination and we will not need any of the 18,500,000 public shares sold in our Initial Public Offering (or 3,304,435 public shares issued and outstanding after giving effect to the Tender Offer) to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. The initial shareholders have agreed not to propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial business combination or to redeem 100 of its public shares if the Company does not complete a business combination by the Second Extended Date (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. On May 17, 2022, the Company entered into a non-binding letter of intent (the Letter of Intent with a differentiated food tech platform (the Target for an initial business combination. The Target is a vertically integrated producer of premium bulk grains, value-added ingredients, and CPG goods, driving fundamental change with significant attention around supply chain certainty, food security, plant-based foods and ESG, and the Company believes the Target is a compelling investment opportunity given its vertical integration, commercial opportunity and macro tailwinds. The Company is continuing to pursue this opportunity. On June 15, 2022, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting (the Extraordinary General Meeting which amended the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination from June 21, 2022 (the Original Termination Date to March 21, 2023 (the First Extended Date ). As part of the Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem 11,093,735 Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling 111,062,537, or approximately 10.01 per share which includes 125,817 of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, 7,406,265 Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding. In order to support the extension to consummate an initial Business Combination to the First Extended Date, our sponsor agreed to deposit 244,407 into the Trust Account, which is an aggregate of 0.033 per Class A ordinary share for each month of the extension period up to and until October 21, 2022, pro-rated for partial months during the extension period, resulting in a maximum contribution of 977,627, or 0.132 per share of Class A ordinary shares that was not redeemed in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting. Contributions in the amount of 0.033 per Class A ordinary shares were funded on each of June, July, August and September 21, 2022. If the Company did not consummate its initial business combination as of October 21, 2022, the holders of Class A ordinary shares then outstanding will be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares on or about October 21, 2022. On October 21, 2022, the Company launched a fixed price tender offer (the Tender Offer to purchase and redeem its Class A ordinary shares at a purchase price of 10.21 per share of Class A ordinary shares, net to seller in cash and without interest upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Tender Offer. The Tender Offer expired at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on January 6, 2023. A total of 4,101,830 Class A ordinary shares were validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Tender Offer. The Company accepted for purchase all such Class A ordinary shares at a purchase price of 10.21 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 41,879,684.30. If we conduct further redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. On March 15, 2023 the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Second Extension Meeting ), to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Second Articles Amendment to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from March 21, 2023 to March 21, 2024 (the Second Extended Date and, such proposal, the Second Extension Amendment Proposal ). The shareholders of the Company approved the Second Extension Amendment Proposal at the Second Extension Meeting and on March 15, 2023, the Company filed the Second Articles Amendment with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies. As part of the Second Extension Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem 1,444,221 Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling 15,297,014, or approximately 10.59 per share which includes 854,804 of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, 1,444,221 Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding. The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred up to the date financial statements were issued. Based upon this review, other than as described below, the Company did not identify any other subsequent events, not previously disclosed, that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements. A total of 4,101,830 Class A ordinary shares were validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Tender Offer, which expired on January 6, 2023. The Company accepted for purchase all such Class A ordinary shares at a purchase price of 10.21 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 41,879,684.30. After giving effect to the Tender Offer, there are 3,304,435 Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding. In connection with the Tender Offer, the Sponsor deposited an additional 198,266 into the Trust Account (an aggregate of 0.06 per Class A ordinary share) on each of January, February and March 9, 2023. On March 15, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Second Extension Meeting ), to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Second Articles Amendment to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from March 21, 2023 to March 21, 2024 (such proposal, the Second Extension Amendment Proposal ). The shareholders of the Company approved the Second Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal at the Extension Meeting and on March 15, 2023, the Company filed the Second Articles Amendment with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies. As part of the Second Extension Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem 1,444,221 Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling 15,297,014, or approximately 10.59 per share which includes 854,804 of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, 1,444,221 Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding. The Company and the Sponsor have agreed that they will deposit into the trust account an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 0.04 per share or (ii) 65,000.00 for each month (the Second Monthly Contribution of the second extension period up and until February 21, 2024, resulting in a maximum contribution of 0.48 per share of Class A Ordinary Shares that is not redeemed in connection with the Second Extension Meeting (the Second Maximum Contribution , and the period from March 21, 2023 to March 21, 2024 the Second Guaranteed Payment Period ), subject to the Company s and the Sponsor s right to stop making said Monthly Contributions. This contribution will be funded on (or prior to) March 21, 2023, and on or prior to the 21st of each month thereafter through February 21, 2024; provided that, no such deposits will be made following the completion of any business combination. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 The per-share pro rata portion of the trust account on February 13, 2023 was approximately 10.50. In the event the Company or the Sponsor elects to stop funding the Second Monthly Contribution, which either may do in its sole discretion, all then outstanding holders of the Class A Ordinary Shares not redeemed in connection with the Second Extension Meeting will be given an opportunity to redeem their shares at that time, and any shareholder that redeems their shares in such an event will receive a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. On March 10, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company, the Sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of 4,475,000 shares of the Company s Class B Ordinary Shares, par value 0.0001 per share, elected to convert 4,475,000 shares of the Class B Ordinary Shares held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion, the Company will have an aggregate of 7,779,435 shares of Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding and 150,000 shares of Class B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding. In connection with the conversion, the Sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the trust account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. Since the conversion occurred after the record date of the Second Extension Meeting, there has been no impact to the votes required to approve the proposals or the counting of the votes at the Second Extension Meeting as a result of the conversion. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us or as otherwise provided in the proxy statement. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until the Second Extended Date. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we have until the Second Extended Date to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Second Extended Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer or director, or any other person. We expect that costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 117,686 held outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors, which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Cantor Fitzgerald Co. will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of the company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest that may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. We have access to up to 117,686 from our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims (including funds from the trust account available to pay dissolution costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Second Extended Date, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Second Extended Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at 251 Lytton Avenue, Suite 200, Palo Alto, California 94301. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 40,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have six executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. As of December 31, 2022, the Company continued to be an emerging growth company. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Prior to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 30 years from the date of the undertaking, no law that is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. Item 1A. Risk Factors Summary of Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including in the section entitled Risk Factors, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: Risks Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks We are a Cayman Islands exempted company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates, including may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Our expectations regarding changes and long-term growth in the technology industry may not materialize to the extent we expect, or at all. Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that could produce value for our shareholders. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. You do not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies and increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially increase the costs and time required to negotiate and complete an initial business combination and could potentially impair our ability to complete an initial business combination. 
 Risks Relating to Our Sponsor and Our Management Team Since our sponsor, executive officers, directors and other affiliates will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after our Initial Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses, including Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 
 Risks Relating to our Securities Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 
 General Risks Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 
 Our proximity to our liquidation date expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 We describe these risks in greater detail below. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are an exempted company under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Our expectations regarding changes and long-term growth in the technology industry may not materialize to the extent we expect, or at all. We expect favorable changes and long-term growth in the technology industry based on certain trends and assumptions. No assurance can be given that these trends and assumptions, or that our expectations surrounding the technology industry, will be accurate. Further, unanticipated events and circumstances may occur and change the outlook surrounding the technology industry in material ways. Accordingly, our expectations of growth in the technology industry may occur to a different extent or at a different time, or may not occur at all. If our expectations surrounding certain favorable changes in the technology industry do not occur to the degree that we expect, or at all, our ability to find a suitable initial business combination target and consummate an initial business combination may be hindered or delayed. In addition, in the short-term the technology industry may be materially and adversely affected by weak economic conditions. In particular, the technology space has been adversely impacted by inflationary pressure and certain precautions the federal government has undertaken to control it. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of a broad economic slowdown or recovery, and even if the overall economy is robust, we cannot assure you that the technology industry will experience growth to the extent we expect, or at all. Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. If our board of directors determines to complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our initial shareholders owned, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of our Initial Public Offering. Our sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, unless applicable law or applicable stock exchange rules require a different vote, in which case we will complete our initial business combination only if such requisite vote is received. As a result, after giving effect to the Tender Offer, the voting of our initial shareholders founder shares in favor our initial business combination will suffice to approve such initial business combination and we will not need any of the 18,500,000 public shares sold in our Initial Public Offering (or 3,304,435 public shares issued and outstanding after giving effect to the Tender Offer) to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Ukraine Conflict. We do not have employees or operations in Russia or Ukraine. Sanctions and other trade controls imposed by the United States and other governments in response to Russia s military operations in Ukraine could impact our ability to find a suitable target with which to consummate our initial business combination. While it is difficult to estimate the impact of current or future sanctions on our ability to find a suitable target with which to consummate our initial business combination, such sanctions could prevent us from consummating our initial business combination within the requisite time period. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 outbreak resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis that may continue to adversely affect economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected thereby. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to the continuing effects of COVID-19 impact or restrict travel, limit our ability to have meetings with potential investors, limit the ability to conduct due diligence, or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which continue to be highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing that may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of inflationary pressures, increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 or other infectious diseases may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein, including as a result of terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of infectious diseases. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to be a challenge both in the U.S. and globally. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, war, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. In the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 You do not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Second Extended Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances does a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants do not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means that since our units were immediately tradable, we have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our Initial Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would have prohibited the release of any interest and other income earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources are relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable are limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 If the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until the Second Extended Date, the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination could be limited, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022, we had 117,686 in cash held outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that, upon the closing of our Initial Public Offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be sufficient to allow us to operate until at least the Second Extended Date; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we may use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions including between the U.S. and China and between Russia and Ukraine or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, due to claims of such creditors, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of the company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 If we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond the Second Extended Date before redemption from our trust account. If we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the Second Extended Date before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,293 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. While there is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors, the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements require us to hold an annual general meeting within one year after our first full fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. Accordingly, we are required under the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements to hold an annual general meeting by December 31, 2023. However, we would not be required to hold an annual general meeting in the event that we complete an initial business combination prior to December 31, 2023. Until we hold an annual general meeting of shareholders, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are not entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares are not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of the company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we are not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors that may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our Initial Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred that could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business that may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with 181,551,649 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into account the 6,475,000, of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the estimated non-reimbursed expenses of our Initial Public Offering). As of December 31, 2022, following the payments made from the trust account to shareholders who elected to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting and the sponsor s contributions to the trust account in connection therewith, 76,123,731 (or 34,244,047 after giving effect to the Tender Offer) remained in the trust account for our use in completing our initial business combination. We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities that may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private or early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company, an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings. As a result, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our directors and officers endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business with which we pursue a business combination. Additionally, very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team endeavors to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement requires a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Second Extended Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution that requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter that prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those that relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting that shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 38.4 of our Class A ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022 (or 58.3 of our Class A ordinary shares after giving effect to the Tender Offer), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Second Extended Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, do not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Although we believe that the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants remaining in the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants remaining in the trust account prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price (as defined herein) of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value (as defined herein) is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income, or otherwise subject it to adverse tax consequences, in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes, or other adverse tax consequences, with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; complex withholding taxes on individuals; laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 tariffs and trade barriers; regulations related to customs and import/export matters; local or regional economic policies and market conditions; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; longer payment cycles; tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; currency fluctuations and exchange controls; rates of inflation; challenges in collecting accounts receivable; cultural and language differences; employment regulations; underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; corruption; protection of intellectual property; social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; regime changes and political upheaval; terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and deterioration of political relations with the United States. 
 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues that may adversely affect our operations. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following our Initial Public Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls on our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Changes in SEC regulations or policies may adversely impact our ability to negotiate and complete the Business Combination. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving special purposes acquisition companies and private operating companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; effectively eliminating the safe harbor relating to the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which special purposes acquisition companies could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide special purposes acquisition companies a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a special purposes acquisition company s duration, asset composition, business purpose, and activities. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially increase the costs and time needed to complete the Business Combination or impair our ability to complete the Business Combination. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to Our Sponsor and Our Management Team Since our sponsor, executive officers, directors and other affiliates will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they acquired during or may acquire after our Initial Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. On February 18, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.005 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 5,031,250 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. In March 2021, our sponsor transferred 50,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. Up to 656,250 of the Class B ordinary shares outstanding were subject to forfeiture by our sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment in connection with the Initial Public Offering was not exercised in full or in part. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, the sponsor forfeited 406,250 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, resulting in an aggregate of 4,625,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On March 10, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company, the sponsor elected to convert its 4,475,000 shares of Class B ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, with immediate effect. In connection with the conversion, the Sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the trust account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,950,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per warrant 7,425,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the Initial Public Offering. On June 15, 2022, the Company held Extraordinary General Meeting which amended the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination from Original Termination Date to the First Extended Date. As part of the Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem 11,093,735 Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling 111,062,537, or approximately 10.01 per share which includes 125,817 of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, 7,406,265 Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding. In order to support the extension to consummate an initial Business Combination to the First Extended Date, our sponsor agreed to deposit 244,407 into the Trust Account, which is an aggregate of 0.033 per Class A ordinary share for each month of the extension period up to and until October 21, 2022, pro-rated for partial months during the extension period, resulting in a maximum contribution of 977,627, or 0.132 per share of Class A ordinary shares that was not redeemed in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting. Contributions in the amount of 0.033 per Class A ordinary shares were funded on each of June, July, August and September 21, 2022. If the Company did not consummate its initial business combination as of October 21, 2022, the holders of Class A ordinary shares then outstanding will be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares on or about October 21, 2022. On October 21, 2022, the Company launched the Tender Offer to purchase and redeem its Class A ordinary shares at a purchase price of 10.21 per share of Class A ordinary shares, net to seller in cash and without interest upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Tender Offer. The Tender Offer expired at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on January 6, 2023. A total of 4,101,830 Class A ordinary shares were validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Tender Offer. The Company accepted for purchase all such Class A ordinary shares at a purchase price of 10.21 per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 41,879,684.30. If we do not consummate an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to or waiver of the letter agreement or registration and shareholder rights agreement prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to or waivers of such agreements in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendments or waivers would not require approval from our shareholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the Second Extended Date nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our executive officers and directors allocate their time to other businesses (including Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3) thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and do not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. In particular, an affiliate of our sponsor and our officers and directors participated in the formation of and/or are actively engaged in the management of Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3. Like us, Corner Growth is, and Corner Growth 3 intends to be, focused on the technology sector. In addition, our founders, sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities, including Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3, may compete with us for business combination opportunities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs that may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Following the completion of our Initial Public Offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including fiduciary and contractual duties to Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3, pursuant to which such officer or director is or may be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. We also do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interests. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct and such management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors, initial shareholders or other affiliates that may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors, initial shareholders or other affiliates. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors, initial shareholders or other affiliates, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 38.4 of our Class A ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022 (or 58.3 of our Class A ordinary shares after giving effect to the Tender Offer). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchase any units or Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is divided into three classes, each of which generally serves for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to Our Securities Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our units are currently listed on the Nasdaq and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants may also be listed following their date of separation. Although after giving effect to our Initial Public Offering we meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be, listed on the Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the Nasdaq initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those listing requirements at that time. If the Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), is restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 300,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 30,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of April 3, 2023, there were 6,485,214 and 150,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Immediately after our Initial Public Offering, there were preference shares issued and outstanding. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our Initial Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 
 Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement incorporated by reference to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise that represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we are required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant is exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we are not obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we are not required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event are we required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in the Initial Public Offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within 20 business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 The grant of registration rights to our sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into in connection with the closing of our Initial Public Offering, our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price, which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. None of the private placement warrants are redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 6,166,667 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered in our Initial Public Offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 4,950,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and restrictions on the issuance of securities, 
 each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: registration as an investment company with the SEC; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 
 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Second Extended Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination by the Second Extended Date, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Because each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units. We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 As previously disclosed in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the improper valuation of our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at the closing of our initial public offering. As a result of this material weakness, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. This material weakness resulted in a material misstatement of the initial carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and our earnings per share calculation for the affected periods. To respond to this material weakness, we have devoted, and plan to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance these processes to better evaluate our research and understanding of the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. Any failure to maintain such internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our ordinary shares are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our business. Failure to timely file will cause us to be ineligible to utilize short form registration statements on Form S-3 or Form S-4, which may impair our ability to obtain capital in a timely fashion to execute our business strategies or issue shares to effect an acquisition. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our ordinary shares. We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. Included on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are derivative liabilities related to our warrants. Accounting Standards Codification 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors, which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. General Risks Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Our proximity to our liquidation date expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements -Going Concern , management has determined that the date for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time which is considered to be one year from the issuance of these financial statements. The Company demonstrates adverse conditions that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year following the issuance of these financial statements. These adverse conditions are negative financial trends, specifically working capital deficiency and other adverse key financial ratios. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after the Second Extended Date. Since only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, upon the listing of our shares on the Nasdaq, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the Nasdaq; we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 
 We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a passive foreign investment company PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and, in the case of the start-up exception, potentially not until after the two taxable years following our current taxable year). Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request by a U.S. Holder, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Properties We currently maintain our executive offices at 251 Lytton Avenue, Suite 200, Palo Alto, California 94301. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 40,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (a) Market Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq under the symbols TRONU, TRON and TRONW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on June 17, 2021. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on August 9, 2021. (b) Holders As of December 31, 2022, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, three holders of our Class B ordinary shares and two holders of record of our warrants. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. (e) Performance Graph Not applicable. (f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Concurrently with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor purchased 4,950,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating proceeds of 7,425,000. Each private placement warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the trust account. If the company does not complete an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants are substantially similar to the warrants underlying the units issued in the Initial Public Offering, except that they are non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees. The sponsor and the company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their private placement warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial business combination. The sale of the private placement warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Use of Proceeds In connection with our Initial Public Offering, we incurred offering costs of 10,873,351 (including underwriting commissions of 3,700,000 and deferred underwriting commissions of 6,475,000). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of formation and preparation fees related to the Initial Public Offering. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion of 6,475,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which amount will be payable upon consummation of our initial business combination, if consummated) and our Initial Public Offering expenses, 185,000,000 of the net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants (or 10.00 per unit sold in our Initial Public Offering) was placed in the trust account. As of December 31, 2022, we had 117,686 in cash held outside the trust account and will be used to fund our operating expenses. The net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants are held in the trust account and are invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. (g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations References to the company, Corner Growth, our, us or we refer to Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2. The following discussion and analysis of the company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, words such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. No assurance can be given that results in any forward-looking statement will be achieved and actual results could be affected by one or more factors, which could cause them to differ materially. The cautionary statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on February 10, 2021 (inception) as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we focus on industries that complement our management team s background, and in our search for targets for our Business Combination seek to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business, focusing on the technology industry in the United States and other developed countries. The registration statement for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective on June 16, 2021. On June 21, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 18,500,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 185,000,000, and incurring offering costs of 10,873,351, inclusive of 6,475,000 in deferred underwriting commissions. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole public warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of 4,950,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,425,000. Each private placement warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and private placement, 185,000,000 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the private placement were placed in the trust account, located in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and are only invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by us meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the assets held in the trust account. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied toward consummating an initial Business Combination. On May 17, 2022, the Company entered into a non-binding letter of intent (the Letter of Intent with a differentiated food tech platform (the Target for an initial business combination. The Target is a vertically integrated producer of premium bulk grains, value-added ingredients, and CPG goods, driving fundamental change with significant attention around supply chain certainty, food security, plant-based foods and ESG, and the Company believes the Target is a compelling investment opportunity given its vertical integration, commercial opportunity and macro tailwinds. The Company is continuing to pursue this opportunity. On June 15, 2022, the Extraordinary General Meeting which amended the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination from June 21, 2022 (the Original Termination Date to March 21, 2023 (the First Extended Date ). As part of the Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem 11,093,735 Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling 111,062,537, or approximately 10.01 per share which includes 125,817 of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, 7,406,265 Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding. In order to support the extension to consummate an initial Business Combination to the First Extended Date, our sponsor agreed to deposit 244,407 into the Trust Account, which is an aggregate of 0.033 per Class A ordinary share for each month of the extension period up to and until October 21, 2022, pro-rated for partial months during the extension period, resulting in a maximum contribution of 977,627, or 0.132 per share of Class A ordinary shares that was not redeemed in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting. Contributions in the amount of 0.033 per Class A ordinary shares were funded on each of June, July, August and September 21, 2022. If the Company did not consummate its initial business combination as of October 21, 2022, the holders of Class A ordinary shares then outstanding will be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares on or about October 21, 2022. On October 21, 2022, the Company launched the Tender Offer to purchase and redeem its Class A ordinary shares at a purchase price of 10.21 per share of Class A ordinary shares, net to seller in cash and without interest upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Tender Offer. The Tender Offer expired at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on January 6, 2023. A total of 4,101,830 Class A ordinary shares were validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Tender Offer. The Company accepted for purchase all such Class A ordinary shares at a purchase price of 10.21 per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 41,879,684.30. If we are unable to complete a business combination by the Second Extended Date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay for our income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of our company, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December 31, 2022, we had 117,686 our operating bank account, and working capital deficit of 2,388,329, and 1,188,378 of earnings and realized gain on marketable securities held in the trust account. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our initial Business Combination plans. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Our liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the proceeds of 25,000 from the sale of the founder shares, and loans from our sponsor of 100,000. The loan was repaid in full on August 9, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds received from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants that were not placed in the trust account. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements -Going Concern , management has determined that the date for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time which is considered to be one year from the issuance of these financial statements. The Company demonstrates adverse conditions that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year following the issuance of these financial statements. These adverse conditions are negative financial trends, specifically working capital deficiency and other adverse key financial ratios. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after the Second Extended Date. Critical Accounting Policies Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, 7,406,265 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at the redemption amount are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of our balance sheet. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized the accretion from initial carrying value to redemption amount. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares of Class A ordinary shares resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. Warrant Liabilities The Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in FASB ASC 480 and ASC 815. The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Net Income Per Ordinary Share We have two classes of shares: Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the periods. We have not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 11,116,667, of the Company s Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted net income per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income per share is the same as basic net income per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Remeasurement associated with the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Results of Operations All activity during the year ended December 31, 2022, was in preparation for our formation, the Initial Public Offering and, since the closing of our Initial Public Offering, a search for initial Business Combination candidates. As of December 31, 2022, 117,686 was held outside the trust account and was being used to fund the company s operating expenses. We are not generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 6,808,587 which consisted of 1,188,378 in earnings and realized gain on marketable securities held in the trust account, a change in the fair value of warrant liabilities of 9,670,963, partially offset by 4,050,754 in operating and formation costs. For the period February 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 1,752,760, which consisted of 20,263 in earnings and realized gain on marketable securities held in the trust account, realized gain on extinguishment of overallotment liability of 185,409, a change in the fair value of warrant liabilities of 3,384,315, partially offset by 1,389,224 in operating and formation costs and transaction costs allocable to warrant liabilities of 448,003. Related Party Transactions Founder Shares On February 18, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.005 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 5,031,250 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. In March 2021, our sponsor transferred 50,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding shares upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. Up to 656,250 of the Class B ordinary shares outstanding were subject to forfeiture by our sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment in connection with the Initial Public Offering was not exercised in full or in part. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, the sponsor forfeited 406,250 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, resulting in an aggregate of 4,625,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On March 10, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company, the sponsor elected to convert its 4,475,000 shares of Class B ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, with immediate effect. In connection with the conversion, the Sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the trust account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. The initial shareholders agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 The founder shares are subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in a letter agreement with the Company entered into by the initial shareholders, and officers and directors. The sponsor has the right to transfer its ownership in the founder shares at any time, and to any transferee, to the extent that the sponsor determines, in good faith, that such transfer is necessary to ensure that it and/or any of its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates are in compliance with the Investment Company Act of 1940. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares. Prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor transferred 150,000 founder shares to our three independent directors in recognition of and as compensation for their future services to the Company. The transfer of founder shares to these directors is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. Compensation expense related to the founder shares is recognized only when the performance condition (i.e., the remediation of the lock-up provision) is probable of achievement under the applicable accounting literature. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date the lock-up provisions have been remediated, or are probable to be remediated, in an amount equal to the number of founder shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the transfer of the founder shares. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not yet entered into any definitive agreements in connection with any business combination and as such, the lock-up provisions have not been remediated and are not probable to be remediated. Any such agreements may be subject to certain conditions to closing, such as, for example, approval by the Company s shareholders. As a result, the Company determined that, taking into account that there is a possibility that a business combination might not happen, no stock-based compensation expense should be recognized. Private Placement Warrants Concurrently with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor purchased 4,950,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating proceeds of 7,425,000 in the private placement. Each private placement warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the trust account. If we do not complete a business combination within 12 months after the closing of our Initial Public Offering, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our sponsor and our officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their private placement warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Related Party Loans On February 24, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no amount outstanding under the Note. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that a Business Combination is not completed, we may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the trust account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. As of the filing December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding Working Capital Loans under this arrangement. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Administrative Support Agreement We agreed, commencing on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering through the earlier of the company s consummation of a business combination and its liquidation, to pay our sponsor a total of (A) 40,000 per month and continuing monthly until the termination Date, and (B) on the termination Date, an amount equal to 480,000 less any amounts previously paid by the Company for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We recognized 259,333 and 220,667 in expenses incurred in connection with the aforementioned arrangements with the related parties on our statements of operations for the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively, which is included in operating and formation costs on the condensed statements of operations. As of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, there were 60,000 and 0, respectively in fees outstanding for these services, which is included in due to related party on the balance sheets. Operating and Formation Costs During the year ended December 31, 2022, our sponsor and affiliates of our sponsor also paid operating and formation costs of 237,500 on behalf of the Company. These amounts are included in due to related party on the condensed balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Contractual Obligations Registration and Shareholder Rights The holders of founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, are entitled to registration rights (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion of such shares into Class A ordinary shares) pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering. These holders are entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration and shareholder rights. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we may not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until the termination of the applicable lock-up period for the securities to be registered. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 2,625,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at 10.00 per Unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters partially exercised their option and purchased an additional 1,000,000 Units. The underwriters were entitled to underwriting discounts of 0.20 per Unit, or 3,700,000 in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. An additional fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 6,475,000 in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred underwriting commissions will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the principal executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data This information appears following Item 16 of this Report. Index To Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# 688) F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the company s management has concluded that the controls around the interpretation and accounting for the Class A ordinary shares issued by the company were not effectively designed or maintained. This material weakness resulted in the restatement of the company s balance sheet as of June 21, 2021, and the Company s quarterly unaudited financial statements and related footnotes as of and for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of these inherent limitations, management does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. Management conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the 2013 Framework ). Based on our evaluation under the 2013 Framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. Our management has concluded that the internal control procedures around the interpretation and accounting for the Class A ordinary shares was not effectively designed or maintained. This material weaknesses resulted in the restatement of the Company s balance sheet as of June 21, 2021, and the Company s quarterly unaudited financial statements as of and for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021. In light of this material weaknesses, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, our management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting except for the below: Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer performed additional accounting and financial analyses and other post-closing procedures including consulting with subject matter experts related to the accounting for certain complex features of the Class A ordinary shares. The Company s management has expended, and will continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and resources for the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to properly identify and evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements, research materials and other literature for all significant or unusual transactions, we have expanded and will continue to improve these processes to ensure that the nuances of such transactions are effectively evaluated in the context of the increasingly complex accounting standards. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not Applicable. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our directors and officers are as follows: 8 

Name Age Position John Cadeddu 56 Co-Chairman and Director Marvin Tien 48 Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director Alexandre Balkanski 62 Director John Mulkey 49 Director Jason Park 46 Director Jane Mathieu 48 President Jerome Jerry Letter 48 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer David Kutcher 40 Chief Investment Officer Kevin Tanaka 32 Director of Corporate Development John Cadeddu , has served as our Co-Chairman and member of our board of directors since February 2021. He is currently a General Partner and Managing Director of Corner Ventures and co-founded its predecessor firm, DAG Ventures. Mr. Cadeddu also serves as Co-Chairman and a director of Corner Growth. From 2004 to 2016, DAG Ventures raised in excess of 1.6 billion over five funds, and Mr. Cadeddu sourced many of DAG Ventures most successful investments, including Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMBA), Bloom Energy Corporation (NYSE: BE), Clearwell Systems, Inc. (acquired by Symantec), Eventbrite, Inc. (NYSE: EB), FireEye, Inc. (NASDAQ: FEYE), Glassdoor, Inc. (acquired by Recruit Holdings Co., Ltd.), Grubhub Inc. (NASDAQ: GRUB), iZettle AB (acquired by PayPal), Jasper Technologies, Inc. (acquired by Cisco), LearnVest, Inc. (acquired by Northwest Mutual), Nextdoor, 1Life Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ: ONEM), OptiMedica Corporation (acquired by AMO), Silver Peak Systems, Inc. (acquired by HPE), Wealthfront Inc., WeWork Companies Inc., Wix.com Ltd. (NASDAQ: WIX), Xoom Corporation (listed as XOOM on the Nasdaq Global Select Market prior to being acquired by PayPal) and Yelp Inc. (NYSE: YELP). From 1999 to 2004, Mr. Cadeddu worked at Duff Ackerman Goodrich, a telecommunications-focused private equity firm. Prior to Duff Ackerman Goodrich, Mr. Cadeddu worked at Tandem Computers, Octel Communications, JP Morgan and Amsterdam Pacific. Mr. Cadeddu serves on the board of directors of Beewise Technologies Ltd., Get Fabric Ltd., Prismo Systems Inc. and Picarro. He is also a board observer at Twin Health, Solv Health Inc. and Wealthfront Inc. He has previously served as board member or board observer at Ambarella Inc., Bloom Energy Corporation, EventBrite, Inc., FireEye, Inc., Glassdoor, Inc., GrubHub Inc., Mint Software Inc., 1Life Healthcare, Inc., Pacific BioSciences of California, Inc., Silver Peak Systems, Inc. and Xoom Corporation. Mr. Cadeddu is a graduate of Harvard University and received his MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. We believe Mr. Cadeddu s substantial experience investing in growth stage technology companies, extensive network, and various prior investment roles make him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. Marvin Tien , has served as our Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and member of our board of directors since February 2021. He is currently a General Partner and Managing Director of Corner Ventures and a Principal and Founder of Corner Capital Group and Corner Capital Management. He also serves as Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Corner Growth. Corner Ventures was established in 2018 with a focus on leading growth financing rounds of emerging global technology companies. In 2010, Mr. Tien also co-managed Green Lake Capital, an investment subsidiary for Walsin Liwha Corp (TPE: 1605), which invested in emerging infrastructure technologies and became one of the largest owners and operators of commercial and industrial solar power generation assets. Later, in 2013, Mr. Tien co-founded Ahana Capital, which was subsequently sold to ATNI International (NASDAQ: ATNI) in 2014, and Mr. Tien co-led their efforts to expand the infrastructure investments to greater Asia. Prior to Green Lake Capital, Mr. Tien focused on family investments for Corner Capital Group, which made direct investments in private companies focused on cross border opportunities between the United States and Asia. Mr. Tien serves on the board of directors of Halcyon Tech Inc., Bookaway Ltd., Brainvivo Ltd., Ludeo, Healthy.io Ltd., Cymbio Digital Ltd., Assemble Stream Inc., Boldend Inc., Shift Time Inc. and Legal Logic Ltd. (d/b/a LawGeex). Mr. Tien is a graduate of Cornell University and received his MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. Tien s significant experience investing in both private and public technology companies, investing acumen, and global network make him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Alexandre Balkanski has served as a member of our board of directors since our Initial Public Offering. He is a long-time technology industry leader with a demonstrated track record of delivering growth in revenue and profits while achieving recognition for outstanding customer satisfaction. He is currently the president and chief executive officer of Picarro where he has also served as director since 2002. He also serves as a director of Corner Growth. Mr. Balkanski also currently serves as a board member of D2S, Inc. and Engageli, Inc. where he has served since 2007 and July 2020, respectively. Prior to joining Picarro in 2013, Mr. Balkanski was a managing partner and general partner at Benchmark Capital from March 2000 to November 2013. Mr. Balkanski previously led C-Cube Microsystems Inc. C-Cube and DiviCom Inc. DiviCom ), two pioneering companies that drove the MPEG standard to dominance in consumer electronics and broadcasting. Mr. Balkanski founded C-Cube in 1988. In 1994, he took the company public, and in 1998 he orchestrated C-Cube s acquisition of DiviCom. Previously, he was a board member of Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMBA), Decru, Inc. (acquired by Network Appliance, Inc.), Entrisphere, Inc. (acquired by Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson) and Infinera Corporation (NASDAQ: INFN). Mr. Balkanski holds a PhD and MS from Harvard University and a Bachelor of Science from Harvard College. We believe Mr. Balkanski s significant experience in the technology sector makes him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. John Mulkey has served as a member of our board of directors since our Initial Public Offering. He is currently the manager of Mulkey Holdings, a private family office specializing in debt and equity investments across the hospitality, real estate, gaming and lodging sectors. Mr. Mulkey also serves as the President and CFO of Plain Sight Properties real estate development fund, which specializes in the development of build-for-rent communities. He also serves as a director of Corner Growth. Prior to his current roles, Mr. Mulkey was the chief financial officer and executive vice president of Zuffa, LLC (dba and owner of Ultimate Fighting Championship UFC )) from 2006 to 2015. During his decade-long role at UFC, Mr. Mulkey oversaw all worldwide financial operations for the media and entertainment company and contributed to its growth from a breakeven cash flow enterprise to one valued at over 4 billion at exit. Prior to UFC, Mr. Mulkey was a managing director at Wachovia Securities LLC from 2005 to 2006, where he ran high-yield research in the gaming and lodging sectors and was twice awarded the prestigious Institutional Investor All-American research award. Prior to Wachovia, Mr. Mulkey was a managing director at Bear Stearns Co. in New York City from 2001 to 2005, where he held a similar role across the equity and high-yield platforms at the investment bank. Before moving to New York, Mr. Mulkey was the director of business development for Station Casinos, Inc. in Las Vegas and had worked in various analyst roles there and with Mirage Resorts Inc., where he was a graduate of the Management Associate Program. Mr. Mulkey holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee. We believe Mr. Mulkey s significant experience in finance and investments in the hospitality, real estate and gaming sectors makes him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. Jason Park has served as a member of our board of directors since our Initial Public Offering. He is currently the chief financial officer of DraftKings Inc. (NASDAQ: DKNG) DraftKings ). He also serves as a director of Corner Growth. Mr. Park joined DraftKings in his capacity as chief financial officer in June 2019, and is responsible for the accounting, tax, treasury, financial planning and analysis and investor relations departments. Prior to joining DraftKings, from 2009 to 2019, Mr. Park worked at Bain Capital Private Equity Bain Capital where he was an operating partner and focused on technology investments. For more than 10 years, Mr. Park worked collaboratively with chief executive officers, chief financial officers and management teams to develop and achieve value creation plans. Before Bain Capital, he was an associate partner at McKinsey Company from 1999 to 2008. Mr. Park has previously served as a director of CentralSquare Technologies, Inc. Mr. Park holds an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and MAcc (Master of Accountancy) and Bachelor of Business Administration degrees from the University of Michigan. We believe Mr. Park s significant experience in technology and finance makes him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. Jane Mathieu , has served as our President since February 2021. She is currently a Partner at Corner Ventures and serves as President of Corner Capital Management. She also serves as President of Corner Growth. Previously, Ms. Mathieu served as Director and General Counsel for Green Lake Capital, leading one of the first Power Purchase Agreement Funds in the renewable energy space from 2010 to 2014. In 2014, Ms. Mathieu and Mr. Tien structured a sale of the Green Lake Capital portfolio to ATNI International (NASDAQ: ATNI) and continued to manage it under the Ahana Renewables umbrella, a subsidiary of ATNI. Ahana Renewables was focused on cross-border transactions in the energy sector. Ms. Mathieu has served as an advisor to Corner Capital Group since 2014 and is currently a Partner. Prior to that Ms. Mathieu was a real estate and structured finance attorney from 2004 to 2008 at DLA Piper where she represented commercial banks, insurance companies, REITs, and funds in capital markets transactions. Ms. Mathieu served on the Board of Directors for TILT Holdings Inc. (OTCMKTS: TLLTF) from 2019 until February 15, 2023. She is a graduate of the University of California, Los Angeles and received her JD from Brooklyn Law School. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Jerry Letter , has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer since February 2021. He is currently Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and a Partner at Corner Ventures and Chief Financial Officer at Corner Capital Management. He also serves as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Corner Growth. Prior to joining Corner Ventures in February 2021, Mr. Letter served in various roles for Airbnb, Inc. (NASDAQ: ABNB) Airbnb from March 2017 until January 2021, including as a member of the company s global leadership team as director of operations and finance and as the chief operations and financial officer for Airbnb s luxury business unit, where he was responsible for home supply and quality, service product design, guest experience/hospitality, strategy, finance, and business operations. From 2005 to 2017, Mr. Letter served as a partner and the chief financial officer at InterMedia Partners, L.P. InterMedia ), a middle-market media and tech focused growth and private equity fund. At InterMedia, Mr. Letter led the sourcing and execution of multiple buy-side transactions while also utilizing operational expertise by working closely with portfolio company management to drive value creation post investment. While at InterMedia, Mr. Letter was also instrumental in executing a series of mergers creating Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: HMTV) via the Azteca Acquisition Corporation, a special purpose acquisition company. Prior to InterMedia, Mr. Letter was based in Silicon Valley, where he served as director of finance at Exodus Communications, Inc., and as corporate controller of GlobalCenter Inc. Mr. Letter began his career at Arthur Andersen LLP becoming a Certified Public Accountant (currently inactive). Mr. Letter has served on the Board of Directors of Selina Holding Company SE since January 2021. Mr. Letter is a graduate of Indiana University and received his MBA from Columbia Business School. David Kutcher , has served as our Chief Investment Officer since February 2021. He is currently a Venture Partner with Corner Ventures, where he previously served as Chief Financial Officer from October 2020 until February 2021. He also serves as Chief Investment Officer of Corner Growth. Prior to joining Corner Ventures in 2020, he was the managing partner at Torian Capital Partners, a firm he co-founded in 2016, which now serves as a family investment vehicle. From 2011 to 2016, Mr. Kutcher was a Managing Director with Broadband Capital Management, a New York based merchant banking firm and was an advisor to its successor firm, Broadband Capital Partners, an alternative investment firm, from February 2016 until December 2018. Mr. Kutcher was also the interim chief financial officer for Immunome (NASDAQ: IMNM), a Broadband Capital portfolio company, from June 2016 through March 2018. Mr. Kutcher had a significant role in assisting special purpose acquisition companies through their initial public offering and business combination processes, including Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation, which acquired One Group Hospitality, Inc. (NASDAQ: STKS) in October 2013 and was controlled by Broadband Capital principals. Mr. Kutcher started his career as an M A and capital markets lawyer with Ellenoff Grossman Schole LLP in New York from 2008 to 2011. Prior investments include Vroom, Inc. (NASDAQ: VRM), Immunome, Inc. (NASDAQ: IMNM), Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: ZYNE), ONE Group Hospitality, Inc. (NASDAQ: STKS), Montrose Environmental Group, Inc. (NYSE: MEG), TILT Holdings Inc. (OTCMKTS: TLLTF), Hydrofarm Holdings Group, Inc. (NYSE: HYFM) and Mile High Labs International, Inc. Mr. Kutcher is also a board observer at IPwe. Mr. Kutcher holds a Bachelor of Arts from the University of the South (Sewanee) and a JD from Samford University (Cumberland). Kevin Tanaka , has served as our Director of Corporate Development since February 2021. He has been a Principal at Corner Ventures since 2019. He also serves as Director of Corporate Development of Corner Growth. Prior to joining Corner Ventures, Mr. Tanaka worked at M-III Partners from 2018 to 2019 where he served as a vice president, helping the company in its lead role as the financial and restructuring advisor to Sears prior to and through its Chapter 11 restructuring. Prior to joining M-III, Mr. Tanaka worked at Vista Equity Partners on the Private Equity team in Austin, Texas from 2015 to 2017 where he specialized in the evaluation and acquisition of enterprise software, data, and technology companies. Before Vista, Mr. Tanaka worked at Morgan Stanley from 2013 to 2015. Mr. Tanaka is a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley. Advisory Board From time to time we may utilize the services of certain advisors and/or form an advisory board consisting of individuals whom we believe will help us execute our business strategy. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Balkanski, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Mulkey and Mr. Park, will expire at our second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Cadeddu and Mr. Tien, will expire at our third annual meeting of shareholders. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into in connection with the closing of our Initial Public Offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, is entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Mr. Mulkey, Mr. Balkanski and Mr. Park serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Mulkey, Mr. Balkanski and Mr. Park are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Mr. Mulkey serves as the chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined each of Mr. Mulkey and Mr. Park qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The audit committee is responsible for: meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our Initial Public Offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of our Initial Public Offering; and reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 
 Nominating Committee We have established a nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our nominating committee are Mr. Mulkey and Mr. Balkanski, and Mr. Balkanski serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Mulkey and Mr. Balkanski are independent. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees, which is specified in the charter adopted by us, generally provides that persons to be nominated: should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 
 The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Mr. Balkanski and Mr. Mulkey, and Mr. Mulkey serves as chairman of the compensation committee. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Balkanski and Mr. Mulkey are independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon written request to our principal executive offices. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Code of Ethics is included as an Exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Conflicts of Interest Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and duty to exercise independent judgment. 
 In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care that is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. Our affiliates manage numerous investment vehicles, including Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3, which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities and if pursued by them we may be precluded from such opportunities for our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities, including fiduciary and contractual duties to Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 9 

Individual Entity Entity s Business Affiliation John Cadeddu Corner Ventures Venture Firm Co-founder, General Partner Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. Technology focused SPAC Co-Chairman, Director Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 3 Technology focused SPAC Co-Chairman, Director CommonSense Robotics Ltd. (d/b/a Fabric) Logistics automation Director Beewise Technology Technology and robotic beehives Director Prismo Systems Inc. Cybersecurity Director Picarro, Inc. Electronic equipment and instruments Director Twin Health Healthcare technology Board Observer SolvHealth Healthcare technology Board Observer Wealthfront Inc. Automated investment service Board Observer Marvin Tien Corner Ventures (1) Venture Firm Co-founder, General Partner Corner Capital Management Investment Firm Principal and Founder Corner Capital Group (1) Investment Firm General Partner Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. Technology focused SPAC Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 3 Technology focused SPAC Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director Healthy.io Ltd. Healthcare technology Director Nexar Inc. Artificial Intelligence Director Multinarity Ltd. Augmented Reality Director Cymbio Digital Ltd. E-Commerce Director Legal Logic Ltd. (d/b/a LawGeex) Legal contract automation Director Halcyon Tech Technology and cyber defense Director Bookaway Ltd. Technology and online travel Director Brainvivo Ltd. Technology and artificial intelligence Director Ludeo Technology and gaming Director Assemble Stream Technology andWeb3 education Director Boldended Inc. Technology and cyber defense Director Shift Time, Inc. Technology, human resources and consumer finance Director Alexandre Balkanski Picarro, Inc. Electronic equipment and instruments President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. Technology focused SPAC Director Nominee Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 3 Technology focused SPAC Director Nominee D2s, Inc. Software and tech services Director Engageli, Inc. Digital learning Director John Mulkey Mulkey Holdings Hospitality, real estate, gaming and lodging Manager Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. Technology focused SPAC Director Nominee Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 3 Technology focused SPAC Director Nominee Plain Sight Properties Real estate President, Chief Financial Officer 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Individual Entity Entity s Business Affiliation Jason Park DraftKings Inc. Consumer discretionary services Chief Financial Officer Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. Technology focused SPAC Director Nominee Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 3 Technology focused SPAC Director Nominee Jane Mathieu Corner Ventures (1) Venture Firm Partner, General Counsel Corner Capital Group (1) Investment Firm Partner, General Counsel Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. Technology focused SPAC President Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 3 Technology focused SPAC President Jerry Letter Corner Ventures (1) Venture Firm Partner, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer Corner Capital Management Investment Firm Chief Financial Officer Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. Technology focused SPAC Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 3 Technology focused SPAC Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer OnPoint Global, LLC Digital content Director Powerband Solutions Inc. Online auto financing Director David Kutcher Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. Technology focused SPAC Chief Investment Officer Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 3 Technology focused SPAC Chief Investment Officer IPwe Blockchain Technology Observer Kevin Tanaka Corner Ventures (1) Venture Firm Principal Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. Technology focused SPAC Director of Corporate Development Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 3 Technology focused SPAC Director of Corporate Development 

 (1) Includes certain of its funds and other affiliates. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. In particular, an affiliate of our sponsor and our officers and directors participated in the formation of and/or are actively engaged in the management of Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3. Like us, Corner Growth is, and Corner Growth 3 intends to be, focused on the technology sector. Any such companies, including Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not currently expect that any such other blank check company, including Corner Growth and Corner Growth 3, would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and do not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our sponsor subscribed for founder shares and purchased private placement warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, pursuant to a letter agreement that our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into with us, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants are not transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. 
 We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on the Nasdaq and through the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we began to reimburse our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 40,000 per month. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, unless applicable law or applicable stock exchange rules require a different vote, in which case we will complete our initial business combination only if such requisite vote is received. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We have entered into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Item 11. Executive Compensation Executive Officer and Director Compensation None of our executive officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on the Nasdaq and through the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we began to reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 40,000 per month; provided, that if we complete our initial business combination prior to the termination date, then at the closing of the business combination, we will pay to such affiliate maximum amount equal to 480,000 less any amounts previously paid under the Administrative Services Agreement. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of April 3, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary share; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 6,485,214 Class A ordinary shares (which includes Class A ordinary shares that are underlying the units) and 150,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of April 3, 2023. Voting power represents the combined voting power of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person. All of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, as described herein. On March 15, the Company held the Second Extension Meeting. As part of the Second Extension Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem 1,444,221 Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of the persons listed in the table below redeemed any of their Class A ordinary shares in connection with the Second Extension Meeting, their ownership may differ from the information set forth below. The table below does not include the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants held by our sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Class B Ordinary Shares Class A Ordinary Shares Number of Number of Approximate Shares Approximate Shares Approximate Percentage Beneficially Percentage Beneficially Percentage of Voting Name of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned of Class Owned of Class Control CGA Sponsor 2, LLC (our sponsor) (2) 4,475,000 69.0 67.4 John Cadeddu (2) 4,475,000 69.0 67.4 Marvin Tien (2) 4,475,000 69.0 67.4 Jane Mathieu Jerry Letter David Kutcher Kevin Tanaka Alexandre Balkanski 50,000 33.3 John Mulkey 50,000 33.3 Jason Park 50,000 33.3 All officers and directors as a group (9 individuals) 150,000 100.0 69.7 Feis Equities LLC (3) 252,161 3.89 3.80 Taconic Capital Advisors L.P. (4) 905,162 14.0 13.6 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (5) 999,999 15.4 15.0 Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. (6) 375,535 5.8 5.7 

 Less than one percent. (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is 251 Lytton Avenue, Suite 200, Palo Alto, California 94301. (2) The shares reported above are held in the name of our sponsor. Our sponsor is controlled by John Cadeddu and Marvin Tien. (3) Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Feis Equities LLC Feis Equities ), and Lawrence M. Feis Mr. Feis ), based solely on the Schedule 13G filed jointly by Feis Equities and Mr. Feis with the SEC on January 17, 2023. Mr. Feis is the control person of Feis Equities. Each of Feis Equities and Mr. Feis may be deemed to beneficially own 252,161 Class A ordinary shares, but each disclaims beneficial ownership to such shares except to the extent of its applicable pecuniary interests thereto. The business address of each of Feis Equities and Mr. Feis is 20 North Wacker Drive, Suite 2115, Chicago, Illinois 60606. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 (4) Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held for the accounts of Taconic Opportunity Master Fund L.P. Taconic Opportunity Fund and Taconic Master Fund 1.5 L.P. Taconic Event Fund, and together with Taconic Opportunity Fund, the Taconic Funds by Taconic Capital Advisors L.P. Taconic Advisors LP ), a Delaware limited partnership, Taconic Capital Advisors UK LLP, a United Kingdom limited liability partnership Taconic Advisors UK ), Taconic Associates LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Taconic Associates ), Taconic Capital Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Taconic Capital ), Taconic Capital Performance Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Taconic Partners and Frank P. Brosens Mr. Brosens ), based solely on the Schedule 13G filed jointly by Taconic Advisors LP, Taconic Advisors UK, Taconic Associates, Taconic Capital, Taconic Partners and Mr. Brosens with the SEC on February 10, 2023. Taconic Advisors LP serves as the investment manager to each of the Taconic Funds. Taconic Advisors LP has entered into a sub-advisory agreement with Taconic Advisors UK pursuant to which Taconic Advisors UK serves as a subadvisor to Taconic Advisors LP in respect of each of the Taconic Funds. Taconic Advisors LP is the manager of Taconic Capital Services UK Ltd, the UK parent entity of Taconic Advisors UK. Accordingly, Taconic Advisors LP and Taconic Advisors UK may be deemed a beneficial owner of the Shares held for the accounts of the Taconic Funds. Taconic Partners serves as the general partner to Taconic Advisors LP. Taconic Associates serves as the general partner to Taconic Opportunity Fund, and accordingly may be deemed a beneficial owner of the Shares held for the account of Taconic Opportunity Fund. Taconic Capital serves as the general partner to Taconic Event Fund, and accordingly may be deemed a beneficial owner of the Shares held for the account of Taconic Event Fund. Mr. Brosens is a principal of Taconic Advisors LP and a manager of each of Taconic Partners, Taconic Associates and Taconic Capital. In such capacities, Mr. Brosens may be deemed a beneficial owner of the Shares held for the accounts of the Taconic Funds. The address of the principal business of office of each of Taconic Advisors LP, Taconic Associates, Taconic Partners, Taconic Capital and Mr. Brosens is c/o Taconic Capital Advisors L.P. 280 Park Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10017. The address of the principal business office of Taconic Advisors UK is 55 Grosvenor Street, 4th Floor, London, W1K 3HY, UK. (5) Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. Polar ), a company incorporated under the laws of Ontario, Canada, which serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company PMSMF ), based solely on the Schedule 13G filed by Polar with the SEC on February 8, 2022. Polar disclaims beneficial ownership of the 999,000 Class A ordinary shares, which are held directly by PMSMF, except to the extent of its applicable pecuniary interest thereto. The business address of Polar is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. (6) Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. RCM ), RGC Management Company, LLC RGC ), Steven B. Katznelson, Christopher Hinkel, Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P. RSMF and Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC RSG ), based solely on the Schedule 13G/A filed jointly by RCM, RGC, Mr. Katznelson, Mr. Hinkel, RSMF and RSG with the SEC on February 14, 2023. RCM is the relevant entity for which RGC, Mr. Katznelson and Mr. Hinkel may be considered control persons. RSMF is the relevant entity for which RSG, Mr. Katznelson and Mr. Hinkel may be considered control persons. The business address of this stockholder is 50 Monument Road, Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. Our sponsor, officers and directors are deemed to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. Changes in Control None. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence On February 18, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.005 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 5,031,250 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. In March 2021, our sponsor transferred 50,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. Up to 656,250 of the Class B ordinary shares outstanding were subject to forfeiture by our sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment in connection with the Initial Public Offering was not exercised in full or in part. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, the sponsor forfeited 406,250 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, resulting in an aggregate of 4,625,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On March 10, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company, the sponsor elected to convert its 4,475,000 shares of Class B ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, with immediate effect. In connection with the conversion, the Sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the trust account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding shares upon completion of our Initial Public Offering. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,950,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.50 per whole warrant, valued at 7,425,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We currently maintain our executive offices at 251 Lytton Avenue, Suite 200, Palo Alto, California 94301. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on the Nasdaq and through the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we began to reimburse our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of (A) 40,000 per month and continuing monthly until the termination Date, and (B) on the termination Date, an amount equal to 480,000 less any amounts previously paid by the Company. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. As of December 31, 2022, no working capital loans were outstanding. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. We entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement pursuant to which our sponsor is entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, and, upon consummation of our initial business combination, to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors. Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions The audit committee of our board of directors adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee is provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship that in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Mulkey, Mr. Balkanski and Mr. Park are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum LLP Marcum ), our independent registered public accounting firm, for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and other required filings with the SEC for the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, including services in connection with our Initial Public Offering, totaled approximately 114,000. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled approximately 98,000. The above amounts include interim review procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. For the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 or the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our independent registered public accounting firm is: Marcum LLP 730 Third Avenue, 11th Floor New York, NY 10017 PCAOB ID #688 Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements (2) Exhibits We hereby file as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2021, File No. 001-40510). 3.2 Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2022, File No. 001-40510) 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on May 20, 2021, File No. 333-253747) 4.2 Specimen Class A ordinary share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021, File No. 333-253747) 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021, File No. 333-253747) 4.4 Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2021, File No. 001-40510). 4.5 Description of Registrant s Securities. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2021, File No. 001-40510). 10.2 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement among the Registrant, the Sponsor and the Holders signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2021, File No. 001-40510). 10.3 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2021, File No. 001-40510). 10.4 Administrative Services Agreement between the Registrant and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2021, File No. 001-40510). 10.5 Form of Letter Agreement between the Registrant, the Sponsor and each director and executive officer of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021, File No. 333-253747). 10.6 Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Registrant and each director and executive officer of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021, File No. 333-253747). 14.1 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 31, 2022, File No. 001-40510). 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith Furnished herewith 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. April 3, 2023 

CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP.2 /s/ Marvin Tien Name: Marvin Tien Title: Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Position Date /s/ Marvin Tien Marvin Tien Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) April 3, 2023 /s/ Jerome Jerry Letter Jerome Jerry Letter Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) April 3, 2023 /s/ John Cadeddu John Cadeddu Co-Chairman and Director April 3, 2023 /s/ Alexandre Balkanski Alexandre Balkanski Director April 3, 2023 /s/ John Mulkey John Mulkey Director April 3, 2023 /s/ Jason Park Jason Park Director April 3, 2023 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. 2 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Audited Financial Statements for Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2: Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2 Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2 (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination by March 21, 2024. If a Business Combination is not consummated by the required date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. New York, NY April 3, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. 2 BALANCE SHEETS 

As of As of December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Noncurrent assets Prepaid expenses Cash and marketable securities held in trust account Total Assets LIABILITIES, CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities Accounts payable Offering costs payable Due to related party Accrued expenses Total current liabilities Warrant liabilities Deferred underwriting fee payable Total Liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 5) Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and shares at redemption value as of December 31, 2021 Shareholders Deficit Preference Shares, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class A ordinary Shares, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) Class B ordinary Shares, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Shareholders Deficit ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES, CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. 2 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

For the year February 10, ended 2021 (inception) through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Operating and formation costs ) ) Loss from operations ) ) Other income (loss): Earnings and realized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities ) Realized gain on extinguishment of overallotment liability Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Net income Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income per Class A ordinary share Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income per Class B ordinary share The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. 2 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Class A Class B Total Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares Additional Paid- Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount in Capital Deficit Equity (Deficit) Balance February 10, 2021 (inception) Issuance of Class B Ordinary shares to initial shareholders Forfeiture of Class B Ordinary shares by intial shareholders ) ) Overallotment liability ) ) Excess cash received over fair value of Private Placement Warrants Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) ) ) Net income Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) ) Net income Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. 2 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year February 10, ended 2021 (inception) December 31, to December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Earnings and realized (gain) loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account ) ) Realized gain on extinguishment of overallotment liability ) Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Prepaid expenses ) Due to related party Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities Investment of cash in Trust Account ) ) Proceeds received from Trust Account Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from promissory note-related party Payment of promissory note-related party ) Proceeds from issuance of Class B ordinary shares to initial shareholders Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants Proceeds received from Sponsor contributions Payments to Class A ordinary shareholders for redemption of shares ) Payment of offering costs ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash ) Cash at beginning of the period Cash at end of the period Non-cash investing and financing activities: Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Deferred underwriting fee Initial classification of warrant liabilities Offering costs payable Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. 2 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS . The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. Although the Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends to focus on businesses in the technology industries primarily located in the United States. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering described below (the Initial Public Offering ). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The registration statements for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on June 16, 2021. On June 21, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A ordinary shares, par value per share (the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the partial exercise by the underwriters of the overallotment option to purchase an additional Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to CGA Sponsor 2, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on December 21, 2021, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 , sold in the Initial Public Offering (the Public Shares ), with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares will be classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least and the approval of an ordinary resolution. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares irrespective of whether it votes for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) clear all trades with the Company s legal counsel prior to execution. In addition, the initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined in Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. The Company s Sponsor, officers and directors (the initial shareholders have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial business combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. On May 17, 2022, the Company entered into a non-binding letter of intent (the Letter of Intent with a differentiated food tech platform (the Target for an initial business combination. The Target is a vertically integrated producer of premium bulk grains, value-added ingredients, and CPG goods, driving fundamental change with significant attention around supply chain certainty, food security, plant-based foods and ESG, and the Company believes the Target is a compelling investment opportunity given its vertical integration, commercial opportunity and macro tailwinds. The Company is continuing to pursue this opportunity. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling , or approximately per share which includes of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding . In order to support the extension to consummate an initial Business Combination to the First Extended Date, the Sponsor agreed to deposit into the Trust Account, which is an aggregate of per Class A ordinary share for each month of the extension period up to and until October 21, 2022, pro-rated for partial months during the extension period, resulting in a potential maximum contribution of , or per share of Class A ordinary shares that was not redeemed in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting. Contributions in the amount of per Class A ordinary shares were funded on each of June, July, August and September 21, 2022. If the Company does not consummate its initial Business Combination as of October 21, 2022, the holders of Class A ordinary shares then outstanding will be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares on or about October 21, 2022. On October 21, 2022, the Company launched a fixed price tender offer (the Tender Offer to purchase and redeem its Class A Ordinary Shares at a purchase price of per share of Class A Ordinary Shares, net to seller in cash and without interest upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Tender Offer. The Tender Offer expired on January 6, 2023 (the Expiration Time ). The Tender Offer is not conditioned on the tender of any minimum number of Class A Ordinary Shares and is not subject to any financing condition. The Company paid for Class A Ordinary Shares validly tendered and accepted for redemption in the Tender Offer on a date promptly after the Expiration Time. On December 27, 2022, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company and the Sponsor have agreed that the Company or the Sponsor or its designee will deposit into the trust account an aggregate of per share for each month beginning on (or prior to) January 9, 2023 and continuing on the ninth day of each month up and until March 9, 2023, resulting in a maximum contribution of per share of Class A Ordinary Shares that is not tendered in connection with the Company s Tender Offer If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by the Second Extended Date (as defined below) the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in its operating bank accounts, (or after giving effect to the Tender Offer) to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and working capital deficit of . Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. Based on its current cash and working capital balances, management believes that the Company may not have sufficient working capital to meet its needs through the consummation of a Business Combination. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds to pay existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective Initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. The terms of such loans have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern , management has determined that the date for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time which is considered to be one year from the issuance of these financial statements. The Company demonstrates adverse conditions that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year following the issuance of these financial statements. These adverse conditions are negative financial trends, specifically working capital deficiency and other adverse key financial ratios. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after March 21, 2023, our scheduled liquidation date if we do not elect to extend the Extension Period or complete the Business Combination prior to such date. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 Less: Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance ) Offering costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) Plus: Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - December 31, 2021 Less: Redemption of Class A Ordinary shares ) Plus: Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Sponsor contribution Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - December 31, 2022 As part of the Extraordinary General Meeting held on June 15, 2022, shareholders elected to redeem Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling , or approximately per share. The Company recognized a remeasurement of for cumulative trust earnings to December 31, 2022, of which was paid out to redeeming Class A ordinary shares as their proportionate share of trust earnings through the redemption date and is the difference between the redemption amount per share and the original per share times the number of shares redeemed. . At December 31, 2022, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022. The Company s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman Islands income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 of the Company s Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. The Company s statement of operations includes a presentation of income per share for ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of income per share. Net income per share, basic and diluted, for stock subject to possible redemption is calculated by dividing the proportionate share of income on marketable securities held by the Trust Account by the weighted average number of stock subject to possible redemption outstanding since original issuance. As a result, diluted earnings per ordinary share is the same as basic earnings per ordinary share for the periods presented. Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 Units at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, par value per share, and one-third of redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). , or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for Class B ordinary shares, par value per share (the Founder Shares ). In March 2021, the Sponsor transferred Class B ordinary shares to each of the Company s independent directors. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the completion of a Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a -for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments, as described in Note 6. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, Founder Shares were forfeited for consideration on June 24, 2021, resulting in Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The per share price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of Founder Shares issued. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares or Class A ordinary shares received upon conversion thereof until the earlier of: (A) after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 -trading day period commencing at least after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The Company s Founder Shares are subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in a letter agreement with the Company entered into by the initial stockholders, and officers and directors. The Sponsor has the right to transfer its ownership in the Founder Shares at any time, and to any transferee, to the extent that the sponsor determines, in good faith, that such transfer is necessary to ensure that it and/or any of its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates are in compliance with the Investment Company Act of 1940. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial stockholders with respect to any Founder Shares. Prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to our independent directors in recognition of and as compensation for their future services to the Company. The transfer of Founder Shares to these directors is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance condition (i.e. the remediation of the lock-up provision) is probable of achievement under the applicable accounting literature. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date the lock-up provisions have been remediated, or are probable to be remediated, in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the transfer of the Founder Shares. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not yet entered into any definitive agreements in connection with any Business Combination and as such, the lock-up provisions have not been remediated and are not probable to be remediated. Any such agreements may be subject to certain conditions to closing, such as, for example, approval by the Company s shareholders. As a result, the Company determined that, taking into account that there is a possibility that a Business Combination might not happen, no stock-based compensation expense should be recognized. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant for an aggregate purchase price of . Each warrant is exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at per share. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Promissory Note Related Party On February 24, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had amounts outstanding under the Note. Working Capital Loans In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors, may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants at a price of per warrant. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowings under any Working Capital Loans. Administrative Support Agreement Pursuant to an administrative services agreement (the Administrative Services Agreement entered into on June 16, 2021, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the Company s management team until the earlier of the Company s completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation (the Second Extended Date ). For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period February 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and in fees for these services, respectively, which is included in operating and formation costs on the statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and , respectively, in fees outstanding for these services, which is included in due to related party on the balance sheets. Operating and Formation Costs During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Sponsor and affiliates of the Sponsor also paid operating and formation costs of on behalf of the Company. These amounts are included in due to related party on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, these holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. preference shares with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, there were preference shares issued or outstanding . Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding all of which are classified as temporary equity. On June 15, 2022, in connection with the Extension Proposal, certain shareholders exercised their right to redeem Class A ordinary shares at a redemption price of approximately per share, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling . The redemption payments included the proportionate share of Trust Account earnings in the amount of . Subsequent to the redemptions, Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding. At December 31, 2022, there were Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding (or after giving effect to the Tender Offer) all of which are classified as temporary equity. Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders are entitled to vote for each Class B ordinary share. At December 31, 2022, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding . On March 10, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company, the sponsor elected to convert its shares of Class B ordinary shares on a -for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, with immediate effect. In connection with the conversion, the Sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the trust account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. Holders of the Class A ordinary shares and holders of the Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, except as required by law or stock exchange rule; provided that only holders of the Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the appointment of the Company s directors prior to the initial Business Combination. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination on a -for-one basis (as adjusted). In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by Public Shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than -for-one basis. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 per share after the completion of a Business Combination; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and, following the effective date of the registration statement, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. The warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The exercise price and number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital-raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, plus interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the -trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) are not redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants are redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption; and 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within a - trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 In addition, once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the warrants for redemption: in whole and not in part; at per warrant upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of Class A ordinary shares to be determined by reference to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares; if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within the - trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any trading days within a - trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 
 The fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares for the above purpose shall mean the volume-weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares during the trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. In no event are the warrants exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management has the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. Additionally, in no event is the Company be required to net cash settle any Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and of the balance held in the Trust Account was held in cash, respectively. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 1 Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 3 3 Total liabilities The Warrants are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities on our balance sheet. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of the warrant liabilities in the statement of operations. The unexercised portion of the overallotment option granted to the underwriter in connection with the Initial Public Offering is accounted for as a liability in accordance with ASC 815-40. The unexercised portion of the overallotment option is measured at fair value at Initial Public Offering and on a recurring basis up to the expiration date, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of overallotment liability in the statement of operations. At expiration, the Company recognizes a realized gain on extinguishment of overallotment liability in the statement of operations. Initial Measurement and Subsequent Measurement The Company established the initial fair value for the Public Warrants on June 21, 2021, the date of the consummation of the Company s Initial Public Offering, using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The Company allocated the proceeds received from (i) the sale of Units (which is inclusive of Class A ordinary share and one-third of one Public Warrant), (ii) the sale of Private Placement Warrants, and (iii) the issuance of shares of Class B ordinary shares, based on their fair values as determined at initial measurement, Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares based on their relative fair values at the initial measurement date. The Warrants were classified as Level 3 at the initial measurement date due to the use of unobservable inputs. The Warrants are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The subsequent measurement of the Public Warrants as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are classified Level 1 due to quoted prices in an active market. The Private Placement Warrants as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are classified Level 3 due to the use of unobservable inputs. The Monte Carlo model s primary unobservable input utilized in determining the fair value of the Private Warrants is the expected volatility of the ordinary shares. The expected volatility as of the Initial Public Offering date was derived from observable public warrant pricing on comparable blank-check companies without an identified target. The expected volatility as of subsequent valuation dates was implied from the Company s own public warrant pricing. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the warrants from the Units, the close price of the public warrant price was used as the fair value as of each relevant date. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Expected term (years) Expected volatility Exercise price Fair value of the ordinary share price Redemption threshold price Redemption threshold days within any period within any period within any period Redemption price Probability of successful acquisition As of June 21, 2021, the fair value of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were determined to be per warrant for aggregate values of approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were determined to be and per warrant for aggregate values of approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were determined to be and per warrant for aggregate values of approximately and , respectively. Level 3 financial liabilities consist of the Private Placement Warrant liabilities for which there is no current market for these securities such that the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. Changes in fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are analyzed each period based on changes in estimates or assumptions and recorded as appropriate. The change in fair value of the Level 3 warrant liabilities for the period between February 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022 is summarized as follows: Initial warrant liability at June 21, 2021 Transfer of public warrants to Level 1 during the three months ended September 30, 2021 ) Change in fair value of warrant liability ) Warrant liability at December 31, 2021 Change in fair value of warrant liability ) Warrant liability at December 31, 2022 The Company used a Black-Scholes model to value the unexercised portion of the overallotment option. Inherent in the pricing model are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary shares based on historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the unexercised portion of the overallotment option. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the unexercised portion of the overallotment option. The expected life of the unexercised portion of the overallotment option is after the Initial Public Offering. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 Expected term (years) Expected volatility Dividend yield The change in fair value of the Level 3 overallotment option liability for the period between February 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 is summarized as follows: Realized gain on extinguishment of overallotment option liability ) Overallotment option liability at December 31,2021 There was no change in fair value of the Level 3 overallotment liability for the year ended December 31, 2022 as the overallotment period expired during 2021. Class A ordinary shares were validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Tender Offer, which expired on January 6, 2023. The Company accepted for purchase all such Class A ordinary shares at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of . After giving effect to the Tender Offer, there are Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding. In connection with the Tender Offer, the Sponsor deposited an additional into the Trust Account (an aggregate of per Class A ordinary share) on each of January, February and March 9, 2023. On March 15, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Second Extension Meeting ), to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Second Articles Amendment to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from March 21, 2023 to March 21, 2024 (such proposal, the Second Extension Amendment Proposal ). The shareholders of the Company approved the Second Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal at the Extension Meeting and on March 15, 2023, the Company filed the Second Articles Amendment with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies. As part of the Second Extension Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling , or approximately per share which includes of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding . The Company and the Sponsor have agreed that they will deposit into the trust account an amount equal to the lesser of (i) per share or (ii) for each month (the Second Monthly Contribution of the second extension period up and until February 21, 2024, resulting in a maximum contribution of per share of Class A Ordinary Shares that is not redeemed in connection with the Second Extension Meeting (the Second Maximum Contribution , and the period from March 21, 2023 to March 21, 2024 the Second Guaranteed Payment Period ), subject to the Company s and the Sponsor s right to stop making said Monthly Contributions. This contribution will be funded on (or prior to) March 21, 2023, and on or prior to the 21st of each month thereafter through February 21, 2024; provided that, no such deposits will be made following the completion of any business combination. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 . In the event the Company or the Sponsor elects to stop funding the Second Monthly Contribution, which either may do in its sole discretion, all then outstanding holders of the Class A Ordinary Shares not redeemed in connection with the Second Extension Meeting will be given an opportunity to redeem their shares at that time, and any shareholder that redeems their shares in such an event will receive a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. On March 10, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company, the Sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class B Ordinary Shares, par value per share, elected to convert shares of the Class B Ordinary Shares held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion, the Company will have an aggregate of shares of Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding and shares of Class B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding . In connection with the conversion, the Sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the trust account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. Since the conversion occurred after the record date of the Second Extension Meeting, there has been no impact to the votes required to approve the proposals or the counting of the votes at the Second Extension Meeting as a result of the conversion. 
 F-23 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 tronu-20221231xex4d5.htm
 EX-4.5

Exhibit 4.5 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 As of December 31, 2022, Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2 we, our, us or the company had the following three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) its units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant, (ii) Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and (iii) redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50. In addition, this Description of Securities also references the company s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B ordinary shares or founder shares ), which are not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible into Class A ordinary shares. The description of the Class B ordinary shares is included to assist in the description of the Class A ordinary shares. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to our sponsor are to CGA Sponsor 2, LLC and references to our initial shareholders are to our sponsor and our independent directors that held our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (our IPO ). Defined terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 330,000,000 ordinary shares, including 300,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 30,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because the below is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. Units Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement that governs the warrants (the warrant agreement ), a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. Holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. Ordinary Shares Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special 

 resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting that shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 300,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares that we will be authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to elect directors. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days notice be given of any general meeting. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such 

 shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our IPO, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our IPO (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder Shares The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our IPO, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (a) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (b) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (c) our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares (ii) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our IPO (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (d) the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein; and (e) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from 

 the trust account if we do not consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. Except as described herein, pursuant to a letter agreement that our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into with us, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this description as the lock-up. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and our directors and executive officers with respect to any founder shares. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting that shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. Register of Members Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares of each member; whether voting rights are attached to the share in issue; the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and the date on which any person ceased to be a member. Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of the company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of our IPO, the register of members was updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members was updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

 Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We are not obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant is exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we are not obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event are we required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In the case of a cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per whole warrant. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): in whole and not in part; at a price of 0.01 per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the 

heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: in whole and not in part; at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments ), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. Beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is 

 the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

Redemption Date Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares (period to expiration of warrants) 10.00 11.00 12.00 13.00 14.00 15.00 16.00 17.00 18.00 60 months 0.261 0.281 0.297 0.311 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 57 months 0.257 0.277 0.294 0.310 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 54 months 0.252 0.272 0.291 0.307 0.322 0.335 0.347 0.357 0.361 51 months 0.246 0.268 0.287 0.304 0.320 0.333 0.346 0.357 0.361 48 months 0.241 0.263 0.283 0.301 0.317 0.332 0.344 0.356 0.361 45 months 0.235 0.258 0.279 0.298 0.315 0.330 0.343 0.356 0.361 42 months 0.228 0.252 0.274 0.294 0.312 0.328 0.342 0.355 0.361 39 months 0.221 0.246 0.269 0.290 0.309 0.325 0.340 0.354 0.361 36 months 0.213 0.239 0.263 0.285 0.305 0.323 0.339 0.353 0.361 33 months 0.205 0.232 0.257 0.280 0.301 0.320 0.337 0.352 0.361 30 months 0.196 0.224 0.250 0.274 0.297 0.316 0.335 0.351 0.361 27 months 0.185 0.214 0.242 0.268 0.291 0.313 0.332 0.350 0.361 24 months 0.173 0.204 0.233 0.260 0.285 0.308 0.329 0.348 0.361 21 months 0.161 0.193 0.223 0.252 0.279 0.304 0.326 0.347 0.361 18 months 0.146 0.179 0.211 0.242 0.271 0.298 0.322 0.345 0.361 15 months 0.130 0.164 0.197 0.230 0.262 0.291 0.317 0.342 0.361 12 months 0.111 0.146 0.181 0.216 0.250 0.282 0.312 0.339 0.361 9 months 0.090 0.125 0.162 0.199 0.237 0.272 0.305 0.336 0.361 6 months 0.065 0.099 0.137 0.178 0.219 0.259 0.296 0.331 0.361 3 months 0.034 0.065 0.104 0.150 0.197 0.243 0.286 0.326 0.361 0 months 0.042 0.115 0.179 0.233 0.281 0.323 0.361 
 The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares. This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A ordinary shares exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of the prospectus related to our IPO. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our 

 best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. Anti-dilution Adjustments. If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a sub-division of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, sub-division or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

 Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. 

 The warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth herein, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Certain Differences in Corporate Law Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 66 2 / 3 in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be 

 complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement, which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

 the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. Squeeze-out Provisions. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. Shareholders Suits. Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes that have actually been obtained; or those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. Special Considerations for Exempted Companies. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; 

 an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 30 years in the first instance); an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our IPO that apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our IPO, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 12 months from the closing of our IPO or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with 

 the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination that contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; So long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting commissions and income taxes payable on the interest or other income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution that requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan that are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorism Financing, Prevention of Proliferation Financing and Financial Sanctions Compliance Cayman Islands If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Law (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. Data Protection Cayman Islands We have certain duties under the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the DPL based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. Privacy Notice Introduction This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the company you will provide us with certain personal information that constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPL personal data ). In the following discussion, the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. 

 Investor Data We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPL, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPL, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the DPL or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us. We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. Who this Affects If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. How the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data The company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: (a) where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; (b) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, prevention of proliferation financing, financing sanctions and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or (c) where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data In certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. The Data Protection Measures We Take Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPL. We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. 

 We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. Rights of Individual Data Subjects Individual data subjects have certain data protection rights, including the right to: be informed about the purposes for which your personal data are processed; access your personal data; stop direct marketing; restrict the processing of your personal data; have incomplete or inaccurate personal data corrected; ask us to stop processing your personal data; be informed of a personal data breach (unless the breach is unlikely to be prejudicial to you); complain to the Data Protection Ombudsman; and require us to delete your personal data in some limited circumstances. Certain Anti-takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings. Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Registration and Shareholder Rights The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed on the effective date of our IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Except as described herein, pursuant to a letter agreement that our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into with us, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees are subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this description as the lock-up. 

 In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Listing of Securities Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq under the symbol TRONU, TRON and TRONW , respectively. The units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded following the completion of our initial business combination. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 tronu-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Marvin Tien, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 By: /s/ Marvin Tien Name: Marvin Tien Title: Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 tronu-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Jerome Jerry Letter, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. /s/ Marvin Tien 

Date: April 3, 2023 By: /s/ Jerome Jerry Letter Name: Jerome Jerry Letter Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 tronu-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) In connection with the Annual Report of Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2 (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Marvin Tien, Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 3, 2023 By: /s/ Marvin Tien Name: Marvin Tien Title: Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 tronu-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) In connection with the Annual Report of Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2 (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jerome Jerry Letter, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 3, 2023 By: /s/ Jerome Jerry Letter Name: Jerome Jerry Letter Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tronu-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tronu-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tronu-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tronu-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

