<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230427_10-K_edgar_data_1530746_0001903596-23-000342.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7781299</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>192080</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2405277</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2370462</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1068093</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1524584</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001903596-23-000342.hdr.sgml : 20230427
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230427145120
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001903596-23-000342
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230427
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230427

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kaya Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001530746
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				900898007
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-177532
		FILM NUMBER:		23855724

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		915 MIDDLE RIVER DRIVE, SUITE 316
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33304
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-5347895

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		915 MIDDLE RIVER DRIVE, SUITE 316
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33304

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alternative Fuels Americas, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120125

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alternative Fuels America, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110921

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001903596-23-000342.txt : 20230427

10-K
 1
 kays_10k.htm

` 

UNITED
 STATES 
 SECURITIES
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON,
 D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 
 Commission
 File No. 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 of other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

- 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

None 

 (Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] [ ] No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
[X] [ ] No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company
or emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

[
] Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer 

[X]
 Smaller reporting company 

emerging growth company 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [ ] Yes [X] 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately as of June 30, 2022, based
on the closing price on such date of 0.063 of the Company s common stock on the OTCQB tier of the over-the-counter market operated
by OTC Markets Group, Inc. 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. There
were shares of common stock outstanding as of April 24, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: No documents are incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K except those Exhibits so incorporated
as set forth in the list of Exhibits set forth in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

KAYA
HOLDINGS, INC. 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR 

 ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors. 
 26 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 
 33 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 33 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 
 34 

Part
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 35 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 36 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 
 37 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 41 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 41 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 41 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 
 43 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information. 
 43 

Part
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 44 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation. 
 46 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 47 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 48 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services. 
 49 

Part
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 50 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 51 
 
 Signatures 
 
 52 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Information
contained in this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections titled Item
1. Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations and are generally identifiable by use of the words may , will
 , should , expect , anticipate , estimate 
, believe , intend or project or the negative of these words
or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. 

The
forward-looking statements herein represent our expectations, beliefs, plans, intentions or strategies concerning future events. Our
forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that may be incorrect, and there can be no assurance that any projections or other
expectations included in any forward-looking statements will come to pass. Moreover, our forward-looking statements are subject to various
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. 

Except
as required by applicable laws, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason, even if
new information becomes available or other events occur in the future. 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ), the terms KAYS , the
Company , we , us and our refer to Kaya Holdings, Inc.
and its owned and controlled subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview 

Kaya Holdings,
Inc is a holding company focusing on wellness and mental health through operations in medical and recreational cannabis, CBD products
and psychedelic treatment clinics. 

KAYS has
approximately nine years of operational experience as a vertically integrated legal cannabis enterprise and is the first U.S. publicly
traded company to operate a legal marijuana dispensary, as well as the first to vertically integrate by adding cultivation and manufacturing.
The Company produces, distributes, and/or sells a full range of premium cannabis products including flower, oils, vape cartridges and
cannabis infused confections, baked goods and beverages through a fully integrated group of subsidiaries and companies supporting highly
distinctive brands. 

In Oregon,
KAYS is seeking the requisite licenses from the Oregon Department of Health (the OHA to operate State Licensed Psilocybin
Manufacturing and Facilitation Service Centers in Oregon. In November 2020 Oregon became the first state in the United States to legalize
and license the supervised use of psychedelic therapeutics for treatment of a range of physical and mental health issues, and in January,
2023 they began accepting licensing applications for OHA State Licensed Psilocybin Facilitators (OHA approved licensed professionals to
operate the clinics) and also licensing for Manufacturing, Testing and the Facilitation clinics where clients can obtain Psilocybin Services.
The OHA also launched Oregon s medical cannabis program in 2014, giving KAYS critical experience in comprehending and complying
with OHA mandates, and sets the stage for KAYS First Mover Advantage in the emerging US psychedelic therapeutics industry. 

In Florida,
KAYS is seeking to open ketamine treatment facilities to be operated by licensed medical staff that can legally give ketamine treatments
to alleviate treatment resistant mental health issues including severe depression, PTSD, eating disorders, alcoholism and other mental
health issues. 

Cannabis Operations 

The Company s cannabis business strategy
seeks to achieve four fundamental objectives: 

maintaining direct access to customers (to own the relationship with end-users); 

effecting vertical integration to control the supply chain (to control cost, selection and quality); 

introducing strong brands in tradition and innovative categories (to control asset development); and 

creating the capacity to expand nationally and internationally as regulations and opportunities permit. 

Kaya Holdings currently operates three majority-owned
cannabis subsidiaries, each responding to various demands and opportunities in the cannabis industry, to aid in the execution of these
objectives: 

Marijuana Holdings Americas, Inc. 

Marijuana Holdings Americas, Inc. MJAI ),
incorporated in 2014, operates the Company s U.S. based cannabis operations including its Kaya Shack retail brand and the
Kaya Farms cultivation brand. 

1 

After
an evaluation of several factors including reputation for cannabis excellence, costs of entry, learning opportunity, and ease of regulatory
structure, the Company selected Oregon as its point-of-entry into the legal cannabis sector where it commenced operations in Oregon in
July 2014. Oregon is universally recognized for its excellence in cannabis cultivation and is part of the famed Green Triangle 
of expert cannabis cultivation that also includes Northern California. Having Oregon as the Company s learning ground has allowed
the Company to combine traditional methods of cannabis cultivation with modern agriculture techniques. 

The
Company has developed its own proprietary Kaya Farms strains of cannabis, which it has grown and produced at the various medical
and recreational grows that the Company has operated and maintained over the past seven years in Oregon. Additionally, the Company currently
maintains a genetic library of seeds for over 200 top strains of cannabis that it has assembled from its own grow operations, contract
growers, vendors for its retail stores and other commercial sources which it intends to utilize to launch international grow operations
in Israel, Greece and elsewhere. 

The Company s US cannabis operations are currently
focused in Oregon, where the Company s operations are licensed by the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (the OLCC ),
which has jurisdiction over legal medical and recreational cannabis grow, production and retail operations. The Company currently has
one active OLCC Marijuana Retailer License in Oregon which it is utilizing to operate a Kaya Shack retail outlet in Portland. 

Sale of Lebanon, Oregon Farm Property

In August 2017, the Company purchased a 26-acre parcel
in Lebanon, Linn County, Oregon for 510,000 on which we intended to construct a Greenhouse Grow and Production Facility (the Property and filed for OLCC licensure. As previously reported in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, in
August 2023 the Company elected to sell the Property and entered into an agreement (the CVC Agreement with CVC International,
Inc. CVC ), an institutional investor who holds certain of the Company s Convertible Promissory Notes (the Notes ),
one of which was secured by a 500,000 mortgage on the Property. 

Pursuant to the CVC Agreement, CVC released its 500,000
mortgage lien on the Property, to enable the Company to sell the Property and utilize the proceeds therefrom for the benefit of the Company
and its shareholders, without having to repay CVC the 500,000 Note held by CVC. 

Additionally,
CVC agreed to advance certain sums against the sale of the Property Advances ), which included 150,000 advanced at the
time the CVC Agreement was entered into, 120,000 which was advanced to the Company by CVC on November 10, 2022 and an additional short-term
loan of 100,000 which was also secured by the Property. The Advances bear interest at the rate of 10 per annum and are convertible into
shares of our common stock at 0.08 per share, subject to market adjustment. On February 28, 2023 we sold the Property for a price of
 769,500, less commissions and customary closing costs. The net proceeds of the sale were used to repay the Advances (Principal of 370,000
and interest due of approximately 18,500. After such repayments, the Company realized net proceeds of approximately 302,000. 
 The land is reflected on the balance sheet as assets held for
sale for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, at a value of 516,076. 

Sale of Salem Oregon Cannabis Dispensary 

In
November of 2022 the Company entered into an agreement with the OLCC to resolve an Administrative Action filed by the OLCC (as previously
disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and in the Company s Quarterly
report for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 Per the terms of the agreement the Company agreed to either enter into a purchase and sale
agreement for its retail license in South Salem by February 1, 2023 (the renewal date) or surrender the license. Since the time of the
agreement the Company has entered into an asset purchase agreement for the sale of its Salem Retail Cannabis Store Store 2 for 210,000, less a 6 closing commission and minor closing expenses. The purchase price has been deposited in escrow, with a closing
anticipated to occur prior to the end of April, 2023 as the OLCC has approved the license transfer to the purchaser. The net book value
of the assets as of December 31, 2022 was 0 and
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 410,880.00. 

The Company intends to utilize the net proceeds of
approximately 500,000 from both the sale of the Property and Store 2, for general working capital including the resolution of its three
non-performing store leases in South Oregon, the development of its planned Oregon psilocybin business and planned Florida hybrid ketamine
treatment Clinic facilities, as well as for the enhancement of its Portland Kaya Shack retail cannabis store to create a streamlined
model designed to facilitate franchising efforts and development of its international projects. Additionally, the Company is also evaluating
other locations in the United States to pursue other domestic licensed retail cannabis operations. 

2 

Kaya Brands USA 

Kaya Brands USA KBUS is being incorporated
to manage and leverage the intellectual property associated with the Kaya family of brands and seek out US based projects and ventures
to enhance stockholder value associated with their development. 

KBUS presently manages several proprietary brands
formulated and developed by the Company which includes the Kaya Shack retail brand, the Kaya Farms cultivation brand, and
the Kaya Gear apparel brand, as well as a host of carefully developed cannabis and CBD products that include cannabis extracts
and concentrates, vape cartridges, chocolates, gummies and chews, topicals and creams, beverages, foods, and cannaceuticals. 

Kaya Brands
International and International Plans for Expansion 

Kaya Brands International,
Inc. KBI was incorporated in late 2019 to serve as the Company s vehicle for expansion into worldwide cannabis markets.
KBI is seeking to leverage the other product brands for development of the Kaya Shack retail and Kaya Farms brands in Europe
and elsewhere as opportunities permit. Projects currently under development include licensing of the Kaya Farms brand to develop
cultivation projects in Greece, Israel and other potential locations. 

Kaya Farms Greece 

On January 11, 2021, KAYS/KBI, through a majority owned subsidiary of KBI
(Kaya Farms Greece or KFG and Greekkannabis GKC , an Athens based cannabis company) executed an agreement for
KBI to acquire 50 of GKC. The first 25 was acquired in January, 2021 and the remaining 25 was acquired in July, 2021. 

GKC s projects include two medical cannabis cultivation and processing
projects in Greece- one in Epidaurus, Greece and the other in Thebes, Greece. 

The Epidaurus Project consists of 2 connected industrial buildings (already
constructed, approximately 50,000 square feet in total under-air space) situated on 2.8 acres of land, with its own independent industrial
electrical power center and ample water supply to service the needs of the facility. The Epidaurus Project will include 25,000 square
feet of indoor cannabis cultivation, a 15,000 square foot EU-GMP extraction and processing facility, and a 10,000 square foot EU-GMP packing
area. There is ample room for expansion with room to construct an additional 15,000 square feet on site. The joint venture has been awarded
its development license to from the Greek authorities and is awaiting project financing to complete the acquisition of the Epidaurus property
and complete the installation of EU Certified equipment to gain final licensing of the facility. 

3 

The Thebes Project has a development license from the Greek authorities
and a purchase option on 15 acres in Thebes, Greece. The farm has large-scale cultivation capacities and the company expects to develop
the site once legal cannabis demand warrants an increase in capacity. 

Neither of the subject properties are currently owned
or optioned by GKC or its operating subsidiaries, but the land for the potential project in Epidaurus is owned by one of the Greek Partner s
families and the Land in Thibes is currently available for purchase or option and the Company believes it could acquire either of the
Properties on good terms once funding and market conditions allow. Alternatively, both licenses are in good order, and can be transferred
to a new location pending Greek government approval. 

Kaya Farms Israel 

On March 30, 2021 the Company confirmed that its Israeli
subsidiary, Kaya Shalvah has been awarded its initial permit from the YAKAR , the Department for Medical Cannabis in the Israeli
Ministry of Health, to develop an Israeli cannabis cultivation and processing facility. This initial permit grants Kaya Shalvah permission
to proceed with its plans to develop commercial scale cannabis cultivation and processing in Israel. 

We have chosen to become active in the Israeli cannabis
market because of this position as global center of cannabis science, where technologies are specifically developed to enhance cannabis
cultivation processes and yields, and innovative consumer products are emerging that have potential interest for both the medical and
recreational markets throughout the world. 

Kaya Shalvah is currently focused on two separate
paths of development to launch its Israel Operations- the first being through participation in the government sponsored Greenegev Cannabis
Ecosystem in Yerucham, Israel and the second path being through potentially acquiring an interest in currently licensed medical cannabis
production and processing facilities that are already operating in Israel. 

Fifth Dimension Therapeutics- Psilocybin Therapeutics
Business Plan 

Psylocibins Facilitation
Centers 

In November, 2020 Oregon became the first state in
the United States to legalize and license the supervised use of psychedelic therapeutics for treatment of a range of physical and mental
health issues. 

On December 13, 2022 the Company formed Fifth Dimension
Therapeutics FDT to seek to provide psychedelic
 mind care treatments to veterans suffering from PTSD, addicts seeking to break addiction, individuals with eating disorders,
and others with a wide array of treatment resistant mental health disorders. 

On January 3, 2023 the Oregon Health Authority (the
 OHA began to accept license applications, allowing each entity to own and operate one (1) Psilocybin manufacturing and
processing facility for the production of Psilocybin Mushrooms and derived therapeutics Psilocybins ), and up to five (5)
Psilocybin Facilitation Centers where clients would go to ingest Psilocybins and experience effects under the supervision of State Licensed
Facilitators. 

The OHA also launched Oregon s medical cannabis
program in 2014, giving KAYS critical experience in comprehending and complying with OHA mandates. The psilocybin opportunity is a logical
extension for Kaya Holdings. The purpose, customer, regulations, and operations, as well as our familiarity with Oregon regulators, are
synergistic with our current mission, and can be leveraged within our current operational infrastructure. We anticipate being able to
respond to market demand rapidly, upon licensing. 

4 

The licenses to be issued in Oregon will be the first
ever State Legal Licensing of Psilocybin Manufacturing and Treatment Centers, and KAYS is positioned to be a first mover due to its operating
history in Oregon. The Company has begun the process of enrolling staff that qualify for the licensing into the training programs that
have been approved for state certification and is in process of identifying a site for Psilocybin Manufacturing and Processing and up
to five (5) sites to open and operate Psilocybin Facilitation Centers, subject to financing and final regulatory approval. 

On March 13, 2023, Bryan Arnold (one of KAYS Vice
Presidents and its longest serving Oregon Employee) completed his OHA Certified Psilocybin Education through the Changra Institute and
became one of the first eighteen graduates to obtain Psilocybin Facilitator certification in the State of Oregon. Bryan s Facilitation
application (along with the other 17 graduates of this first state approved course) is currently pending review with the OHA, and the
Company expects to file a Facilitation Clinic License application once he is approved and they have secured appropriate space on good
terms. Additionally, the Company expects to enroll additional potential licensee candidates within the coming months to bolster its ranks
of OHA Licensed Psilocybin Facilitators. 

The
Science 

It is estimated that approximately every 40
seconds someone in the world commits suicide. Psilocybin may soon be available as a mainstream medical treatment for treatment
resistant depression (TRD) and other mental health diseases, potentially providing a new lease on life for millions
worldwide for whom current medications do not work. Psilocybin, a naturally occurring compound found in magic
mushrooms , is one of an emerging class of psychedelic medicines that contain potent psychoactive chemicals that can serve to
affect human perception, emotions, and other cognitive functions. Psychedelic medicines have been found to have ground-breaking
potential in treating a range of physical and mental disorders including anxiety and panic disorder, resistant depression, opiate
addiction, adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ADHD ), opioid addiction, post-traumatic stress disorder PTSD ), and acute and chronic pain. 

A
2020 study in the Journal of the American Medical Association Psychiatry found that 71 of the patients with severe, previously treatment-resistant
depression, showed clinically significant improvement that lasted at least four weeks and with low potential 
for addiction. Speaking on the study one of the study s co-authors, Alan Davis, a neuroscience researcher at Ohio State University
and adjunct professor at the Johns Hopkins Center for Psychedelic and Consciousness Research stated, I would say at this stage
the research is showing that in safe settings, this provides relief from debilitating mental health problems for some people. 

The
Numbers 

Insight
Ace Analytic, an industry research firm, reports that the global psychedelic therapeutics market was valued at US 3.61 billion in 2021,
and estimates the market will reach US 8.31 billion by 2028, with a CAGR of 13.2 during the forecast period of 2022-2028. Other market
estimates include the research firm Research Markets estimate that the psychedelic drugs market will reach US 10.75 billion
by 2027. 

As
recently reported in the Wall Street Journal, Venture Capitalist Brom Rector of Empath Ventures sees Psychedelics as a
traditional biotech play, with a high probability of failure but a potential upside of 10, 20, maybe 50 times. Additionally, he
sees many of the infrastructure companies for the industry as having a lot higher probability of becoming cash flow positive. 

While
Oregon is currently the only State that has legalized Psilocybin for medical use with a regulatory framework in place to issue licenses
for their manufacture and sale, Denver Colorado, Santa Cruz and Oakland, California, Ann Arbor, Michigan, Washington D.C., and Seattle,
Washington have all decriminalized small quantities. Other activity in the U.S. include: 

The Connecticut legislature
 has begun the process toward legalizing Psilocybin centers for the treatment of veterans. Many veterans groups are advocating
 making psychedelic treatments available for veterans, particularly those with PTSD. 

Texas, Utah, Maryland,
 and Washington State have set up task forces to study the medical use of psilocybin and have funded research to explore the effects
 of psilocybin on certain mental health conditions. 

Colorado and California
 have ballots initiatives pending that would legalize psilocybin. 

The New Jersey senate is
 considering a bill that would legalize psilocybin to treat certain disorders. 

Internationally: 

The Canadian government
 has been sued by an advocate group to force the legalization of psilocybin and other psychedelics. 

Possession of psilocybin
 is legal in Austria, British Virgin Islands, Spain, and Portugal. 

Psilocybin is legal to
 possess, sell, transport, and cultivate in Bahamas, Jamaica, Brazil, Nepal, Netherlands (only as a truffle), and Samoa. 

5 

Florida Ketamine Treatment Facilities 

On
February 15, 2023 the Company announced today that FDT reached an agreement in principle with Florida-based Total Holistic Center Total Holistic to assist FDT with the development of its ketamine treatment model as a first step in the launch
of its planned Fifth Dimension Therapeutics Mind Care Clinics and Telehealth Services. Dr. Anya Temer of Total Holistic Center will be
developing treatment protocols for KAYS' Ketamine Clinic and Telehealth Model to be Launched from Holistic s Boca Raton, Lake Worth,
and Miami Beach Clinics. Initial plans call for co-locating the Company's Keta-Kaya business within Total Holistic Center's
existing offices in Boca Raton, Fort Worth and Miami Beach upon the completion of required protocols. The hybrid Ketamine Clinic and Telehealth
model will operate under the direction of Dr. Anya Temer, who will initially serve as FDT's Medical Director in Florida. Dr. Temer is
the medical director and chief practitioner at Total Holistic Centers, a Florida based Alternative Healthcare Provider with offices in
Boca Raton, Fort Worth, and Miami Beach. 

Founding Board Members and Management Staffing
of Fifth Dimension Therapeutics, Inc. 

On January 25, 2023 the Company welcomed attorney
Glenn E.J. Murphy to the FDT Board of Director. Glenn will assist FDT with introductions to pharmaceutic companies seeking data and access
to psychedelic patients, as well as advising on the development of intellectual property, structure of potential joint ventures, funding
opportunities, acquisitions, and other related endeavors. Glenn has twenty-five years of private and corporate practice, including ten
years in-house with the Henkel Group and more than fifteen years in private practice, Glenn's experience has touched on most every aspect
of intellectual property practice. 

Glenn's current practice primarily focuses on building
and managing domestic and international utility and design patent portfolios and opining on the validity and infringement of U.S. patents.
In addition to drafting and prosecuting patent applications filed in the U.S. and foreign patent offices, Glenn has briefed and argued
before the U.S. Patent Office Board of Appeals, assisted with the preparation and argument of appeals before the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the Federal Circuit, and assisted with the conduct of bench and jury trials in the U.S. District Courts and the U.S. International
Trade Commission. He has provided due diligence and advice in acquisitions, divestments, licenses, and other transactions involving intellectual
property rights. He has particular experience in building and managing domestic utility and design patent portfolios for non-U.S. clients. 

Mr. Murphy is a member of Ratner Prestia's Biotechnology,
General Chemistry and Polymers and Pharmaceutical Chemistry Groups. To review Mr. Murphy's biography, please go to https://www.ratnerprestia.com/professionals/glenn-e-j-murphy/. 

Dr. Anya Temer, who will initially serve as FDT s
Medical Director in Florida, completed her Bachelor s degree with a Major in Psychology from Hunter University. She received her
medical degree from the New York College of Osteopathic Medicine in 2011, completing her residency at Westchester General Hospital of
Florida in 2014. Since that time she has dedicated her career to the holistic / integrative view of medicine that the human is not a series
of separate organs, but rather one cohesive unit that needs to be viewed as a whole. Much of the therapy at Total Holistic Center is focused
on the mind - body connection while using the latest personalized biometrics to understand the root cause of each client's problems. Her
dedication to the whole - person / root - cause approach sharpened during her residency as she saw imbalances between such
areas as patient treatment, nutrition, exercise, and mental health. 

Corporate Information 

We are incorporated
in the State of Delaware. Our corporate office is located at 915 Middle River Drive, Suite 316, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, 33304. Our
telephone number is 954-892-6911 and our corporate website is www.kayaholdings.com. Information contained on our corporate website does
not constitute part of this Annual Report. 

6 

Corporate
Information 

We
are incorporated in the State of Delaware. Our corporate office is located at 915 Middle River Drive, Suite 316, Fort Lauderdale, Florida,
33304. Our telephone number is 954-892-6911 and our corporate website is www.kayaholdings.com. Information contained on our corporate
website does not constitute part of this Annual Report. 

The
Global Cannabis Industry 

The
global cannabis market is being driven by the increasing number of countries passing legislation to decriminalize the use of cannabis
and legalize cannabis for medicinal use. This change in legislation is the result of an increase in public awareness to the medicinal
benefits of cannabis and greater social acceptance of cannabis use. 

According
to New Frontier Data, more than 260 million adults globally consumed cannabis at least once annually in 2018 placing global spending
on cannabis (legal illicit) at 344 billion USD annually. 

The
Insight Partners, another research group, in their 2019 Global Cannabis Market report projects the global cannabis market to reach 153,689,900,000
in 2027, which represents a CAGR of 34 from 2019-2027. 

Prohibition
Partners, expects the North American market to remain the world s largest until 2023, when they expect North American 17.7 billion)
to outpace Europe 16.8 billion). By 2024, with a forecasted global market of 103.9 billion, Europe is expected to outperform North
America 39.1 billion to 37.9 billion. 

Of
the 103.9 billion global cannabis market forecasted by Prohibition Partners, 62.7 billion is expected to be medical cannabis driven.
Of this 62.7 billion, Europe is expected to be the largest market, with 22.3 billion, followed by North America with 20.2 billion. 

North
America 

 North
America, according to New Frontier Data, represents a total cannabis demand (legal illicit) valued at 86 billion USD. The United
States and Canada have been leading the global legal cannabis movement, which in turn impacts the way governments worldwide are structuring
the regulation of legal cannabis in their own countries. 

Canada 

Canada legalized medical cannabis in 2001 and in October
2017 the Federal Cannabis Act came into effect, making Canada the first G7 nation to legalize recreational cannabis. The legal structure
has given rise to large Canadian cannabis companies that have achieved high valuations, which they have leveraged to purchase supply chain
companies and invest in overseas infrastructure projects to produce cannabis at costs lower than those in Canada. Increasing competition
from U.S. and European countries and investor frustration has seen some decline of valuation and some Canadian companies have been forced
to shrink operations and lessen their developing global footprint. Canadian cannabis companies currently export to more than twenty countries.
Up until 2020, most exports of cannabis from Canada had been sent to European Countries. Exports of oil and flowers from Canada to Europe
increased from 2019-2020 by 28 in terms of weight, but have declined, with most flowers being exported to Israel and the majority of
oil being exported to Australia. 

The
United States 

The
United States has been the global leader in cannabis innovation; including new genetics, cultivation techniques, derivative products,
and delivery methods. 

 Cannabis
remains federally illegal in the United States, with the interstate transport and sale of cannabis prohibited. Nonetheless, support for
legal recreational cannabis remains above 60 in most reputable polls, and 48 U.S. states have some form of legal medical or recreational
cannabis (including hemp/CBD). Only Idaho and Nebraska prohibit all forms of cannabinoids. 

7 

States with some type of legal medical cannabis includes
Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware , Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana,
New Hampshire, Louisiana, Maryland, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, New Hampshire, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma,
Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. 

States which permit the sales of recreational, or
 adult-use cannabis are Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Illinois, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Montana,
Nevada, New Jersey, New York, New Mexico, Oregon, South Dakota, Vermont, Virginia and Washington. The District of Colombia (Washington
D.C.) also permits adult-use cannabis. 

 Despite the number of individual states permitting
the cultivation and distribution of cannabis (including hemp), in 2021 the U.S. Senate failed to pass a bill that would reclassify cannabis
from a Schedule I drug under the Controlled Substances Act, which would have allowed cannabis companies access to banking and relief
from punitive IRS rules. 

Europe 

 Some
key points about the European medical cannabis market are: 

New
 Frontier Data estimates the European cannabis market (legal illicit) generates 69 billion USD annually. 

Prohibition
 Partners Europe forecasts Europe to be the largest legal cannabis market worldwide by 2024, with a total value of 39.1 billion. 

The
 Insight Partners estimates the European cannabis market will be worth 474 million by the end of 2021. They estimate the market to
 grow with a CAGR of 67.4 from 2021 to reach 3.75 billion by 2025. 

Europe
 is projected to surpass North America (currently the largest medical cannabis market) in 2024, with a market value of 39.1 billion
 to North America s 37.9 billion. 

Total
 European market sales, including isolated cannabinoids, finished pharmaceutical products, cannabis flower and full spectrum cannabis
 products exceeded 295 million in 2019. 

Germany
 has by far the largest number of medical cannabis patients as of 2021. By 2025, it is expected that countries like France and the
 United Kingdom will have developed their patient access considerably, growing to represent a significant share of the European market. 

Israel
and Greece 

 In
September 2017, the Greek government announced it would be legalizing medical cannabis, and less than a year later Greek leaders approved
Law 4523 and Joint Ministerial Decision No. 51483, which permitted farming and production of medical cannabis. In 2020 the Greek Parliament
passed legislation that further relaxed cannabis export regulations, now permitting the bulk export of cannabis flower. 

Israel
is currently the largest importer of medical cannabis in the world. By September 2020 Israel had imported more than Nine tonnes of cannabis.
The strong medical cannabis program stems from traditionally progressive cannabis policies and strong cultural acceptance of cannabis
medicinal uses. 

 The
Israeli cannabis sector has been slowed by regulations, which have hindered Israeli cannabis exports and complicated domestic distribution.
There is currently no mutual recognition agreement between local Medical Cannabis GMP and EU-GMP, denying many Israeli firms the qualifications
necessary to export to Europe. 

In
February 2021, Israeli cannabis company Panaxia was chosen to supply medical cannabis to Cyprus and France as part of new government
programs. IM Cannabis exports cannabis to Germany by purchasing EU-GMP flower and selling the product to German wholesalers. 

8 

Kaya 
Family of Brands 

KAYS
produces, distributes, and/or sells a full range of premium cannabis products including flower, oils, vape cartridges and cannabis infused
confections, baked goods and beverages through a fully integrated group of subsidiaries and companies supporting highly distinctive brands. 

Operational
Brands (2014-2023) 

9 

Next
Stage Traditional (2023-2024) 

10 

Next
Stage Innovative (2023-2024) 

Note:
The Next Stage Traditional and Next Stage Innovative brands are all targeted for release in 2023 and 2024.
The Company is currently awaiting developments with the Company s projects in Israel and Greece to finalize the release dates for
these brands, some of which will be CBD only based on demand and legal structure in Europe. 

11 

The
Kaya Shack Brand 

Kaya Holdings operates the Kaya Shack 
brand of legal medical and recreational retail marijuana retail stores. Kaya Holdings presently operates only one recreational marijuana
retail outlets and medical marijuana dispensary in Portland, Oregon under the Kaya Shack brand, but is positioning the brand for
franchising in the US and International Markets in Greece, Israel and Europe. 

Dubbed
by the mainstream press as the Starbucks of Marijuana after our first outlet opened in July 2014, our operating concept
is simple: to deliver a consistent customer experience (quality products, fair prices and superior customer service) to a broad and diverse
base of customers. Kaya Shack meets the quality needs of the marijuana enthusiast , the comfort and atmosphere of
all including soccer moms and the price sensitivities of casual smokers. 

The
Kaya Shack brand communicates positive thinking and joy, with signs adorning the walls that read It s a Good Day
to have a Good Day, Some of our Happiest Days Haven t Even Happened Yet, and our signature Be Kind. 

Kaya
Shack retail outlets are open 7 days a week- Monday through Sunday from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. Operations follow an operational
manual that details procedures for 18 areas of operation including safety, compliance, store opening, store closing, merchandising, handling
of cash, inventory control, product intake, store appearance and employee conduct. 

In
compliance with regulations, all marijuana and marijuana infused products sold through our stores are quality tested by independent labs
to assure adherence to strict quality and OLCC regulations. 

The
Company is exploring opportunities to expand its operations beyond Oregon by replicating its Kaya Shack brand retail outlets through
franchising in other states where medial and or recreational cannabis use is legal or expected to become legal in the near term, as well
as in Canada, Greece and Israel, as part of KAYS International Expansion Plans. KAYS also is targeting opening corporate owned marijuana
production and processing facilities to support the envisioned franchised outlets, and to both maintain quality control and offer customers
a consistent customer experience while reducing costs of goods to franchisees. 

12 

Kaya
Shack Retail Outlets 

Our store layout features a check-out stand
wrapped to feature the Company s proprietary brand of pre-rolls, Kaya Buddies. The Buddies program is an exciting and popular pre-roll
offering, featuring a wide selection (20-30 strains of pre-rolls) and featuring our special Kaya Saying in each Buddies tube. A glass
display case showcases at least 25 strains of marijuana flower, which the stores serve to customers deli style , weighing
straight from the jar to the customer s take-out tube. An additional display case with a varied selection of oils, concentrates
and topicals rounds out the cannabis product display. 

13 

The store layout also features standing
display cases with cannabis intended glassware under the Company s brand Really Happy Glass, as well as a rack of proprietary t-shirt
designs marketed under the Company brand Kaya Gear. The store layout also has a hospitality area that offers free water, coffee, tea and
hot cocoa. As required by law, all products containing marijuana are either behind locked glass or behind the counter and out of customer
reach. 

14 

Kaya
Shack , 1719 SE Hawthorne Blvd., Portland, Oregon. 

Our
Kaya Shack OLCC licensed marijuana store (located in the heart of the trendy Hawthorne district in southeast Portland, the Greenwich
Village of the West Coast) opened for business July 03, 2014. The store is located next door to a cell phone repair shop, and
near to Devil s Dill restaurant and No Fun pub. There are also a McMenamins restaurant, tattoo parlor, convenience store, hair/nail
salon and a soccer sports bar. The area around the shop is mixed use (commercial and residential) and has a footprint of approximately
700 square feet and is the model for the Company s small urban shops. 

15 

Kaya
Farms 

The Company has developed its own proprietary
Kaya Farms strains of cannabis, which it has grown and produced at the various medical and recreational grows that the Company
has previously operated and maintained over the past eight years in Oregon. Additionally, KAYS has produced a full line of cannabis concentrates
and extracts which it has initially produced through third party manufacturers and marketed at the Kaya Shack Stores, along with the very
popular Kaya Buddies line of strain specific cannabis cigarettes. 

The
Company currently maintains a genetic library of seeds for over 200 top strains of cannabis that it has assembled from its own grow operations,
contract growers, vendors for its retail stores and other commercial sources which it intends to utilize to launch international grow
operations in Israel, Greece and elsewhere. 

16 

Kaya
Buddie Strain Specific Cannabis Cigarettes 

In
2016 the Company introduced a signature line of strain-specific connoisseur-grade, pre-rolled cannabis cigarettes branded as Kaya
Buddies . Kaya Buddies cannabis cigarettes have been very well received by medical patients and recreational users,
with the Company selling over 100,000 Kaya Buddies since launching the brand in January 2016. The brand, marketed under the tagline
 Buds with Benefits , features over 50 different strains of connoisseur-grade, high quality cannabis and proprietary specialty
blends. Many cannabis retailers produce prerolls, but none that we know of offer strain specific prerolls made from the buds of the flower. 

17 

Kaya
Brands International 

In
2019 KAYS formed Kaya Brands International, Inc. Kaya International or KBI ), to leverage its experience
and expand into worldwide cannabis markets. KBI s current initiatives include Greece and Israel, with additional areas under consideration. 

18 

Greece 

Kaya
Kannabis is a joint venture project cultivation-for-export cannabis-farming and processing project of Athens based Greekkannabis PC GKC and KBI. GKC is an Athens, Greece based cannabis company with deep ties in the Greek business community and a strong presence in the
academic and agricultural communities. The alliance is designed to combine the business acumen and extensive European network of GKC
with the broad cannabis industry and cannabis cultivation experience of Kaya Holdings. 

We
have selected Greece as the center of our European market activity because of its amenable cannabis regulations, favorable climate, affordable,
capable workforce, and the country s position as a major pharmaceutical center in Europe. As an EU nation Greece opens up the entire
European market (where legal) to KAYS flower and oils, and as permitted, the KAYS portfolio of brands. 

On January 11, 2021, through a majority owned subsidiary
of KBI, Kaya Farms Greece (or KFG and Greekkannabis GKC , an Athens based cannabis company) executed
an agreement for KBI to acquire 50 of GKC. The first 25 was acquired in January, 2021 and the remaining 25 was acquired in July, 2021.
GKC s projects include two medical cannabis cultivation and processing projects in Greece- one in Epidaurus, Greece and the other
in Thebes, Greece. 

Kaya
Kannabis- Epidaurus, Greece Project 

Site
of Epidaurus Land 

GKC
plans to cultivate and manufacture KAYS proprietary cannabis brands (CBD/THC) from the Epidaurus Project for distribution in the Greek,
German and other EU markets as permitted by local regulations. 

19 

Interior
View- KAYS newest project with 50K square feet of already constructed buildings is designed to 

 fast-track
sales of KAYS proprietary branded cannabis products to the EU. 

The
Epidaurus Project consists of 2 connected industrial buildings (already constructed, approximately 50,000 square feet in total under-air
space) situated on 2.8 acres of land, with its own independent industrial electrical power center and ample water supply to service the
needs of the facility. The Epidaurus Project will include 25,000 square feet of indoor cannabis cultivation, a 15,000 square foot EU-GMP
extraction and processing facility, and a 10,000 square foot EU-GMP packing area. There is ample room for expansion with room to construct
an additional 15,000 square feet on site. The joint venture is awaiting project financing and final license approval from Greek government
authorities. 

The
Epidaurus project is smaller in scale than the Company s 15-acre project in Thebes, Greece, allowing KAYS to fast-track cultivation
and processing of its proprietary branded cannabis products for distribution in legal EU markets while awaiting greater legal cannabis
demand to emerge prior to developing a large-scale capacity in Thebes. 

20 

Kaya
Kannabis- Thebes, Greece Project 

Kaya
Kannabis Medical Cannabis Production Facility in Thebes, Greece (Project Design Rendering) 

The
Thebes Project, as currently envisaged by management consists of up to 20,000 sq. meters of light deprivation greenhouses and 60,000
square feet of structure to be used for storage, laboratory, processing, manufacturing, logistics, and support/administrative space.
The Thebes Project has already obtained the initial cannabis construction license approvals from Greek government authorities and is
awaiting project financing. 

Situated
on 15 acres of land which GKC has contracted to purchase, the Thebes Project is much larger than the Epidaurus Project and allows the
Company Room to Grow should the legal circumstances in a country or region suddenly permit (i.e., German legalization of
recreational cannabis and the subsequent rapid rise in demand). Thebes, with large scale production and processing capabilities provides
KAYS the operational flexibility needed to secure and maintain market position in a rapidly evolving market arena once legal cannabis
demand warrants an increase in capacity. 

21 

Neither of the two subject Greece properties are currently owned or optioned
by GKC or its operating subsidiaries, but the land for the potential project in Epidaurus is owned by one of our Greek partner s
families and the land in Thibes is currently available for purchase or option. The Company believes it could acquire either of the properties
once funding and market conditions allow. Alternatively, both licenses are in good order, and can be transferred to a new location pending
Greek Government approval. 

Israel 

Kaya
Shalvah Cannabis Production Facility (Project Design Rendering). 

Israel has been a pioneer in cannabis R D for
several decades and is often referred to as the Silicon Valley of the Global Medical Cannabis Industry. Israel currently
has the world s largest medical marijuana program and is the largest importer of cannabis. 

There
is legislation under Knesset review to permit adult-use cannabis, making the domestic Israeli market an attractive opportunity. Upon
legalization of adult use cannabis in Israel, KAYS expects to sell flower and oils, and as permitted, the KAYS portfolio of brands in
Israel, leveraging its adult use market experience and Kaya Shack retail shops (through a local franchisee) to serve the domestic
Israeli market, and has begun to target distribution agreements with the Israeli Pharmaceutical Industry. 

We
have chosen to become active in the Israeli cannabis market because of this position as global center of cannabis science, where technologies
are specifically developed to enhance cannabis cultivation processes and yields, and innovative consumer products are emerging that have
potential interest for both the medical and recreational markets throughout the world. 

22 

On
March 30, 2021 the Company confirmed that its Israeli subsidiary, Kaya Shalvah has been awarded its initial permit from the YAKAR ,
the Department for Medical Cannabis in the Israeli Ministry of Health, to develop an Israeli cannabis cultivation and processing facility.
This initial permit grants Kaya Shalvah permission to proceed with its plans to develop commercial scale cannabis cultivation and processing
in Israel. 

Kaya
Shalvah is currently focused on two separate paths of development to launch its Israel Operations- the first being through participation
in the government sponsored Greenegev Cannabis Ecosystem in Yerucham, Israel and the second path being through potentially acquiring
an interest in currently licensed medical cannabis production and processing facilities that are already operating in Israel. 

Greenegev
Cannabis Ecosystem, Yerucham, Israel 

Under
the leadership of its Mayor, Tal Ohana, Yerucham has embarked on a program to transform the small desert town into Greenegev ,
the first cannabinoid ecosystem in Israel. The plans call for cultivation, processing and research companies to concentrate their respective
activities in Yerucham, attracting services that provide each resident company with core advantages by virtue of the cooperation and
support the ecosystem community is uniquely positioned to provide. Yerucham has a Development Zone A designation from the Israeli government,
making economic growth in the area a national priority and attaching a wide range of financial incentives to companies therein
establishing operations. 

Kaya
Shalvah meets all the prescribed criteria and the licensing process is progressing, with the full support and valuable assistance of
the Yerucham mayor s office and the municipal staff. Kaya Shalvah is also benefitting from the support and guidance of Major General
(Res.) Amram Mitzna, a former Yerucham mayor and the current chairman of the Yerucham Fund. 

Kaya Shalvah is currently waiting for the Israeli
Government to proceed with the land tender program (which has been delayed due to COVID 19 issues). Upon commencement with the bidding
program, Kaya Shalvah intends to submit its land acquisition bid for 100 Dunams (approximately 25 acres) of land to the Israel Land Authority,
which is tasked with processing the applications for the land bids that are part of the highly sought after Greenegez Cannabis Center
in Yerucham, Israel. 

23 

Pending
receipt of a successful bid through this program, once Kaya Shalvah develops the site in accordance with all Israeli regulations, and
meets all requisite standards, the final cultivation and processing licenses will be issued. 

The
Company has established a Board of Directors for Kaya Shalvah that includes: 

Offer
Lapidot (Brig. Gen. Res.) 

A career fighter pilot in the Israel Air Force (1969-1996),
Offer served two tours as a fighter squadron commander, and served as commander of the Flight Training School, commander of the Ramon
Air Force base, and Head of Planning Organization (at Air Force HQ). Offer holds the rank of Brigadier General. After his military
service Offer spent a number of years in senior management positions at Israel s leading retailer, as well as CEO of a high-tech
start-up, only to miss flying and return to the skies as a pilot for El Al airlines. After his mandatory retirement from commercial flying,
he joined the El Al executive team as the Director of Safety and Quality for El Al Airlines. Offer studied for his B.A. degree in Economics
at Bar Ilan University and holds an M.S. in Management from the Naval Post Graduate School in Monterey, California. 

Ilan
Horesh (Col. Res.) 

Ilan
was a career Israel Defense Forces officer, retiring in 1993 after 23 years at the rank of Colonel. During his career Ilan held numerous
command positions with combat ground forces. His final assignment in the IDF was Commander of the School of Electronics and Computerization.
After his military service Ilan embarked on a career as an executive and leader in the Israeli high tech sector, working with such companies
as Pelephone, Bezek, Paz Oil and others. Ilan has served on the Boards of a number of Israeli companies, including Taldor Computer Systems,
Ltd., Rakah Pharmaceutical Industry, Ltd., Ampa Investments, Ltd., and Retalix, Ltd. 

Joseph
Gayer, Adv. 

Joseph
 Yossi Gayer is one of the founders of the international law firm ZAG-S W. Yossi is a prominent expert in a number of
legal fields, including commercial litigation and contracts law, representing clients both on domestic and international matters. 

Yossi
also represents Israel s leading professional athletes in all fields of sports, including advising sports clubs, organizations,
and sponsors in Israel and abroad. His litigation practice has yielded many legal precedents that have influenced the status of professional
athletes, both in Israel and abroad, with respect to their rights vis-a-vis employers, sports authorities, and various statutory institutes.
Yossi s expertise includes insurance and property law. 

Yossi
lectures at the Radzyner School of Law at the Interdisciplinary Center (IDC) Herzliya. 

Government
Regulation 

We
are subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws directly applicable to our operations. As we continue
to expand the scope of our operations, the application of existing laws and regulations could include matters such as pricing, advertising,
consumer protection, quality of products, and intellectual property ownership. In addition, we will also be subject to new laws and regulations
directly applicable to our activities. 

Any
existing or new legislation applicable to us could expose us to substantial liability, including significant expenses necessary to comply
with such laws and regulations, which could hinder or prevent the growth of our business. 

Federal,
state and local laws and regulations governing legal recreational and medical marijuana use are broad in scope and are subject to evolving
interpretations, which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance. In addition, violations of these laws
or allegations of such violations could disrupt our planned business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, it is possible that additional or revised federal, state and local laws and regulations may be enacted in the future governing
the legal marijuana industry. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with any such laws and regulations and its failure
to do so could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

24 

Our
foreign operations will also be subject to comparable government regulation in Greece, Israel and any other various foreign jurisdictions
in which KAYS intends to operate. 

 Competition 

The
legal marijuana sector is rapidly growing and the Company faces significant competition in the operation of retail outlets, MMDs and
grow facilities. Many of these competitors will have far greater experience, more extensive industry contacts and greater financial resources
than the Company. There can be no assurance that we can adequately compete to succeed in our business plan. 

Employees 

As
of the date as of this Report, our Oregon operations have a total of 12-15 part-time store employees including budtenders, trimmers,
growers, and 4 full-time employees, consisting of the Senior Vice President of Cannabis Operations, the Vice President of Marketing and
Brand development, and 2 store managers. Additionally, we engage several consultants to assist with daily duties and business plan implementation
and execution. Additional employees will be hired and other consultants engaged in the future as our business expands. 

25 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

We
have a limited operating history with our current business . 

The
Company was incorporated in 1993 and has engaged in a number of businesses as both a private and as a publicly held company, including
the online sale of specialty foods, online marketing and website development. 

KAYS s
legal marijuana business, which it has focused on since 2014, only commenced generating more than a limited level of revenues subsequent
to the commencement of legal recreational marijuana sales in Oregon on October 1, 2015. Accordingly, our operations continue to be subject
to all the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in an early-stage business. There can be no assurance
that the Company will generate significant revenues or operate at a profit. 

The
Company will require additional financing to become commercially viable. 

The Company s
current legal marijuana operations can be capital intensive. 

During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we raised approximately 370,000 and 501,000 respectively, through a series of private debt and equity offerings
to finance operations. 

The Company had net
loss of 3,559,663 and net income of 9,724,262 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

All of the net income
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were not actual operating gains but were a result of the derivative liabilities
from the conversion of debt from the stabilization of our stock prices the reduces the volatility factors used in the derivative calculations. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had a total stockholders' deficit of 17,528,289 and a working capital deficiency of 10,359,344. There
can be no assurance that the Company will become commercially viable without additional financing, the availability and terms of which
are uncertain. If the Company cannot secure necessary capital when needed on commercially reasonable terms, its business, condition (financial
and otherwise) and commercial viability may be harmed. Although management believes that it will be able to successfully execute its business
plan, which includes third party financing and the raising of capital to meet the Company s future liquidity needs, there can be
no assurances in this regard. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

We currently
rely on certain key individuals, and the loss of one of these key individuals could have an adverse effect on the Company. 

Our success depends
to a certain degree upon certain key members of our management and certain key consultants to the company. These individuals are a significant
factor in our growth and success. The loss of the services of such members of management could have a material adverse effect on our Company. 

The Company s
success will be dependent in part upon its ability to attract qualified personnel and consultants. 

The Company s
success will be dependent in part upon its ability to attract qualified creative marketing, sales and development professionals. The inability
to do so on favorable terms may harm the Company s proposed business. 

KAYS must effectively
meet the challenges of managing expanding operations. 

The Company s
business plan anticipates that operations will undergo expansion in 2020 and beyond. This expansion will require the Company to manage
a larger and more complex organization, which could place a significant strain on our managerial, operational and financial resources.
Management may not succeed with these efforts. Failure to expand in an efficient manner could cause expenses to be greater than anticipated,
revenues to grow more slowly than expected and could otherwise have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

26 

Marijuana
and Psilocybin remains illegal in the United States under federal law . 

Notwithstanding
its legalization for recreational and/or medical use by a growing number of states, the growing, transport, possession or selling of
marijuana and Psilocybin continues to be illegal under federal law. Although the current administration has made policy decisions to
allow implementation of state laws legalizing recreational and/or medical marijuana and Psilocybin use and not to federally prosecute
anyone operating under state law, the continuance of that policy is not assured and could change at any time, which might render our
marijuana and Psilocybin operations illegal and adversely affecting KAYS s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
marketing and market acceptance of marijuana and Psilocybin may not be as rapid as KAYS expects. 

The
market for legal marijuana and Psilocybin is quickly evolving, and activity in the sector is expanding rapidly. Demand and market acceptance
for legal marijuana and Psilocybin are subject to uncertainty and risk, as changes in the price and possible adverse political efforts
could influence and denigrate demand. KAYS cannot predict whether, or how fast, this market will grow or how long it can be sustained.
If the market for legal marijuana and Psilocybin develops more slowly than expected or becomes saturated with competitors, KAYS s
operating results could be adversely impacted. 

KAYS s
marijuana and Psilocybin activities are part of an emerging industry. 

The
Company intends to implement an aggressive plan of growth to enter the legal recreational and medical marijuana industry, as well as
the emerging Psilocybin industry. These industries are new and emerging, and have yet to fully define competitive, operational, financial
and other parameters for successful operations. By pursuing a growth strategy to enter a new and emerging industry, the Company s
operations may be adversely impacted as the industry s competitive, operational, financial and other parameters take shape. Given
the fluidity of the industry, the Company may make errors in implementing its business plan, thereby limiting some or all of its ability
to perform in accordance with its expectations. 

Our
business could be affected by changes in governmental regulation. 

Federal,
state and local laws and regulations governing legal recreational and medical marijuana and Psilocybin use are broad in scope and are
subject to evolving interpretations, which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance. In addition, violations
of these laws or allegations of such violations could disrupt KAYS s planned business and adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. In addition, it is possible that additional or revised federal, state and local laws and regulations may be
enacted in the future governing the legal marijuana industry. Our foreign operations will also be subject to comparable government regulation
in Greece, Israel and any other various foreign jurisdictions in which KAYS intends to operate. There can be no assurance that KAYS will
be able to comply with any such laws and regulations and its failure to do so could significantly harm our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Our
business will be subject to other operating risks which may adversely affect the Company s financial condition. 

Our
planned operations will be subject to risks normally incidental to manufacturing operations which may result in work stoppages and/or
damage to property. This may be caused by: 

breakdown
 of the equipment; 

labor
 disputes; 

imposition
 of new government regulations; 

sabotage
 by operational personnel; 

cost
 overruns; and 

fire,
 flood, or other acts of God. 

27 

We
will likely face significant competition. 

The
legal marijuana and Psilocybin industry is in its early stages and is attracting significant attention from both small and large entrants
into the industry. KAYS expects to encounter significant competition as it implements its business strategy. The ability of KAYS to effectively
compete could be hindered by a lack of funds, poor positioning, management error, and other factors. The inability to effectively compete
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
internal controls may be inadequate, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated
to the public. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Exchange
Act `Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive
and principal financial office and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the Company 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of management and/or directors of the Company; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

We do not have a sufficient
number of employees to segregate responsibilities and may be unable to afford increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants or
professionals to overcome our lack of employees. During the course of our testing, we may identify other deficiencies that we may not
be able to timely remediate. In addition, if we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as such standards
are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we
have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes
Oxley ). Moreover, effective internal controls, particularly those related to revenue recognition, are necessary for
us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports
or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information,
and the trading price of our common stock, if a market ever develops, could drop significantly. 

The
Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the Jobs Act has reduced the information that the Company is required to
disclose. 

Under
the Jobs Act, the information that the Company will be required to disclose has been reduced in a number of ways. 

As
a company that had gross revenues of less than 1 billion during the Company s last fiscal year, the Company is an emerging
growth company , as defined in the Jobs Act (an EGC ). The Company will retain that status until the
earliest of (a) the last day of the fiscal year which the Company has total annual gross revenues of 1,000,000,000 (as indexed for inflation
in the manner set forth in the Jobs Act) or more; (b) the last day of the fiscal year of following the fifth anniversary of the date
of the first sale of the common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act; (c) the date on which
the Company has, during the previous three year period, issued more than 1,000,000,000 in nonconvertible debt; or (d) the date on which
the Company is deemed to be a large accelerated filer , as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act or any
successor thereto. As an EGC, the Company is relieved from the following: 

28 

The
 Company is excluded from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley, which otherwise would have required the Company s auditors to attest
 to and report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Jobs Act also amended Section 103(a)(3) of Sarbanes-Oxley
 to provide that (i) any new rules that may be adopted by the PCAOB requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or changes to the auditor s
 report to include auditor discussion and analysis (each of which is currently under consideration by the PCAOB) shall not apply to
 an audit of an EGC; and (ii) any other future rules adopted by the PCAOB will not apply to the Company s audits unless the
 SEC determines otherwise. 

The
 Jobs Act amended Section 7(a) of the Securities Act to provide that the Company need not present more than two years of audited financial
 statements in an initial public offering registration statement and in any other registration statement, need not present selected
 financial data pursuant to Item 301 of Regulation S-K for any period prior to the earliest audited period presented in connection
 with such initial public offering. In addition, the Company is not required to comply with any new or revised financial accounting
 standard until such date as a private company (i.e., a company that is not an issuer as defined by Section 2(a)
 of Sarbanes-Oxley) is required to comply with such new or revised accounting standard. Corresponding changes have been made to the
 Exchange Act, which relates to periodic reporting requirements, which would be applicable if the Company were required to comply
 with them. 

As
 long as the Company is an EGC, the Company may comply with Item 402 of Regulation S-K, which requires extensive quantitative and
 qualitative disclosure regarding executive compensation, by disclosing the more limited information required of a smaller
 reporting company . 

In
 the event that the Company registers the common stock under the Exchange Act, the Jobs Act will also exempt the Company from the
 following additional compensation related disclosure provisions that were imposed on U.S. public companies pursuant to the
 Dodd-Frank Act: 

(i) 
 
 the
 advisory vote on executive compensation required by Section 14A(a) of the Exchange Act; 

(ii) 
 
 the
 requirements of Section 14A(b) of the Exchange Act relating to stockholder advisory notes on golden parachute compensation; 

(iii) 
 
 the
 requirements of Section 14(i) of the Exchange Act as to disclosure relating to the relationship between executive compensation and
 our financial performance; and 

(iv) 
 
 the
 requirement of Section 953(b)(1) of the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires disclosure as to the relationship between the compensation
 of the Company s chief executive officer and median employee pay. 
 
 The
costs of being a public company could result in us being unable to continue as a going concern. 

As
a public company, we are required to comply with numerous financial reporting and legal requirements, including those pertaining to audits
and internal control. The costs of this compliance could be significant. If our revenues do not increase and/or we cannot satisfy many
of these costs through the issuance of our shares, we may be unable to satisfy these costs in the normal course of business that would
result in our being unable to continue as a going concern. 

29 

Management,
the Board of Directors and Key Consultants may be indemnified. 

The
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of KAYS provide for indemnification of directors and officers at the expense of the respective
corporation and limit their liability. This may result in a major cost to the corporation and hurt the interests of stockholders because
corporate resources may be expended for the benefit of directors and officers. The Company has been advised that, in the opinion of the
Securities and Exchange Commission, indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public policy as
expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

The
market for the KAYS Shares is extremely limited and sporadic 

KAYS s
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB tier of the over-the-counter market operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. The market KAYS s for
common stock is limited and sporadic. Trading in stock quoted on the OTCQB is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading
prices, due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market
price of KAYS s common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the trading of securities in the OTCQB is
often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation system like NASDAQ, or a stock exchange like the New York Stock
Exchange. 

KAYS s
common stock is a penny stock. Trading of KAYS s common stock may be restricted by the penny stock regulations adopted by the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC and FINRA s sales practice requirements, which may limit a stockholder s
ability to buy and sell our common stock. 

KAYS s
common stock is a penny stock. The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines penny stock to be any equity
security that has a market price (as defined) less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to
certain exceptions. KAYS s common stock is covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements
on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. The term accredited investor 
refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual
income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC
which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must
provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson
in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account.
The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or
in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation.
In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules; the broker-dealer
must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in
the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability
of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in, and limit the marketability
of, KAYS s common stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the SEC, FINRA (the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority) has adopted rules that
require when recommending an investment to a customer, a broker- dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment
is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low -priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers
must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and
other information. Under interpretations of these rules, the FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced
securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA s requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to
recommend that their customers buy KAYS s common stock, which may limit investor ability to buy and sell KAYS s common stock. 

30 

The
market for penny stocks has experienced numerous frauds and abuses that could adversely impact KAYS s common stock. 

 Company
management believes that the market for penny stocks has suffered from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: 

control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to a promoter or issuer; 

manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; 

boiler room practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by salespersons; 

excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and 

wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. 

The
board of directors of KAYS has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial
to common stockholders and with the ability to adversely affect common stockholder voting power and rights upon liquidation. 

KAYS s
Certificate of Incorporation allows us to issue shares of preferred stock without any vote or further action by our stockholders. Our
board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. As a result, our board
of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders of preferred stock the rights to
our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and
the right to the redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our common stock. 

The
ability of our principal stockholders, including our CEO, to control our business may limit or eliminate minority stockholders 
ability to influence corporate affairs. 

The principal non-affiliated
stockholder of KAYS holds 1,533,131 shares of common stock and another unrelated, non-affiliated stockholder holds 20 shares of Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock. Additionally, our CEO owns 2,113,345 shares of common stock and 20 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock. Each Series D Preferred Share votes as 1 of the issued and outstanding common shares on an as converted, fully diluted basis.
There are presently 22,172,835 shares of common stock outstanding, so factoring in the conversion of these Series D Preferred Shares means
that these four parties have approximately 49.86 of votes on matters presented to stockholders. 

Accordingly,
these three individuals are in a position to significantly influence membership of our board of directors as well as all other matters
requiring stockholder approval. The interests of our principal stockholders may differ from the interests of other stockholders with
respect to the issuance of shares, business transactions with or sales to other companies, selection of other officers and directors
and other business decisions. The minority stockholders have no way of overriding decisions made by our principal stockholders. This
level of control may also have an adverse impact on the market value of our shares because our principal stockholders may institute or
undertake transactions, policies or programs that result in losses and/or may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial
community and/or may sell sufficient numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share. 

31 

We
do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

KAYS has not paid
cash dividends on its shares of common stock and does not intend to do so at any time in the foreseeable future. The future payment of
dividends depends upon future earnings, capital requirements, financial requirements and other factors that the companies board
of directors will consider. Since they do not anticipate paying cash dividends on the common stock, return on investment, if any, will
depend solely on an increase, if any, in the market value of the common stock. 

The
conversion of the 40 shares of KAYS outstanding Series D Preferred stock by the CEO and an unrelated third-party shareholder would
result in the issuance of an additional 14,781,890 shares of KAYS common stock, (without taking into effect the conversion
into shares of KAYS common stock of any or all outstanding convertible debt described in this Annual Report at December 31, 2022). Accordingly,
such market overhang could adversely impact the market price of the common stock. 

KAYS has 40 shares
of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding, 20 shares of which are held by our CEO and 20 of which are held by an unrelated third-party
shareholder. These preferred shares can be converted into a total of 14,781,890 shares of KAYS common stock which would result in substantial
dilution if converted. 

Additionally,
as of the date of this filing the Company has convertible debt of approximately 7,000,000 principal amount (without taking into effect
the accrued interest which could also be converted) which can be converted into KAYS stock at 0.08 (with certain ratchet provisions
that would allow stock to be issued at lower prices in event of severe market reductions in the price of KAYS stock), subject to certain
ownership volume limitations and could result in further substantial dilution if all converted. 

Such
market overhang of both the KAYS Series D Preferred Shares and the KAYS Convertible Debt could adversely impact the market price of KAYS s
common stock as a result of the dilution which would result if such securities were converted into shares of KAYS common stock. 

Future
sales of shares of KAYS common stock pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act could adversely affect the market price of KAYS s
common stock. 

KAYS
has a substantial number of shares of common stock which were issued in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act and are now available for public sale pursuant to the Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Such sales could adversely affect
the market price of KAYS s common stock. 

Because
we are not subject to compliance with rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures, our stockholders have limited
protection against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. 

Sarbanes-Oxley
as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC, the NYSE/AMEX and the NASDAQ Stock Market as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley, require
the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance. These measures are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate
management and the securities markets and apply to securities that are listed on those exchanges or the NASDAQ Stock Market. Because
we are not currently required to comply with many of the corporate governance provisions and because we chose to avoid incurring the
substantial additional costs associated with voluntary compliance, we have not yet adopted these measures. 

We
do not currently have independent audit or compensation committees. As a result, directors have the ability, among other things, to determine
their own level of compensation. Until we comply with such corporate governance measures, regardless of whether such compliance is required,
the absence of such standards of corporate governance may leave our stockholders without protections against interested- director transactions,
conflicts of interest, if any, and similar matters and investors may be reluctant to provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations
as a result thereof. 

32 

We
intend to comply with all corporate governance measures relating to director independence as and when required. However, we may find
it very difficult or be unable to attract and retain qualified officers, directors and members of board committees required to provide
for our effective management as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley. The enactment of Sarbanes-Oxley has resulted in a series of rules and regulations
by the SEC that increase responsibilities and liabilities of directors and executive officers. The perceived increased personal risk
associated with these recent changes may make it more costly or deter qualified individuals from accepting these roles. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Operating
Leases 

The
Company has in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and 4 store leases in Oregon under arrangements classified as leases under ASC 842: 

Effective
June 1, 2019, the Company leased its current office space in Fort Lauderdale, Florida under a 2-year operating lease that expired May
31, 2021. In May 2021 the lease was extended for an additional year and in May 2022 it was also extended for an additional year and now
expires May 31, 2023. The total rental payment is currently 2,079.41 per month. The total amount of rental payments due over the lease
term is being charged to rent expense according to the straight-line method over the term of the lease. 

Effective
May 15, 2014, the Company leased a unit in Portland, Oregon under a 5-year operating lease expiring May 15, 2019. In May 2019, the lease
had been extended to May 15, 2024. The lease provides for increases in future minimum annual rental payments based on defined annual
increase beginning with monthly payments of 2,250 which have increased to a monthly payment of 2,950. The total amount of rental payments
due over the lease term is being charged to rent expense according to the straight-line method over the term of the lease. 

Effective
June 1, 2015, the Company leased a unit in Salem, Oregon under a 5-year operating lease expiring May 31, 2020. The lease has been extended
and now expires May 31, 2025. The lease provides for increases in future minimum annual rental payments based on defined annual increase
beginning with monthly payments of 3,584 which have increased to a net monthly payment of 5,061. The total amount of rental payments
due over the lease term is being charged to rent expense according to the straight-line method over the term of the lease. The Company
is currently in process of negotiating a termination agreement with the landlord for this space as this store has been closed. 

Effective
April 15, 2016, the Company leased a unit in Salem, Oregon under a 5-year operating lease expiring April 15, 2021. The lease provides
for increases in future minimum annual rental payments based on defined annual increase beginning with monthly payments of 4,367 and
culminating in a monthly payment of 4,915. The total amount of rental payments due over the lease term is being charged to rent expense
according to the straight-line method over the term of the lease. The Company is currently in process of negotiating a termination agreement
with the landlord for this space as this store has been closed. 

Effective April 15,
2016, the Company leased a unit in Salem, Oregon under a 5-year operating lease expiring April 15, 2021. The lease provides for increases
in future minimum annual rental payments based on defined annual increase beginning with monthly payments of 4,617 and culminating in
a monthly payment of 5,196. The total amount of rental payments due over the lease term is being charged to rent expense according to
the straight-line method over the term of the lease. The Company is currently in process of negotiating a termination agreement with the
landlord for this landlord as this store has been closed. 

The
Company has right-of-use assets of 182,604_and operating lease liabilities of 193,182 as of December
31, 2022. As noted above, the one (1) lease that the Company entered into on June 1, 2015 and the two (2) leases that the Company entered
into effective April 15, 2016 are in the process of being terminated with 75,000.00 in currently escrowed funds from the sale of one
of the Company s stores to be transferred to the landlord in exchange for a satisfaction of the three leases prior to the end of
April, subject to final closing of the store sale. Accordingly, there is an impairment of the right-of-use assets in the amount of 0. 

33 

Real
Property 

In August of 2017, the Company purchased
a 26-acre parcel in Lebanon, Linn County, Oregon for 510,000 on which we intended to construct a Greenhouse Grow and Production Facility
(the Property and filed for OLCC licensure. In August of 2022, the Company entered into an agreement (the CVC
Agreement with CVC International, Inc. CVC ), an institutional investor who holds certain of the Company s
Convertible Promissory Notes (the Notes ), one of which was secured by a 500,000 mortgage on the Property. CVC released
its lien on the Property to enable the Company to sell the Property and utilize the proceeds therefrom for the benefit of the Company
and its shareholders, without having to repay CVC the 500,000 Note held by CVC. Additionally, CVC agreed to advance certain sums against
the sale of the Property Advances ), which amounted to 270,000 pending the sale of the Property. On February 28,
2023 we sold the Property for a price of 769,500, less commissions and customary closing costs. The net proceeds of the sale were used
to repay the advances plus interest (including an additional 100,000 borrowed from another lender s interest) and the Company
realized net proceeds of approximately 302,000,000. The land is reflected on the balance
sheet as assets held for sale for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, at a value of 516,076. 

In 2018, we acquired the Eugene, Oregon
based Sunstone Farms grow and manufacturing facility. Pursuant to the settlement with Burwick and Sunstone Marketing described below in
Item 3. Legal Proceedings, On October 12, 2021, KAYS completed the sale of its Eugene, Oregon Cannabis Production and Processing Facility
for gross proceeds of 1,325,000. Funds received from the sale were used to repay certain debt and strengthen our balance sheet and for
general working capital purposes, as well as provide the initial stage capital for some of the Company s U.S. and global expansion
activities, including its planned cultivation sites in Greece and Israel. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time-to-time
KAYS be party to various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. Please see paragraphs below for results of legal proceedings
during 2020 and 2021as well as a pending licensing matter with the OLCC. 

Oregon
Licensing Matters 

In
November of 2022 the Company entered into an agreement with the OLCC to resolve an Administrative Action filed by the OLCC (as previously
disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2021 filed on April 18, 2022 and in the
Company s Quarterly report for the period ending March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

Per
the terms of the agreement the Company agreed to either enter into a purchase and sale agreement for its retail license in South Salem
by February 1, 2023 (the renewal date) or surrender the license. Since the time of the agreement the Company has entered into an asset
purchase agreement for the sale of its Salem Retail Cannabis Store Store 2 for 210,000.00, less a 6 closing commission
and minor closing expenses. The purchase price has been deposited in escrow, with a closing anticipated to occur prior to the end of April,
2023. The net book value of the assets as of December 31, 2022 was 0 and
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 410,880.00. 

Lawsuit from
Law Offices of Ross Day 

On September
9, 2022 the Company received notice from its Oregon Counsel that Day Law Associates, P.C. (Attorney Ross Day is a former attorney
for the Company) had filed suit in Washington County, Oregon seeking damages in the amount of 16,169.24 for unpaid legal fees, plus any
costs, disbursements and attorney fees awarded. On March 30, 2023 the Company was advised from its current Oregon Counsel that the Court
has appointed an arbitrator, and the Company intends to either seek settlement or otherwise litigate the matter based on the results of
the arbitration. 

34 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Market
for Common Stock 

Our common stock is
currently traded on the OTCQB tier of the over-the-counter market operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol KAYS . 
Such market is extremely limited. We can provide no assurance that our shares will continue to be traded on the OTCQB or another exchange,
or if traded, that the current public market will be sustainable. 

 Holders
of Our Common Stock 

As of the date
of this Annual Report, we had 646 holders of record of our common stock. One of these holders is CEDE and Company which is the mechanism
used for brokerage firms to hold securities in book entry form on behalf of their clients. As of the date of this Annual Report, CEDE
held 8,860,806 shares of common stock for these stockholders. When the Company last received a report from CEDE it showed a log of 7,669
stockholders that consented to release their name to the Company for purposes of stockholder communications. Accordingly, we believe that
KAYS has approximately 8,000 beneficial stockholders as of such date. 

 Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Plan
 category 
 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Weighted-average exercise
 price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future insurance under equity compensations plans 
 (excluding
 securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 
 
 0
 shares (1) 
 
 n/a 
 
 0
 shares 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 
 0
 shares 
 
 n/a 
 
 0
 shares 

(1) 

35 

Recent
Sales of Registered and Unregistered Securities (includes common stock, preferred stock and debt issuances/cancellations) 

Convertible
Debt Issuances 

On
August 8, 2022 the Company received 150,000 from the issuance of convertible debt. Interest is stated at 10 . The Note and Interest
is convertible into common shares at 0.08 per share, subject to certain ratchet provisions . The Note was Due upon the earlier of the
sale of the Company s Oregon Farm Property or March 1, 2023. On February 28, 2023 the sale of the Company s Oregon Farm Property
closed and the Note was repaid in full plus 6 months minimum interest per the terms of the Note. 

On
November 8, 2022 the Company received 120,000 from the issuance of convertible debt. Interest is stated at 10 . The Note and Interest
is convertible into common shares at 0.08 per share, subject to certain ratchet provisions . The Note was Due upon the earlier of the
sale of the Company s Oregon Farm Property or March 1, 2023. On February 28, 2023 the sale of the Company s Oregon Farm Property
closed and the Note was repaid in full plus 6 months minimum interest per the terms of the Note. 

On
December 12, 2022 the Company received 100,000 from the issuance of convertible debt. Interest is stated at 10 . The Note and Interest
is convertible into common shares at 0.08 per share, subject to certain ratchet provisions . The Note was Due upon the earlier of the
sale of the Company s Oregon Farm Property or March 1, 2023. On February 28, 2023 the sale of the Company s Oregon Farm Property
closed and the Note was repaid in full plus 6 months minimum interest per the terms of the Note. 

Common
Stock Issuances- 

On
December 15, 2022 the Board of Directors approved the issuance of 7,450,000 shares
of restricted common stock to various individuals for services rendered to the Company (2,100,000 of these shares of restricted stock
were issued to officers and directors of the Company for annual compensation). 

All of the
above securities were issued in private transactions pursuant to the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Item
6. [Reserved]. 

Not
applicable. 

36 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

We had revenues of
 685,379 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to revenues of 889,899 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cost of Sales 

We had a cost of sales
of 225,107 on revenues of 685,379 for the year ended December 31, 2022 versus a cost of sales of 279,333 on revenues of 889,899 for
the year ended December 31, 2021 

 Operating Expenses 

General and
administrative were 525,855 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 780,462 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
Salaries and wages were 383,762 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 370,034 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
decrease in general and administrative expense categories from 2021 to 2022 reflects our shift of focus to overseas development of operations
and impairment expense related to our Greek operations of 74,509. Salaries and wages remained fairly consistent and vary depending
on personnel changes. 

Professional
fees were 1,262,095 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 889,912 for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting an
increase of 372,183. After giving effect to all of the foregoing, total operating expenses were 2,171,712 for the year ended
December 31,2022, as compared to 2,040,408 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Accordingly, our operating loss was 1,711,440
for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 1,429,842 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Interest expense 

Interest expense was
 629,386 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 635,810 for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting an increase of
additional debt incurred in 2022. 

Net Income (Loss) 

 After giving effect
to an operating loss of 1,711,440 interest expense of 629,386, amortization of debt discount of 303,398, derivative liabilities
expense of 0, gain on disposal/impairment of fixed assets of 17,177, change in derivative liabilities expense of 1,010,737 arising
from the decrease of our stock prices which increased the volatility factors used in the derivative calculations, we had net loss from
non-controlling interest of 155,080 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company has accrued a tax liability
of 876,017 related to potential taxes due under the IRS Code 280E. 

This compares to a
net loss from non-controlling interest of 331,009 for the year ended December 31, 2021, after giving effect to an operating loss of 1,429,842,
interest expense of 635,810, amortization of debt discount of 333,296, derivative liabilities expense of 333,296 and gain on extinguishment
of debt of 6,155 offset by other income from a change in derivative liabilities income of 12,947,095 arising from the increase of our
stock prices which reduced the volatility factors used in the derivative calculations. The net income attributable to the Company for
2022 and net loss attributable to the Company for 2021 was 3,559,663 and net income of 9,724,262, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

During 2022 our cash
position decreased by 541,669 to 18,330 and our negative working capital deficit was 10,359,344. 

As of December 31,
2022, our working capital consisted of cash of 18,330, inventories of 11,990 and prepaid expenses of 28,158 as compared to cash of
 565,979, inventories of 51,484 and prepaid expenses of 13,967 as of December 31, 2021. 

Our current liabilities
include accounts payable and accrued expenses of 961,396, accounts payable and accrued expenses-related parties of 23,190, accrued interest
of 1,759,669, current portion of lease liability of 93,067, tax liability of 876,017, convertible notes payable- net of discount of
 240,293, notes payable of 9,312 and derivative liabilities of 6,204,878 as compared to current liabilities include accounts payable
and accrued expenses of 918,148, accounts payable and accrued expenses-related parties of 141,990 accrued interest of 1,152,783 current
portion of lease liability of 79,875, tax liability of 782,107 convertible notes payable- net of discount of 25,000, notes payable
of 9,312 and derivative liabilities of 4,980,563 as of December 31, 2021. 

37 

The following
table sets forth the major sources and uses of cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) operating activities 
 (918,799 
 (1,043,482 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 17,177 
 1,274,018 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 370,000 
 296,000 
 
 Net increase in cash 
 531,622 
 526,536 

Cash Used in Operating Activities 

During 2022, we had cash of 928,846 used in operating activities,
as compared to cash used in operations of 1,043,482 in 2021. 

Cash Provided by
(Used in) Investing Activities 

During 2022, we had
cash of 17,177 provided by investing activities, as compared to 1,274,018 used in investing activities in 2021. Expenditures in 2022
and 2021 consisted of property and equipment. 

Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

During 2022, 370,000
of convertible debt was issued, as compared to 466,000 of convertible debt issued, with repayment of 205,000 and we sold 35,000 of
restricted stock in 2021. 

Additional Capital 

As of December 31,
2022 we had cash of 18,330 and a working capital deficiency of 10,359,344 as compared to cash of 565,979 and a working capital deficiency
of 7,458,348 at December 31, 2021. 

Management believes
that it will require additional capital, in addition to anticipated revenues from operations to fund expansion of the Company s
operations and ultimately achieve profitability. The Company intends to seek such additional capital from further private offerings of
equity and/or debt securities. However, we may not be successful in raising additional capital on commercially reasonable terms, if and
when needed, in which case our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

38 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
following are deemed to be the most significant accounting estimates affecting us and our results of operations: 

Revenue
Recognition 

Effective
January 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue
from the commercial sales of products, licensing agreements and contracts to perform pilot studies by applying the following steps: (1)
identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price;
(4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation
is satisfied. For the comparative periods, revenue has not been adjusted and continues to be reported under ASC 605 Revenue Recognition.
Under ASC 605, revenue is recognized when the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) the performance
of service has been rendered to a customer or delivery has occurred; (3) the amount of fee to be paid by a customer is fixed and determinable;
and (4) the collectability of the fee is reasonably assured. 

To
confirm, all of our OLCC licensed cannabis retail sales operations are conducted and operated on a cash and carry basis-
product(s) from our inventory accounts are sold to the customer(s) and the customer settles the account at time of receipt of product
via cash payment at our retail store; the transaction is recorded at the time of sale in our point of sale software system. Revenue is
only reported after product has been delivered to the customer and the customer has paid for the product with cash. 

To
date the only other revenue we have received is for ATM transactions and revenue from this activity is only reported after we receive
payment via check from the ATM service provider company. 

Fair
value of financial instruments 

The
Company follows the provisions of ASC 820. This Topic defines fair value, establishes a measurement framework and expands disclosures
about fair value measurements. We apply these provisions to estimate the fair value of our financial instruments including cash, accounts
payable and accrued expenses, and notes payable. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes, as clarified by ASC 740-10, Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes. Our deferred income taxes are determined based on the estimated future tax effects of differences between
the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities given the provisions of enacted tax laws. Deferred income tax provisions
and benefits are based on changes to the assets or liabilities from year to year. In providing for deferred taxes, the Company considers
tax regulations of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates, estimates of future taxable income, and available tax planning strategies.
If tax regulations, operating results or the ability to implement tax-planning strategies vary, adjustments to the carrying value of
deferred tax assets and liabilities may be required. Valuation allowances are recorded related to deferred tax assets based on the more
likely than not criteria of ASC 740. 

ASC
740-10 requires that the Company recognize the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant
tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not 
threshold, the amount recognized in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of
being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. 

Section
280E of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, prohibits businesses from deducting certain expenses associated with trafficking controlled
substances (within the meaning of Schedule I and II of the Controlled Substances Act). The IRS has invoked Section 280E in tax audits
against various cannabis businesses in the U.S. that are permitted under applicable state laws. Although the IRS issued a clarification
allowing the deduction of certain expenses, the scope of such items is interpreted very narrowly and the bulk of operating costs and
general administrative costs are not permitted to be deducted. While there are currently several pending cases before various administrative
and federal courts challenging these restrictions, there is no guarantee that these courts will issue an interpretation of Section 280E
favorable to cannabis businesses. 

39 

Provision
for Income Taxes 

We
recorded a provision for income taxes in the amount of 876,017 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 782,107 during the
year ended December 31, 2021. Although we have net operating losses that we believe are available to us to offset this entire tax liability,
which arises under Section 280E of the Code because we are a cannabis company, as a conservative measure, we have accrued this liability. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB or other standard setting bodies that are adopted by the Company as
of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the effect of recently issued standards that are
not yet effective will not have a material effect on its consolidated financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (ASU 2016-02). Under ASU No. 2016-2, an entity is required to recognize
right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on its balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. ASU No. 2016-02
offers specific accounting guidance for a lessee, a lessor and sale and leaseback transactions. Lessees and lessors are required to disclose
qualitative and quantitative information about leasing arrangements to enable a user of the financial statements to assess the amount,
timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. For public companies, the Company adopted this standard on January 1, 2019
using the modified retrospective method. The new standard provides a number of optional practical expedients in transition. The Company
elected the package of practical expedients , which permitted the Company not to reassess under the new standard its prior conclusions
about lease identification, lease classification and initial direct costs; and all of the new standard s available transition practical
expedients. On adoption, the Company recognized a right of use asset of 638,593, operating lease liabilities of 638,593, based on the
present value of the remaining minimum rental payments under current leasing standards for its existing operating lease. The new standard
also provides practical expedients for a company s ongoing accounting. The Company elected the short-term lease recognition exemption
for its leases. For those leases with a lease term of 12 months or less, the Company will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities. 

In
July 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-11, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480); Derivatives
and Hedging (Topic 815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features, (Part II) Replacement of the
Indefinite Deferral for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable
Noncontrolling Interests with a Scope Exception to simply the accounting for certain instruments with down round features. The
amendments require companies to disregard the down round feature when assessing whether the instrument is indexed to its own stock, for
purposes of determining liability or equity classification. Further, companies that provide earnings per share EPS data
will adjust the basic EPS calculation for the effect of the feature when triggered and will also recognize the effect of the trigger
within equity. The standard is effective for public companies for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this new standard on January 1, 2019 and did not have a material
impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820). This standard modifies disclosure requirements
related to fair value measurement and is effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those There are no other
recently issued accounting pronouncements that the Company has yet to adopt that are expected to have a material effect on its financial
position, results of operations, or cash flows. fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. Implementation
on a prospective or retrospective basis varies by specific disclosure requirement. The standard also allows for early adoption of any
removed or modified disclosures upon issuance while delaying adoption of the additional disclosures until their effective date. The Company
is currently assessing the impact of adopting this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

40 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (Topic 740) . This standard
simplifies the accounting for income taxes. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for all entities, The Company is currently assessing the impact
of adopting this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

There
are no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
is material to investors. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

See
the Index of Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 below. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Disclosure controls and procedures 

Under the direction
of our Chairman and President, who is our principal, executive, financial and accounting officer, we evaluated our disclosure controls
and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Our Chairman and President, who is our principal, executive, financial and accounting officer,
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures 

Under
the direction of our Chairman and President, who is our principal, executive, financial and accounting officer, we evaluated our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2021. Our Chairman and President, who is our principal, executive, financial and accounting
officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports
that we file under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chairman and President, who
is our principal, executive, financial and accounting officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter
how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a
reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship
of possible controls and procedures. 

As
required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our Chairman and President, who is our principal, executive, financial and accounting officer, of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of our fourth fiscal quarter covered by this report. Based on the foregoing,
our Chairman and President concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. It should be noted that the design
of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

41 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting
is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our
Chairman and President, who is our principal, executive, financial and accounting officer and effected by the Company s board of
directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies
and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the Company; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

The
Company s Chairman and President, who is our principal, executive, financial and accounting officer, assessed the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company s
Chairman and President, who is our principal, executive, financial and accounting officer, used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). The COSO
framework is based upon five integrated components of control: control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information
and communications and ongoing monitoring. 

Based
on the assessment performed, the Company s Chairman and President, who is our principal, executive, financial and accounting officer,
has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as of December 31, 2022, is not effective to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of its financial reporting and the preparation of its financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. Further, the Company s Chairman and President, who is our principal, executive,
financial and accounting officer, has identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022. 

Based
on an evaluation, the Company s Chairman and President, who is our principal, executive, financial and accounting officer, has
concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act were not effective as of December 31, 2022 (the Evaluation Date ), to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s
Chairman and President, who is our principal, executive, financial and accounting officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Each of the following is deemed a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting: 

42 

We
 do not have an audit committee. While we are not currently obligated to have an audit committee, including a member who
 is an audit committee financial expert, as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K, under applicable regulations or listing
 standards; however, it is management s view that such a committee is an important internal control over financial reporting,
 the lack of which may result in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of internal controls and procedures. 

We
 did not maintain proper segregation of duties for the preparation of our financial statements. We currently have only
 one officer overseeing all transactions. This has resulted in several deficiencies, including the lack of control over
 preparation of financial statements and proper application of accounting policies 

Lack of controls over related party transactions: As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not establish a formal written policy for the approval,
 identification and authorization of related party transactions. 

The
Company s Chairman and President, who is our principal, executive, financial and accounting officer, believes that the material
weaknesses set forth in the two items above did not have an effect on our financial results. However, the Company s Chairman and
President, who is our principal, executive, financial and accounting officer, believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee
results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and financial procedures, which could
result in a material misstatement in our consolidated financial statements in future periods. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal controls or in other factors that could affect these controls during the fourth quarter of the year ended
December 31, 2022 that have materially or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None 

43 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
directors and executive officers and their respective ages and titles are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position(s)
 and Office(s) Held 
 
 Craig
 Frank 
 62 
 Chairman
 of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer, Director 
 
 Carrie
 Schwarz 
 62 
 Director 
 
 Mitchell
 Chupak 
 68 
 Director 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our directors and executive officers. 

Craig
Frank became Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company in January 2010. He assumed
the appointed position of acting Chief Financial Officer in 2012. For the past 15 years, Mr. Frank has served as Chairman and CEO of
Tudog International Consulting, a Florida-based company with business advisory, business development, market research, training, and
merchant banking divisions. During his tenure at Tudog, Mr. Frank has worked with more than 200 companies from 19 countries. In addition,
in such capacity, he developed the business plan for a biofuels company based in Central America, and is the co-founder of the Company s
predecessor, which we acquired in January 2010. He remains Tudog s Chairman. Mr. Frank is a widely published author with articles
on business matters featured in magazines and newsletters internationally, including publications of the Guatemala America Chamber of
Commerce, the Israel Export Institute, the Romania Chamber of Commerce, and the World Association of Small and Medium Sized Enterprises.
He is also an in-demand speaker at international conferences, including the Florida Sterling Council, the International Project Management
Association, The Central American Center for Entrepreneurship, the Israel Center for Entrepreneurial Studies, and the Pino Center for
Entrepreneurship at Florida International University. The Company believes that Mr. Frank s consulting and entrepreneurial experience
brings significant value to our management team. 

Carrie
Schwarz, who became a director in January 2010, has served as the Managing Partner of Athena Assets Management, a New York based
hedge fund specializing in investments of special situation publicly traded securities since 2002. Ms. Schwarz has also been a Portfolio
Manager at Metropolitan Capital, a New York based hedge fund. From 1999 to 2001 Ms. Schwarz was an executive at Bank of America Securities,
where she built and managed a proprietary Risk Arbitrage Department. From 1991 to 1999 she founded and managed Athena Investment Partners,
L.P., a hedge fund that focused on special situations. Prior thereto, she was with American Porters, L.P., a hedge fund that focused
on risk arbitrage, which she joined as a junior analyst in 1995 and ultimately rose to become Head of Research and a partner. Ms. Schwarz
serves on the board of directors of the American Friends of the Weizmann Institute of Science. We believe that her financial industry
experience makes her a valuable member of the board of directors. 

Mitchell
Chupak became a director in December, 2020 to fill a vacancy created by the resignation of Jordi Arimany. Mitchell Chupak has resided
in Israel since 1972, where since 1997, he has been the Director of Development for the Jaffa Institute, the largest not for profit social
service agency serving southern portions of Tel-Aviv-Jaffa, Israel and its suburbs. During his over 25 years at the Jaffa Institute,
Mr. Chupak has grown the organization extensively and is responsible for development of major social services, educational and community
projects for which he secured millions of dollars in funding. He developed funding sources worldwide and enlisted the aid of major donors
in the United States, Canada, Europe, Australia, and South America. 

44 

In
2005, Mr. Chupak created the Israel Fundraisers Forum to assist other non-profit organizations better understand methods of fundraising.
The forum, with which he has been associated since its founding, promotes professionalism in fundraising and development and assists
both organizations and individual fundraisers to improve methods of the profession. 

 We
believe that Mr. Chupak s spectrum of experience in both management and funding, will add value our board of directors. 

Terms
of Office 

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders and until a successor is
appointed and qualified, or until their removal, resignation, or death. Executive officers serve at the pleasure of the board of directors. 

Board
Committees 

Two
of our three directors are independent within the scope of the rules adopted by the NASDAQ Stock Market and the SEC: Ms.
Schwarz and Mr. Chupak. However, our board of directors does not currently have an audit committee, a compensation committee, or a corporate
governance committee. We plan to establish such committees in the near future. 

Board
of Directors Role in Risk Oversight 

Members
of the board of directors have periodic meetings with management and the Company s independent auditors to perform risk oversight
with respect to the Company s internal control processes. Our board is currently comprised of a majority of independent directors.
The Company believes that the board s role in risk oversight does not materially affect the leadership structure of the Company. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Ethics Code on February 28, 2013 that includes provisions ranging from
conflicts of interest to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. All officers, directors and employees are bound by the
Ethics Code, violations of which may be reported to any independent member of the board of directors. 

45 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded
to, earned by, or paid to our Chief Executive Officer and acting Chief Financial Officer, who is our sole executive officer, for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name
 and principal position 
 
 Year 

Salary
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 (#) 

Option 
 Awards 
 (#) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive
 Plan 
 Compensation( 

Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation
 Earnings ) 

All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total
 ) 

Craig 
 Frank 
 CEO/Acting 
 CFO 

2022 

300,000 

1,500,000
 (3) 

0 

0 

0 

0 

300,000 
 (1) 

2021 

300,000 

0 
 (3) 

0 

0 

0 

0 

300,000
 (2) 

(1) 
 
 Mr.
 Frank s compensation for 2022 was a total of 218,802 paid in cash and 81,198 in accruals. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Frank s compensation for 2020 was a total of 186,000 paid in cash and 114,000 in accruals. 

(3) 
 
 Represents
 restricted shares of our common stock valued at 0.10 per share. 

Mr.
Frank's compensation was paid to Tudog International Consulting, Inc., of which Mr. Frank is the Chairman and a principal. 

Employment
and Consulting Agreements 

The
Company is currently not a party to any employment agreement with its executive officers. The Company has consulting agreements with
Tudog International Consulting, of which firm Mr. Frank is Chairman and a Principal, for the services of Mr. Frank as CEO and acting
CFO, and with BMN Consultants, Inc of which non-officer or affiliate William David Jones is President 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None. 

Compensation
of Directors 

Our non-employee directors are compensated with
issuance of restricted common stock in amounts determined annually by the board of directors. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
Carrie Schwarz and Mitchell Chupak, our two non-employee directors, were each issued 300,000 restricted shares of KAYS stock. 

46 

2022
Equity Incentive Stock Plan 

In
2022 we adopted a new equity incentive plan (the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan) as our prior plan expired in 2021 

Our
2022 Incentive Stock Plan, as amended (the Plan provides for equity incentives to be granted to our employees, executive
officers or directors or to key advisers or consultants. Equity incentives may be in the form of stock options with an exercise price
not less than the fair market value of the underlying shares as determined pursuant to the Plan, restricted stock awards, other stock-
based awards, or any combination of the foregoing. The Plan is administered by the board of directors. 

As
of December 31, 2022 awards covering 4,550,000 shares have been issued under the Plan and 450,000 shares of common stock were available
for issuance under the Plan. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each director and executive officer, by all directors and
executive officers as a group and by each other person known by us to beneficially own 5 or more of our common stock as of the date
of this Annual Report. The address of each such person is c/o the Company 915 Middle River Drive, Suite 316, Fort Lauderdale, FL, 33304. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner and Directors
 and Executive officers: 
 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock 
 
 Number of Shares of Preferred Stock 
 
 Percentage of shares (4) 

Craig Frank (1)(2) 

2,113,345 

20 

25.71 

Carrie Schwarz 

360,002 

0 

Mitchel Chupak 

350,601 

0 

All directors and 

executive officers, 

as a group (three 

persons) (1)(2) 

2,823,948 

20 

27.64 

Other 5 or greater 

stockholders: 

Ilan Sarid 

1,533,131 

4.14 

RLH Financial Partners, Inc (3) 

20 

20 

Less than 1 

1. 
 includes
 shares beneficially owned by Tudog International Consulting and Drora Frank. 

2. 
 Includes
 7,390,945 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 20 shares of our Series D Convertible Preferred Stock held by Mr. Frank,
 which shares vote on an as converted basis. 

3. 
 Includes
 4,907,611 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of 20 shares of our Series D Convertible Preferred Stock held by RLH
 Financial Partners, Inc. which shares vote on an as converted basis. 

4. 
 All
 values for Percentage of Shares owned were calculated by adding 14,781,890 (the number of shares
 of common stock currently issuable on the conversion of the outstanding 20 Series D Convertible shares) to
 22,172,835 (the number of currently issued and outstanding shares of common stock). 
 The
 persons named above have full voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated. Under the rules of the SEC, a person
 (or group of persons) is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if he or she, directly or indirectly, has or
 shares the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such
 security. Accordingly, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same security. A person is also deemed
 to be a beneficial owner of any security, which that person has the right to acquire within 60 days, such as options or warrants
 to purchase our common stock. 

47 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Plan
 category 
 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Weighted-average exercise
 price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future insurance under equity compensations plans 
 (excluding
 securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 
 
 0
 shares (1) 
 
 n/a 
 
 450,000
 shares 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 
 0
 shares 
 
 n/a 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Related
Party Transactions 

Settlement
with Sunstone, Burwick Regarding Non-Transferability of Sunstone Grow License 

In the fourth
quarter of 2018, KAYS concluded the purchase of the Eugene, Oregon based Sunstone Farms grow and manufacturing facility, which is licensed
by the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (the OLCC for both the production (growing) of medical and recreational marijuana
flower and the processing of cannabis concentrates/extracts/edibles. KAYS entered into a management agreement with the holder of existing
OLCC licenses Sunstone to oversee operations at the facility pending transfer of the license to KAYS, which were aware
would be an extended and cumbersome process. 

In mid-April
2019, we were advised by Sunstone that it had been notified that the OLCC was proposing that Sunstone s licenses be cancelled, claiming
that that Sunstone had not filed paperwork correctly with respect to the transaction or its historical ownership. At the OLCC s
Administrative Hearing Session held on October 15, 2020, the OLCC approved a settlement between the OLCC and Sunstone that required their
license to either be sold to a third party (other than KAYS) or surrendered. 

As the settlement between the OLCC and Sunstone,
in July 2021, KAYS concluded a settlement with Sunstone Capital Partners, LLC, Sunstone Marketing Partners LLC and Bruce Burwick, the
principal of Sunstone and a director of KAYS, regarding the failure to deliver to KAYS the Oregon Cannabis Production and Processing Licenses
that were part of a warehouse purchase transaction in August 2018. 

48 

Pursuant to the terms of the settlement,
Bruce Burwick surrendered to KAYS 1,006,671 shares of our common stock issued to him in connection with the transaction (800,003 shares
which were issued for the facility purchase, 166,667 shares which were issued for 250,000 in cash and 40,001 shares which were issued
as annual compensation for Burwick serving as a director of KAYS). The shares have been cancelled. In addition, the Company received clear
title to the warehouse facility. As part of the settlement, Burwick received 160,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the facility s
grow license to an unrelated third party, resigned from the Company s board of directors and agreed to work as a non-exclusive consultant
to the Company for the next four years for a yearly fee of 35,000. 

 In
October 2021, KAYS sold the Eugene, Oregon cannabis facility for gross proceeds of 1,325,000. The funds received from the sale have
been used to repay certain debt and strengthen its balance sheet, as well as general operating expenses including providing the initial
stage capital for some of the Company s U.S. and global expansion activities. 

Exchange
Agreement for Cancellation of Series C Preferred Shares and Issuance of Series D Preferred Shares 

On December 27, 2021 the Company entered into an Exchange
Agreement with Craig Frank and BMN Consultants, Inc. for 50,000 Series C Preferred Shares of Kaya Holdings held by Mr. Frank and 50,000
Series C Preferred Shares of Kaya Holdings optioned by BMN from Mr. Frank and Ilan Sarid (pursuant to stock options that they each extended
to BMN in 2010), 100,000 total shares. 

Pursuant to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, the Holders each agreed to (a) waive payment of approximately 338,000 of Accrued Compensation; (b) defer payment of the remaining
balance of Accrued Compensation owed to each of them of approximately 250,000 until January 1, 2025 ; and (c) exchange the 50,000 Series
C Shares at total of 100,000) for twenty (20) Series D Convertible Preferred Shares of Kaya Holdings Stock. Each Share of 40 Series
D Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, into one percent (1 of the
Company s Fully Diluted Capitalization as of the Conversion Date. This resulted in a related party gain, which was applied to APIC. 

Mr. Frank s Series D shares were issued
to Mr. Frank and the Series D shares issued for the option held by BMN were issued to RLH Financial Services pursuant to a private sale
between BMN and RLH whereby RLH acquired the shares in exchange for a promissory note in the amount of 1,000,000. 

Review,
Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions 

Given
our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification
of transactions with our executive officers, directors and significant stockholders. However, all such matters are approved by our independent
directors as well as the board of directors as a whole prior to implementation. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Audit
Fees 

The
following is a summary of the fees billed to us for professional services (a) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by M K
CPAS, PLLC our independent public registered accounting firm . 

49 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 

38,000 

35,500 

Audit-related fees 

-0- 

-0- 

Tax fees 

-0- 

-0- 

All other fees 

-0- 

-0- 

38,000 

35,500 

Audit
fees consist of billings for the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Reports on Form
10-K and reviews of the consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

The Company does not
have an Audit Committee. It is the Company s policy to have its Chief Executive Officer preapprove all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by the independent public accountants, subject to approval by the board of directors. 

These
services may include audit, audit-related, tax and other services. Pre-approval is generally for up to one year, is detailed as to the
particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. Unless there are significant variations from
the pre-approved services and fees, the independent public accountants and management generally are not required to formally report to
the Board of Directors regarding actual services and related fees. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

a) 
 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

(1) 
 
 Financial
 Statements The following Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company are contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report: 

Reports
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

50 

(2) 
 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules were omitted, as they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is included in the
 Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(3) 
 
 Exhibits
 The following exhibits are filed with this report or are incorporated herein by reference to a prior filing, in accordance
 with Rule 12b32 under the Exchange Act: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 

3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation, as amended (1)(2) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws,
 as amended(1) 

10.1 
 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement dated February 3, 2010 by and among Netspace International, Inc. and the stockholders of Alternative Fuels Americas,
 Inc.(1) 

10.2 
 
 2011
 Incentive Stock Plan, as amended (1) + 

10.6 
 
 Form
 of 8 Convertible Promissory Note (1) 

10.5 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement between Registrant and Tudog International Consulting, Inc . (1) + 

10.6 
 
 Office
 Lease for premises located at 305 South Andrews Avenue, Suite 209, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 (3) 

10.9 
 
 Letter
 Agreement effective December 1, 2011 between Registrant and Ilan Sarid(1) 

10.10 
 
 Amendment
 to Consulting Agreement between Registrant and Tudog International Consulting, Inc. (1) + 

10.11 
 
 Amendment
 to Consulting Agreement between Registration and The Tudog Group (3) + 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of Registrant (4) 

23.1 
 
 Consent
 of M K CPAS LLC (5) 

31.1 
 
 Section
 302 Certification (5) 

32.1 
 
 Section
 906 Certification (5) 

(1) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-177532) and incorporated herein
 by reference. 

(2) 
 
 Amendments
 to the Certificate of Incorporation are filed as Exhibits to the Company s Current Reports on Form 8-K dated April 23, 2015
 and March 22, 2017 and are incorporated herein by reference. 

(3) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(4) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Company s annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and Incorporated herein by reference. 

(5) 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 

+
Management compensation arrangement. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

51 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated:
April 27, 2023 

KAYA
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Craig Frank 

Craig
 Frank 

Chairman
 of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10K has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

/
 s/ Craig Frank 
 Chairman
 of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, 

Craig
 Frank 
 Acting
 Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 April
 27, 2023 

/s/
 Carrie Schwarz 
 Director 
 April
 27, 2023 
 
 Carrie
 Schwarz 

/s/
 Mitchel Chupak 
 Director 
 April
 27, 2023 
 
 Mitchel
 Chupak 

52 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Reports
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders' Deficit Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

53 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Kaya Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Kaya Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in
the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company had a net loss from continuing operations, net cash used in operations, and a lack of revenues to-date, which raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 2. The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Derivative Liabilities 

As discussed in Note 10, the Company borrows funds
through the use of convertible notes payable that contain a conversion price that may be fixed or fluctuates with the stock price. 

Auditing management s estimates of the fair
value of the derivative liability involves significant judgements and estimates given the embedded conversion features of the notes. 

To evaluate the appropriateness of the fluctuation
of the conversion price, the embedded conversion feature requires bifurcation from the host contract and is recorded as a liability subject
to market adjustments as of each reporting period. Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in determining derivative liability
values for these convertible note agreements, including the use of a specialist engaged by management. 

We evaluated management s conclusions regarding
their derivative liability and reviewed support for the significant inputs used in the valuation model, as well as assessing the model
for reasonableness. Additionally, we evaluated management s disclosure of the Derivative Liabilities calculations in Note 10 of
the consolidated financial statements. 

/s/ 
M K CPAS, PLLC 
We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018 
Firm ID 
 
April 27, 2023 

F- 1 

Kaya
Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 

 December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

(Audited) 
 (Audited) 

December 31,
 2022 
 December 31,
 2021 
 
 CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash
 and equivalents 

Inventory 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Total
 current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Right-of-use
 asset - operating lease 

Assets for sale 

Property
 and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and 

as of December 31, 2022
 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Investment
 in subsidiaries 

Other
 Assets 

Total
 non-current assets 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expense 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expense-related parties 

Accrued
 interest 

Right-of-use
 liability - operating lease 

Taxable
 Payable 

Convertible
 notes payable, net of discount of and 

Notes
 payable 

Derivative
 liabilities 

Total
 current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT
 LIABILITIES: 

Notes
 payable-related party 

Convertible
 notes payable, net of discount of and 

Accrued expense-related parties 

Right-of-use
 liability - operating lease 

Total
 non-current liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT: 

Convertible preferred stock, Series C, par value . ; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Convertible preferred stock, Series D, par value . ; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common stock , par value ; shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Subscriptions
 payable 

Additional
 paid in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income 

Total
 stockholders' deficit attributable to parent company 

Non-controlling
 interest 

Total
 stockholders' deficit 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

Kaya
Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(Audited) 
 (Audited) 

For The 
 For The 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Professional
 fees 

Salaries
 and wages 

General
 and administrative 

Total
 operating expenses 

Operating
 loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest
 expense 

Amortization
 of debt discount 

Derivative
 liabilities expense 

Gain (loss)
 on extinguishment of debt 

Gain on
 Settlement 

Gain on
 disposal 

Change
 in derivative liabilities expense 

Total
 other expense 

Net income
 (loss) before income taxes 

Provision
 for Income Taxes 

Net income
 (loss) 

Net (loss)
 attributed to non-controlling interest 

Net income
 (loss) attributed to Kaya Holdings, Inc. 

Basic
 net income (loss) per common share 

Weighted average number
 of common shares outstanding - Basic 

Diluted
 net income (loss) per common share 

Weighted average number
 of common shares outstanding - Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

(Audited) 
 (Audited) 

For
 The 
 For
 The 

Year
 Ended 
 Year
 Ended 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive expense 

Foreign
 currency adjustments 

Comprehensive
 income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income
 (expense) 

Net
 loss attributed to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive
 loss attributable to Kaya Holdings 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders' Deficit 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2022 (Audited) and the year ended December 31, 2021 (Audited) 

Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 
 Accumulated
 Comprehensive Loss 
 
 Noncontrolling
 Interest 
 
 Total
 Stockholders' Deficit 

Subscription
 Payable 

Preferred
 Stock - Series C 
 
 Preferred
 Stock - Series D 
 
 Common
 Stock 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Amount 

Balance, December 31, 2020 (Audited) 

- 
 
 - 

) 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Imputed interest 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for Cash 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

) 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for debt conversion and interest 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Share Cancellation 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Exchanges of preferred shares - series C to series
 D 
 ) 
 
 ) 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Settlement of related party accrued compensation 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Reclassification of derivative liabilities to additional
 paid in capital 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Business combination of foreign entities 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Translation Adjustment 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Net loss 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 ) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 (Audited) 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 (Audited) 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Imputed interest 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for services - related parties 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Settlement of related party accrued compensation 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Translation Adjustment 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Income 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 (Audited) 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statement of Cashflows (Audited) 

For The 
 For The 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income / loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Adjustment to non-controlling interest 

Depreciation 

Imputed interest 

Impairment expense 

Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets 

Loss (gain) on settlement of debt 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Derivative expense 

Change in derivative liabilities 

Amortization of debt discount 

Shares issued for service 

Shares issued for service - related parties 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expense 

Inventory 

Right-of-use asset 

Deposit 

Other assets 

Accrued interest 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - Related Parties 

Right-of-use liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net cash provided by(used in) operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sales of fixed assets 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from common stock subscriptions 

Proceeds from convertible debt 

Non-controlling contribution 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

Effects of currency translation on cash and cash equivalents 

CASH BEGINNING BALANCE 

CASH ENDING BALANCE 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS AFFECTING OPERATING, INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Adoption of lease standard ASC 842 

Settlement of accounts payable with note payable 

Reclassification of derivative liability to additional paid in capital 

Initial derivative liability on convertible notes payable 

Value of common shares issued for conversion of principal and interest 

Value of common shares cancelled 

Capitalization of interest pursuant to amended agreement 

Shares issued for cash from stock payable 

Settlement of related party liabilities in excess of net book value of asset distributed 

Preferred stock exchange-related party 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

In
August of 2017, the Company purchased a 26-acre parcel in Lebanon, Linn County, Oregon for 510,000 on which we intended to construct
a Greenhouse Grow and Production Facility (the Property and filed for OLCC licensure. In August of 2022, the Company
entered into an agreement (the CVC Agreement with CVC International, Inc. CVC ), an institutional
investor who holds certain of the Company s Convertible Promissory Notes (the Notes ), one of which was secured
by a 500,000 mortgage on the Property. CVC released its lien on the Property to enable the Company to sell the Property and utilize
the proceeds therefrom for the benefit of the Company and its shareholders, without having to repay CVC the 500,000 Note held by CVC.
Additionally, CVC agreed to advance certain sums against the sale of the Property Advances ), which amounted to
 270,000 pending the sale of the Property. On February 28, 2023 we sold the Property for a price of 769,500, less commissions and customary
closing costs. The net proceeds of the sale were used to repay the advances plus interest (including an additional 100,000 borrowed
from another lender interest) and the Company realized net proceeds of approximately 302,000,000. The land is reflected on the balance
sheet as assets held for sale for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, at a value of 516,076. 

On
August 18, 2018, the Company purchased the assets of Eugene, Oregon based Sunstone Farms which was licensed by the OLCC for cannabis
production and processing. The purchase included a 12,000 square foot building housing and indoor grow facility, as well as equipment
for growing and extraction activity. The purchase price of 1.3 was paid for by the issuance of 12 million shares of KAYS restricted
stock, and the seller also purchased 2.5 million restricted shares for 250,000 in cash in a private transaction with the Company, and
became a Board Member of Kaya Holdings. In mid-April, 2019 the OLCC filed an administrative proceeding proposing that the facility s
licenses (the Licenses be cancelled, claiming that Sunstone had not filed paperwork correctly with respect to the
transaction and the historical ownership of Bruce Burwick, the seller of the facility to the Company. Neither the Issuer nor any of its
agents, consultants, employees or related entities was named as a respondent to the action. On March 31, 2021 the Company entered into
a settlement with Sunstone and Burwick regarding the failure to deliver to KAYS the Licenses. Bruce Burwick surrendered to KAYS all 1,006,671
shares of our common stock issued to him in connection with the transaction (after adjustments for a 15:1 reverse split this was the
800,003 shares issued for the facility purchase, the 166,667 shares which were issued for 250,000 in cash and 40,001 shares which were
issued as annual compensation for Burwick serving as a director of KAYS), and the Company received clear title to the warehouse facility.
Burwick received 160,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the facility's grow license to an unrelated third party, resigned from
the Company's board of directors and agreed to work as a non-exclusive consultant to the Company for the next four years for a yearly
fee of 35,000.00. On October 12, 2021, KAYS completed the sale of its Eugene, Oregon Cannabis Production and Processing Facility for
gross proceeds of 1,325,000. 

On
September 26, 2019, the Company formed the majority owned subsidiary Kaya Brands International, Inc. KBI to serve as
the Company s vehicle for expansion into worldwide cannabis markets. Between September of 2019 and December 31, 2022 KBI has formed
majority-owned subsidiaries in both Greece and Israel and its local operating subsidiaries have acquired interests in various licenses
and entities as noted below: 

On June 7, 2020, Kaya Shalvah Kaya
Farms Israel or KFI ), a majority owned subsidiary of KBI) was incorporated by the Company s Israel Counsel.
On March 30, 2021 the Company confirmed that its Israeli subsidiary, Kaya Shalvah has been awarded its initial permit from the YAKAR ,
the Department for Medical Cannabis in the Israeli Ministry of Health, to develop an Israeli cannabis cultivation and processing facility.
This initial permit grants Kaya Shalvah permission to proceed with its plans to develop commercial scale cannabis cultivation and processing
in Israel. 

On
November 27, 2020, Kaya Farms Greece, S.A. KFG , a majority owned subsidiary of KBI) was incorporated by the Company s
Greek Counsel. On December 31, 2020, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Greekkannabis, PC GKC , an
Athens, Greece based cannabis company) and executed a formal agreement to acquire 50 of GKC which was completed in 2021. GKC has been
issued two (2) Installation Licenses for construction of two medical cannabis cultivation and processing projects in Greece- one in Epidaurus,
Greece and the other in Thebes, Greece. Neither of the subject properties are currently owned or optioned by GKC or its operating subsidiaries,
but the land for the potential project in Epidaurus is owned by one of the Greek Partner s families and the Land in Thibes is currently
available for purchase or option and the Company believes it could acquire either of the Properties once funding and market conditions
allow. Alternatively, both licenses are in good order, and can be transferred to a new location pending Greek Government approval. 

On December 13, 2022 the Company formed Fifth Dimension
Therapeutics FTD , a Florida Corporation) to seek to
provide psychedelic services to sufferers of treatment resistant mental health diseases such as depression, PTSD and other mental health
disorders. The Company has begun to populate the Board of FTD and its oldest Oregon employee, Bryan Arnold, has become one of the initial
eighteen graduates to obtain Psilocybin Facilitator certification in the State of Oregon. Bryan s Facilitation application (along
with the other 17 graduates of this first state approved course) is currently pending review with the OHA, and the Company expects to
file a Facilitation Clinic License application once he is approved and they have secured appropriate space on good terms. Additionally,
the Company expects to enroll additional potential licensee candidates within the coming months to bolster its ranks of OHA Licensed Psilocybin
Facilitators. open its first Psilocybin Clinic. 

- 

- 

Total
 assets 

- 

- 

Liabilities

Convertible
 debentures, net of discounts of 387,814 
 
 - 

- 

Short
 term debt, net of discounts of -0- 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Derivative
 liability 
 
 - 

- 

Total
 liabilities 
 
 - 

- 

- 

) 

Fair
 Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 

Level
 1 

Level
 2 

Level
 3 

Assets 

Cash 

- 

- 

Total
 assets 

- 

- 

Liabilities

Convertible
 debentures, net of discounts of 477,634 
 
 - 

- 

Short
 term debt, net of discounts of -0- 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Derivative
 liability 
 
 - 

- 

Total
 liabilities 
 
 - 

- 

- 

) 

The
carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, prepaid expenses, other current assets, accounts
payable accrued expenses, certain notes payable and notes payable related party, approximate their fair values because
of the short maturity of these instruments. 

The
Company accounts for its derivative liabilities, at fair value, on a recurring basis under level 3. See Note 7. 

Generally,
all forms of share-based payments, including stock option grants, warrants and restricted stock grants and stock appreciation rights
are measured at their fair value on the awards grant date, based on estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to
vest. 

The
expense resulting from share-based payments is recorded in general and administrative expense in the statements of operations. 

Computer 

Furniture Fixtures 

HVAC 

Land 

Leasehold Improvements 

Machinery and Equipment 

Sign 

Vehicle 

Total 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation 

Property, Plant and Equipment
 - net 

Depreciation
expense totaled of and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Due to the closure of 2
stores, the Company removed net assets of 173,658 and recorded a loss of disposal of fixed asset during the years ended December
31, 2020. 

On
August 30, 2021 the Company elected to dispose of two (2) of the four (4) Fiat cars that it owned that it was not using. The four cars
were originally purchased in September of 2017 for prices ranging from 13,584 to 14,992. 

After
a review of market pricing the Company was able to sell one of the cars to Carvana for 14,460, after adjustments for cost removed and
accumulated depreciation removal, the sale resulted in a gain on settlement. The Company recorded a net gain on disposal of assets of
 28,983. 

Additionally,
the second Fiat was transferred to Mr. Frank in lieu of 17,000 in
fees owed him. See Note 10 for additional information. 

On
October 12, 2021, KAYS completed the sale of its Eugene, Oregon Cannabis Production and Processing Facility for gross proceeds of 1,325,000.
The Company recorded a net gain on disposal of 113,861. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold a third vehicle which reduced our assets and accumulated depreciation by 
and recorded a gain on disposal of assets of . 

Rent Deposits 

Security Deposits 

Non-Current Assets 

Due
to the closure of 2 stores, the Company recorded a loss on deposits expensed against rent of 11,016, during year ended December 31,
2021. During year-end December 31, 2022, the Company impaired 74,509 in deposits for the Greece operation that was forfeited . 

1-Jan-17 

B 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

C 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

D 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

O 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

P 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

Q 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

S 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

T 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

CC 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-24 

KK 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

LL 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

MM 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

NN 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

OO 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

PP 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

QQ 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

RR 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

SS 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

TT 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

UU 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

VV 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

XX 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

YY 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

ZZ 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

AAA 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

BBB 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

DDD 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

EEE 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

GGG 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

JJJ 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

LLL 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

MMM 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

PPP 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

SSS 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

TTT 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

VVV 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

WWW 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

XXX 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

YYY 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

ZZZ 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

AAAA 
 Convertible 
 
 X

1-Jan-25 

BBBB 
 Convertible 
 X

1-Mar-23 

-

CCCC 
 Convertible 
 X

1-Mar-23 

-

DDDD 
 Convertible 
 X

31-Dec-24 

-

Total
 Convertible Debt 

Less:
 Discount 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Convertible
 Debt, Net of Discounts 

Convertible
 Debt, Net of Discounts, Current 

Convertible
 Debt, Net of Discounts, Long-term 

FOOTNOTES
FOR CONVERTIBLE DEBT ACTIVITY FOR YEAR ENDED DECEMBER31, 2022 

On 
August 8, 2022, the Company received 150,000 from the issuance of convertible debt to the Cayman Venture Capital Fund pursuant to the
January 2018 Financing Agreement, as amended. Interest is stated at 12 . The Note and Interest is convertible into common shares at 0.08
per share. The Note is Due in March 1, 2024. This note has a price adjustment provision. Therefore, the Company accounted for these
Notes under ASC Topic 815-15 Embedded Derivative. The derivative component of the obligation is initially valued and classified
as a derivative liability with an offset to discounts on convertible debt. Discounts are amortized to interest expense over the respective
term of the related note. In determining the indicated value of the convertible note issued, the Company used the Binomial Options Pricing
Model, see Note 9 for further details. 

On November 8, 2022, the Company received 120,000 from the
issuance of convertible debt with a third- party individual. Interest is stated at 10 . The Note and Interest is convertible into common
shares at 0.08 per share. The Note is Due on March 1, 2023. This note has a price adjustment provision. Therefore, the Company accounted
for these Notes under ASC Topic 815-15 Embedded Derivative. The derivative component of the obligation is initially valued
and classified as a derivative liability with an offset to discounts on convertible debt. Discounts are amortized to interest expense
over the respective term of the related note. In determining the indicated value of the convertible note issued, the Company used the
Binomial Options Pricing Model, see Note 9 for further details. 

On December 12, 2022, the Company received 100,000 from the issuance
of convertible debt with a third- party individual. Interest is stated at 10 . The Note and Interest is convertible into common shares
at 0.08 per share. The Note is Due on December 31, 2024. This note has a price adjustment provision. Therefore, the Company accounted
for these Notes under ASC Topic 815-15 Embedded Derivative. The derivative component of the obligation is initially valued
and classified as a derivative liability with an offset to discounts on convertible debt. Discounts are amortized to interest expense
over the respective term of the related note. In determining the indicated value of the convertible note issued, the Company used the
Binomial Options Pricing Model, see Note 9 for further details. 

On
December 31, 2022, the Company and various noteholders agree to modify the maturity date to December 31,2025 of all notes that were due
to mature on December 31, 2024. No other terms of the convertible notes were changed. 

Total Non-Convertible Debt 

(5)
On September 16, 2016, the Company received a total of 31,661 to be used for equipment in exchange for a two year note in the
aggregate amount of 31,661 with interest accruing at 18 per year and a 10 loan fee. The note is in default as of December 31,
2022 with an outstanding balance of 9,312. 

(1) 
 
 The
 250,000 non-convertible note was issued as part of a Debt Modification Agreement dated January 2, 2014. On January 1, 2019, the
 holder of the note extended the due date until December 31, 2021. The interest rate of the non-convertible note is 0 . The
 Company used the stated rate of 9 as imputed interest rate, which was 22,500 and 22,500 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
 year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the debt was 250,000. On December
 31, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to further extend the debt until December 31, 2025, with no additional interest for
 the extension period. 

Initial 

Change in Derivative Values 

Conversion of debt-reclass to APIC 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The
Company recorded the debt discount to the extent of the gross proceeds raised and expensed immediately the remaining fair value of the
derivative liability, as it exceeded the gross proceeds of the note. 

The Company recorded initial derivative liabilities
of 213,579 and 589,033 for the new notes issued for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company recorded derivative liability expense of 0 and 566,080 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company recorded a change in the value of embedded derivative liabilities expense of 1,010,737 and a gain of 12,947,095 for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company recorded the amortization of debt discount of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company reclassified derivative liabilities of 0 to additional paid in capital due to debt conversion for the year ended December 31,
2022 and for year ended December 31, 2021 

On
July 28, 2021 the Company announced that all terms had been satisfied. Pursuant to the terms of the settlement, Bruce Burwick surrendered
to KAYS 1,006,671 shares of our common stock issued to him in connection with the transaction (800,003 shares which were issued for the
facility purchase, 166,667 shares which were issued for 250,000 in cash and 40,001 shares which were issued as annual compensation for
Burwick serving as a director of KAYS). The shares have been submitted to KAYS' transfer agent for cancellation. In addition, the Company
received clear title to the warehouse facility, which enables the Company to sell it without restriction. As part of the settlement,
Burwick received 160,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the facility's grow license to an unrelated third party, resigned from
the Company's board of directors and agreed to work as a non-exclusive consultant to the Company for the next four years for a yearly
fee of 35,000.00. 

 On
October 12, 2021, KAYS completed the sale of its Eugene, Oregon Cannabis Production and Processing Facility for gross proceeds of 1,325,000,
generating a cash influx of approximately 0.09 per share for the Company (the Eugene Warehouse Sale ). The sale was part
of our recently announced settlement with Sunstone Farms, and it also resulted in the cancellation of 1,006,671 shares of KAYS stock,
decreasing the Company s issued and outstanding shares by approximately 6.5 to 14.7 million shares. Funds received from the
sale were and are being used to repay certain debt and strengthen our balance sheet and for general working capital purposes, as well
as provide the initial stage capital for some of the Company s U.S. and global expansion activities, including its planned cultivation
sites in Greece and Israel. 

 On August 30, 2021 the Company elected to
dispose of two (2) of the four (4) Fiat cars that it owned that it was not using. The four cars were originally purchased in September
of 2017 for prices ranging from 13,584.00 to 14,992. 

 After a review of market pricing the Company
was able to sell one of the cars to Carvana for 14,460.00 and the funds were used for general working capital. Additionally, the second
Fiat was transferred to Mr. Frank in lieu of 15,000in fees owed him. After adjusting for net book value, the Company recorded 12,453
to additional paid in capital. 

 On December 27, 2021 the Company entered into an Exchange
Agreement with Craig Frank and BMN Consultants, Inc. for 50,000 Series C Preferred Shares of Kaya Holdings held by Mr. Frank and 50,000
Series C Preferred Shares of Kaya Holdings optioned by BMN from Mr. Frank and Ilan Sarid (pursuant to stock options that they each extended
to BMN in 2010), 100,000 total shares. 

Pursuant to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, the Holders each agreed to (a) waive payment of approximately 338,000 of Accrued Compensation; (b) defer payment of the remaining
balance of Accrued Compensation owed to each of them of approximately 250,000 until January 1, 2025 ; and (c) exchange the 50,000 Series
C Shares at total of 100,000) for twenty (20) Series D Convertible Preferred Shares of Kaya Holdings Stock. Each Share of 40 Series
D Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, into one percent (1 of the
Company s Fully Diluted Capitalization as of the Conversion Date. This resulted in a related party gain, which was applied to APIC. Mr.
Frank s Series D shares were issued to Mr. Frank and the Series D shares issued for the option held by BMN were issued to RLH Financial
Services pursuant to a private sale between BMN and RLH whereby RLH acquired the shares in exchange for a promissory note in the amount
of 1,000,000. 

 On December 1, 2022,
the Company priced a its one remaining vehicle with Carvana and received a offer for 14,510 In lieu of accepting the bid and partially
paying Mr. Frank s invoices which were still due from August, 2022, the Company agreed to transfer title to the car to him in settlement
of 17,000.00 in fees that were due him in August (these are fees that are not being deferred and would otherwise be paid in cash, and
cost the Company 2,490.00 more in fees if the car was sold). 

On
December 15, 2022 the Board of Directors approved the issuance of a total of 2,100,000 shares as Officer and Director Compensation as
follows:1,500,000 shares of common stock to our CEO Craig Frank 300,000
shares to Carries Schwarz 300,000 shares to Mitchell Chupak, as annual award compensation, per their agreements. 

NOTE
12 STOCK OPTION PLAN 

On
September 15, 2022 the Company approved the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, which provides for equity incentives to be granted to the Company s
employees, executive officers or directors or to key advisers or consultants. Equity incentives may be in the form of stock options with
an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the underlying shares as determined pursuant to the 2022 Incentive Stock Plan,
restricted stock awards, other stock based awards, or any combination of the foregoing. The 2022 Incentive Stock Plan is administered
by the board of directors. 

On
December 15, 2022 the Board of Directors approved the issuance of 4, 550,000 shares
of stock to recipients of the plan (the shares were issued prior to the end of 2022). The remaining balance of the shares available in
the plan is 450,000 shares. The shares were valued at 0.0685, the closing market price on the date of issuance. 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 ) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 

Effective April
15, 2016, the Company leased a unit in Salem, Oregon under a 5-year operating lease expiring April 15, 2021. The total amount of rental
payments due over the lease term is being charged to rent expense according to the straight-line method over the term of the lease. The
current monthly payment is 0 with right of us liabilities of 0. This lease is in process of being terminated pursuant to agreement reached
with landlord- see note below. 

Effective April
15, 2016, the Company leased a unit in Salem, Oregon under a 5-year operating lease expiring April 15, 2021. The total amount of rental
payments due over the lease term is being charged to rent expense according to the straight-line method over the term of the lease. The
current monthly payment is 0 with right of us liabilities of 0. This lease is in process of being terminated pursuant to agreement reached
with landlord- see note below. 

As noted above, the one (1) lease that the Company
entered into on June 1, 2015 and the two (2) leases that the Company entered into effective April 15, 20 16 are in the process of being
terminated with 75,000.00 in currently escrowed funds from the sale of one of the Company s stores to be transferred to the landlord
(subject to final closing of the store sale) in exchange for a satisfaction of the three leases prior to the end of April. 

The Company
utilizes the incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments unless the implicit rate is readily determinable.
The Company used an estimated incremental borrowing rate of 9.32 to estimate the present value of the right of use liability. 

The Company has right-of-use assets of
 182,604 and operating lease liabilities of 193,182 as of December 31, 2022. Operating lease expense for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 were 193,182 and 194,689, respectively. Due to the closure of 2 stores, the Company evaluated long-lived assets for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Hence, the Company has
recorded 0 in impairment charges related to right-of-use assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

2024 

2025 

Later
 years 
 
 - 

Total
 lease payments 

Less:
 Imputed interest 
 
 ) 

Present
 value of lease liabilities 

at December 31, 2022 that do not expire. However, utilization
of these losses may be limited pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code due to a recapitalization in 2007 and subsequent
stock issuances. 

 The
Company has a deferred tax asset as shown in the following: 

Valuation Allowance 

Net Deferred Tax Asset 

We
are subject to certain tax risks and treatments that could negatively impact our results of operations 

Section
280E of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, prohibits businesses from deducting certain expenses associated with trafficking controlled
substances (within the meaning of Schedule I and II of the Controlled Substances Act). The IRS has invoked Section 280E in tax audits
against various cannabis businesses in the U.S. that are permitted under applicable state laws. Although the IRS issued a clarification
allowing the deduction of certain expenses, the scope of such items is interpreted very narrowly and the bulk of operating costs and
general administrative costs are not permitted to be deducted. While there are currently several pending cases before various administrative
and federal courts challenging these restrictions, there is no guarantee that these courts will issue an interpretation of Section 280E
favorable to cannabis businesses. 

Provision
for Income Taxes 

We
recorded a provision for income taxes in the amount of during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to during the
year ended December 31, 2021. Although we have net operating losses that we believe are available to us to offset this entire tax liability,
which arises under Section 280E of the Code because we are a cannabis company, as a conservative measure, we have accrued this liability. 

F- 25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Craig Frank, Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Acting Financial Officer of Kaya Holdings, Inc. (the
 Registrant ), certify that: 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 of the Registrant (the Report ); 
 
 2. 
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
 make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
 period covered by the Report; 
 
 3. 
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in the Report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 the Report; 
 
 4. 
 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-a15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the Registrant
 and have: 

a) 
 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which the Report is being prepared; 
 
 b) 
 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 c) 
 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in the Report my conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by the Report based on such evaluation;
 and 
 
 d) 
 
 disclosed
 in the Report any change in the Registrant s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

5. 

I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and
 the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 b) 

Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal
 controls. 

Dated:
April 27, 2023 

KAYA
 HOLDINGS, INC.. 

By: 
 /s/
 Craig Frank 

Craig
 Frank, Chairman, President Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting
 Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32_1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 

 TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the accompanying Annual Report of Kaya Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Repor t ), I, Craig
Frank, Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting
Officer), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best
of our knowledge, that: 

1. 
 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 
 the
 information contained in the Report fully presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
 the Company. 

Dated:
April 27, 2023 

KAYA
 HOLDINGS, INC.. 

By: 
 /s/
 Craig Frank 

Craig
 Frank, Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting
 Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 kays-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 kays-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 kays-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 kays-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

