<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230622_10-K_edgar_data_1613103_0001613103-23-000040.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24488113</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>630660</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5724853</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8883272</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4704401</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4054246</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001613103-23-000040.hdr.sgml : 20230622
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230622163212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001613103-23-000040
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		172
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230428
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230622
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230622

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Medtronic plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001613103
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0428

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36820
		FILM NUMBER:		231033771

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 ON HATCH, LOWER HATCH STREET
		CITY:			DUBLIN
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			2
		BUSINESS PHONE:		01135314381700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 ON HATCH, LOWER HATCH STREET
		CITY:			DUBLIN
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			2

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Medtronic Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Medtronic Holdings Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140711

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kalani I Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140709

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001613103-23-000040.txt : 20230622

10-K
 1
 mdt-20230428.htm
 10-K

mdt-20230428 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 Annual report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 For the fiscal year ended . 
 Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 + 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting rm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity of Medtronic plc held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of October 28, 2022, based on the closing price of 86.82 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange: approximately billion. Number of Ordinary Shares outstanding on June 16, 2023: 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Item Description Page PART I 
 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 
 PART II 
 5. 
 Market for Medtronic s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 6. 
 (Reserved) 
 28 
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 52 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 54 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 105 
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 105 
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 105 
 PART III 
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 106 
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 107 
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 107 
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 107 
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 107 
 PART IV 
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 108 
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 116 
 Signatures 
 117 

Table of C ontents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other written reports of Medtronic plc, organized under the laws of Ireland (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, Medtronic, the Company, or we, us, or our), and oral statements made by or with the approval of one of the Company s executive officers from time to time, may include forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans, objectives of management for future operations and current expectations or forecasts of future results, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements may include statements related to our growth and growth strategies, developments in the markets for our products, therapies and services, financial results, product development launches and effectiveness, research and development strategy, regulatory approvals, competitive strengths, the potential or anticipated direct or indirect impact of COVID-19 ("COVID-19" or the "pandemic") on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition, restructuring and cost-saving initiatives, intellectual property rights, litigation and tax matters, governmental proceedings and investigations, mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, market acceptance of our products, therapies and services, accounting estimates, financing activities, ongoing contractual obligations, working capital adequacy, value of our investments, our effective tax rate, our expected returns to shareholders, and sales efforts. In some cases, such statements may be identified by the use of terminology such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, intend, looking ahead, may, plan, possible, potential, project, should, will, and similar words or expressions. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report include, but are not limited to, statements regarding : our ability to drive long-term shareholder value ; development and future launches of products and continued or future acceptance of products, therapies and services in our segments; expected timing for completion of research studies relating to our products; market positioning and performance of our products, including stabilization of certain product markets; divestitures and the potential benefits thereof; the costs and benefits of integrating previous acquisitions; anticipated timing for United States (U.S.) Food and Drug Administration (U.S. FDA) and non-U.S. regulatory approval of new products; increased presence in new markets, including markets outside the U.S.; changes in the market and our market share; acquisitions and investment initiatives, including the timing of regulatory approvals as well as integration of acquired companies into our operations; the resolution of tax matters; the effectiveness of our development activities in reducing patient care costs and hospital stay lengths; our approach towards cost containment; our expectations regarding healthcare costs, including potential changes to reimbursement policies and pricing pressures; our expectations regarding changes to patient standards of care; our ability to identify and maintain successful business partnerships; the elimination of certain positions or costs related to restructuring initiatives; outcomes in our litigation matters and governmental proceedings and investigations; general economic conditions; the adequacy of available working capital and our working capital needs; our payment of dividends and redemption of shares; the continued strength of our balance sheet and liquidity; our accounts receivable exposure; and the potential impact of our compliance with governmental regulations and accounting guidance. 
 We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions described in the Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. One must carefully consider forward-looking statements and understand that such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, and involve a variety of risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, including, among others, those discussed in the sections entitled Government Regulation within Item 1. Business and Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as those related to: 
 competition in the medical device industry; 
 delays in regulatory approvals; 
 public health crises; 
 reduction or interruption in our supply; 
 failure to complete or achieve the intended benefits of acquisitions or divestitures; 
 adverse regulatory action; 
 laws and governmental regulations; 
 litigation results; 
 quality problems; 
 healthcare policy changes; 
 cybersecurity incidents; 
 international operations, including the impact of armed conflicts; 
 self-insurance; 
 1 

Table of C ontents 

 commercial insurance; 
 changes in applicable tax rates; 
 positions taken by taxing authorities; 
 decreasing selling prices and pricing pressure; 
 liquidity shortfalls; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 inflation; or 
 disruption of our current plans and operations. 
 Consequently, no forward-looking statement may be guaranteed, and actual results may vary materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We intend to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding our forward-looking statements and are including this sentence for the express purpose of enabling us to use the protections of the safe harbor with respect to all forward-looking statements. While we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, whether as a result of any new information, future events, or otherwise, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. 
 
 2 

Table of C ontents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Medtronic plc, headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, is the leading global healthcare technology company. Medtronic was founded in 1949 and today serves healthcare systems, physicians, clinicians, and patients in more than 150 countries worldwide. We remain committed to a mission written by our founder in 1960 that directs us to contribute to human welfare by the application of biomedical engineering in the research, design, manufacture, and sale of products to alleviate pain, restore health, and extend life. 
 Our Mission to alleviate pain, restore health, and extend life empowers insight-driven care and better outcomes for our world. We remain committed to being recognized as a company of dedication, honesty, integrity, and service. Building on this strong foundation, we are embracing our role as a healthcare technology leader and evolving our business strategy in four key areas: 
 Leveraging our pipeline to accelerate revenue growth: The combination of our good end markets, recent product launches and robust pipeline is expected to continue accelerating our growth over both the near-and long-term. We aim to bring inventive and disruptive technology to large healthcare opportunities which enables us to better meet patient needs. Patients around the world deserve access to our life-saving products, and we are driven to use our local presence and scale to increase the adoption of our products and services in markets around the globe. 
 Serving more patients by accelerating innovation driven growth and delivering shareholder value: We listen to our patients and customers to better understand the challenges they face. From the patient journey, to creating agile partnerships that produce novel solutions, to making it easier for our customers to deploy our therapies everything we do is anchored in deep insight, and creates simpler, superior experiences. 
 Creating and disrupting markets with our technology: We are confident in our ability to maximize new technology, artificial intelligence (AI), and data and analytics to tailor therapies in real-time, facilitating remote monitoring and care delivery that conveniently manages conditions, and creates new standards of care. 
 Empowering our operating units to be more nimble and more competitive: Our operating model, which was effective February 2021, simplified our organization to accelerate decision making, improve commercial execution, and more effectively leverage the scale of our company. 
 We have four operating and reportable segments that primarily develop, manufacture, distribute, and sell device-based medical therapies and services: the Cardiovascular Portfolio, the Medical Surgical Portfolio, the Neuroscience Portfolio, and the Diabetes Operating Unit. For more information regarding our segments, please see Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 3 

Table of C ontents 

 CARDIOVASCULAR PORTFOLIO 
 The Cardiovascular Portfolio is made up of the Cardiac Rhythm Heart Failure, Structural Heart Aortic, and Coronary Peripheral Vascular divisions. The primary medical specialists who use our Cardiovascular products include electrophysiologists, implanting cardiologists, heart failure specialists, cardiovascular, cardiothoracic, and vascular surgeons, and interventional cardiologists and radiologists. 

Cardiac Rhythm Heart Failure 
 Our Cardiac Rhythm Heart Failure division includes the following Operating Units: Cardiac Rhythm Management; Cardiac Ablation Solutions; and Cardiovascular Diagnostics and Services. The division develops, manufactures, and markets products for the diagnosis, treatment, and management of heart rhythm disorders and heart failure. Our products include implantable devices, leads and delivery systems, products for the treatment of atrial fibrillation (AF), products designed to reduce surgical site infections, and information systems for the management of patients with Cardiac Rhythm Heart Failure devices. Principal products and services offered include: 
 Implantable cardiac pacemakers including the Azure MRI SureScan, Adapta, Advisa MRI SureScan, and the Micra Transcatheter Pacing System. The Micra Transcatheter Pacing System, which is leadless and does not have a subcutaneous device pocket like a conventional pacemaker, includes the Micra VR and the Micra AV device families. Both of these pacemakers treat patients with atrioventricular block. 
 Implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs), including the Visia AF MRI SureScan, Evera MRI SureScan, Primo MRI, and the Cobalt and Crome portfolio of BlueSync-enabled ICDs, as well as defibrillator leads, including the Sprint Quattro Secure lead. 
 Implantable cardiac resynchronization therapy devices (CRT-Ds and CRT-Ps) including the Claria/Amplia/Compia family of MRI Quad CRT-D SureScan systems and the Cobalt and Crome portfolio of BlueSync-enabled CRT-Ds, as well as the Percepta/Serena/Solara family of MRI Quad CRT-P SureScan systems. 
 Cardiac ablation products include a full suite of electrophysiology solutions to treat patients with arrhythmias, including paroxysmal and persistent AF. The portfolio includes the Arctic Front Advanced Cardiac Cryoablation System, the DiamondTemp Ablation system, a temperature controlled, irrigated radiofrequency ablation system, Sphere 9 catheter, the first of its kind with high density mapping capabilities combined with radio frequency and pulsed field energies to deliver ablation lesions, and Affera Mapping and Navigation System with Prism-1 software aimed at integrating clinical information to improve patient outcomes. 
 Insertable cardiac monitoring systems, including the Reveal LINQ and LINQ II. These devices are for patients who experience transient symptoms such as dizziness, palpitation, syncope (fainting) and chest pain, which may indicate a cardiac arrhythmia that requires long-term monitoring or ongoing management. The LINQ II device offers improved device longevity, remote programming, unmatched accuracy and a streamlined workflow with AccuRhythm AI algorithms to reduce clinic workload and data burden. 
 TYRX products, including the Cardiac and Neuro Absorbable Antibacterial Envelopes, which are designed to stabilize electronic implantable devices and help prevent infection associated with implantable pacemakers and defibrillators. 
 Remote monitoring services and patient-centered software to enable efficient care coordination as well as services related to hospital operational efficiency. 
 Medtronic stopped the distribution and sale of the HVAD System in June 2021. We continue a support program for patients with HVAD devices, and for caregivers and healthcare professionals who participate in their care. 
 4 

Table of C ontents 

 Structural Heart Aortic 
 Our Structural Heart Aortic division includes the following Operating Units: Structural Heart Aortic and Cardiac Surgery. The division includes therapies to treat heart valve disorders and aortic disease. Our devices include products for the repair and replacement of heart valves, perfusion systems, positioning and stabilization systems for beating heart revascularization surgery, surgical ablation products, and comprehensive line of products and therapies to treat aortic disease, such as aneurysms, dissections, and transections. Principal products offered include: 
 CoreValve family of aortic valves, including the Evolut PRO, Evolut PRO+, Evolut FX TAVR systems for transcatheter aortic valve replacement. 
 Surgical valve replacement and repair products for damaged or diseased heart valves, including both tissue and mechanical valves; blood-handling products that form a circulatory support system to maintain and monitor blood circulation and coagulation status, oxygen supply, and body temperature during arrested heart surgery; and surgical ablation systems and positioning and stabilization technologies. 
 Endovascular stent grafts and accessories, including the Endurant II Stent Graft System for the treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysms, the Valiant Captivia Thoracic Stent Graft System for thoracic endovascular aortic repair procedures, and the Heli-FX EndoAnchor System. 
 Transcatheter Pulmonary Valves, including Harmony Transcatheter Pulmonary Valve (TPV) and Delivery Catheter System and Melody TPV/Ensemble II Delivery System. 
 Coronary Peripheral Vascular 
 Our Coronary Peripheral Vascular division includes the following Operating Units: Coronary Renal Denervation and Peripheral Vascular Health. The division is comprised of a comprehensive line of products and therapies to treat coronary artery disease as well as peripheral vascular disease and venous disease. Our products include coronary stents and related delivery systems, including a broad line of balloon angioplasty catheters, guide catheters, guide wires, diagnostic catheters, and accessories, peripheral drug coated balloons, stent and angioplasty systems, carotid embolic protection systems for the treatment of vascular disease outside the heart, and products for superficial and deep venous disease. Principal products offered include: 
 Percutaneous Coronary Intervention products including our Onyx Frontier and Resolute Onyx drug-eluting stents, Euphora balloons, and Launcher guide catheters. 
 Percutaneous angioplasty balloons including the IN.PACT family of drug-coated balloons, vascular stents including the Abre venous stent, directional atherectomy products including the HawkOne directional atherectomy system, and other procedure support tools. 
 Products to treat superficial venous diseases in the lower extremities including the ClosureFast radiofrequency ablation system and the VenaSeal Closure System. 
 
 5 

Table of C ontents 

 MEDICAL SURGICAL PORTFOLIO 
 The Medical Surgical Portfolio includes the Surgical and Respiratory, Gastrointestinal, Renal divisions. Products and therapies of this group are used primarily by healthcare systems, physicians' offices, ambulatory care centers, and other alternate site healthcare providers. While less frequent, some products and therapies are also used in home settings. 
 
 Surgical Innovations 
 Our Surgical Innovations division includes the following Operating Units: Surgical Innovations and Surgical Robotics. The division develops, manufactures, and markets advanced and general surgical products, including advanced stapling devices, vessel sealing instruments, wound closure products, electrosurgery products, AI-powered surgical video and analytics platform, and robotic-assisted surgery products, hernia mechanical devices, mesh implants, gynecology products, lung health and visualization, and therapies to treat diseases and conditions that are typically, but not exclusively, addressed by surgeons. Principal products and services offered include: 
 Advanced stapling and energy products, including the Tri-Staple technology platform for endoscopic stapling, including the Endo GIA reloads and reinforced reloads with Tri-Staple Technology and the Endo GIA ultra universal stapler; the Signia Powered Stapling System; the LigaSure Exact Dissector and L-Hook Laparoscopic Sealer/Divider; and the Sonicision 7 curved jaw cordless ultrasonic dissection system. 
 Electrosurgical hardware and instruments, including the Valleylab FT10 energy platform, the Valleylab LS10 generator, and the Force TriVerse electrosurgical pencils. 
 Robotic and digital surgery technologies including, the Hugo robotic-assisted surgery (RAS) system designed for a broad range of soft-tissue procedures, and Touch Surgery Enterprise, the first-of-its-kind AI-powered surgical video management solution for the operating room. 
 Products designed for the treatment of hernias, including the AbsorbaTack absorbable mesh fixation device for hernia repair, the Symbotex composite mesh for surgical laparoscopic and open ventral hernia repair, and ProGrip Laparoscopic Self-Fixating Mesh, a self-gripping, biocompatible solution for inguinal hernias. 
 Suture and wound closure products, including the V-Loc barbed sutures, the Polysorb braided absorbable sutures, and the Monosof absorbable monofilament nylon sutures. 
 Respiratory, Gastrointestinal, Renal 
 Our Respiratory, Gastrointestinal, Renal division includes the following Operating Units: Respiratory Interventions; Patient Monitoring; and Gastrointestinal. The division develops, manufactures, and markets products in the emerging fields of minimally invasive gastrointestinal and hepatologic diagnostics and therapies, patient monitoring, and respiratory interventions including airway management and ventilation therapies. Effective April 1, 2023, we have contributed our Renal Care Solutions (RCS) business as part of an agreement with DaVita to form a new, independent kidney care-focused medical device company Mozarc Medical ). Principal products and services offered include: 
 Gastrointestinal and endoscopy products, including the GI Genius intelligent endoscopy module, the PillCam capsule endoscopy systems, the Bravo calibration-free reflux testing systems, the Endoflip Impedance Planimetry System, the Emprint ablation system with Thermosphere Technology, the ManoScan Bravo system, the Barrx platform through ablation with the Barrx 360 Express catheter, the Cool-tip radiofrequency ablation system, the HET Bipolar System, the Beacon delivery system, and the Nexpowder endoscopic hemostasis system. 
 Airway, ventilation, and inhalation therapies products, including the Puritan Bennett 980 and 840 ventilators, the Newport e360 and HT70 ventilators, the TaperGuard Evac tube, Shiley Endotracheal Tubes, Shiley Tracheostomy Tubes, McGRATH MAC video laryngoscopes, and DAR Filters. 
 6 

Table of C ontents 

 Products focused on patient monitoring, including Nellcor pulse oximetry monitors and sensors, Microstream capnography monitors, Bispectral Index (BIS) brain monitoring technology, INVOS cerebral/somatic oximetry systems, Vital Sync remote monitoring, WarmTouch convective warming, and the RespArray patient monitor. 
 NEUROSCIENCE PORTFOLIO 
 The Neuroscience Portfolio is made up of the Cranial Spinal Technologies, Specialty Therapies, and Neuromodulation divisions. The primary medical specialists who use the products of this group include spinal surgeons, neurosurgeons, neurologists, pain management specialists, anesthesiologists, orthopedic surgeons, urologists, urogynecologists, interventional radiologists, and ear, nose, and throat specialists. 
 
 Cranial Spinal Technologies 
 Our Cranial Spinal Technologies division and Operating Unit develops, manufactures, and markets an integrated portfolio of devices and therapies for surgical technologies designed to improve the precision and workflow of neuro procedures, and a comprehensive line of medical devices and implants used in the treatment of the spine and musculoskeletal system. The division also provides biologic solutions for the orthopedic markets and offers unique and highly differentiated imaging, navigation, power instruments, and robotic guidance systems used in spine and cranial procedures. Principal products and services offered include: 
 Neurosurgery products, including platform technologies, implant therapies, and advanced energy products through the Aible spine technology ecosystem. This includes our StealthStation S8 Navigation System, Stealth Autoguide cranial robotic guidance platform, O-arm Imaging System, Mazor X robotic guidance systems used in robot-assisted spine procedures, UNiD Adaptive Spine Intelligence AI-driven technology, and our Midas Rex surgical drills, including our MR8 high-speed drill system. 
 Products to treat a variety of conditions affecting the spine, including degenerative disc disease, spinal deformity, spinal tumors, fractures of the spine, and stenosis. These products include our CATALYFT PL expandable interbody spacers, CD Horizon ModuLeX spinal system, and T2 STRATOSPHERE Expandable Corpectomy System. These products can also include titanium interbody implants and surface technologies, such as our Adaptix interbody system and incorporated Titan Interbody Fusion Device with nanoLOCK technology. 
 Products that facilitate less invasive thoracolumbar surgeries, including the CD HORIZON SOLERA VOYAGER Percutaneous Fixation System and various retractor systems to access the spine through smaller incisions. 
 Products to treat conditions in the cervical region of the spine, including the ZEVO Anterior Cervical Plate System, the INFINITY OCT System, and PRESTIGE LP Cervical Artificial Discs. 
 Biologic solutions products, including our INFUSE Bone Graft (InductOs in the European Union (E.U.)), which contains a recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2, rhBMP-2, for certain spinal, trauma, and oral maxillofacial applications. 
 Demineralized bone matrix products, including MAGNIFUSE, GRAFTON/GRAFTON PLUS, and the MASTERGRAFT family of synthetic bone graft products Matrix, Putty, Strip, and Granules. 
 Specialty Therapies 
 Our Specialty Therapies division includes the following Operating Units: Neurovascular; Ear, Nose, and Throat (ENT); and Pelvic Health. The division develops, manufactures, and markets products and therapies to treat patients afflicted with acute ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke, diseases of ENT, and patients suffering from overactive bladder, (non-obstructive) urinary retention, and chronic fecal incontinence. Principal products and services offered include: 
 Neurovascular products to treat diseases of the vasculature in and around the brain. This includes coils, neurovascular stent retrievers, and flow diversion products, as well as access and delivery products to support procedures. Products also include the Pipeline Flex Embolization Device with Shield Technology, endovascular treatments for large or giant wide-necked brain aneurysms, the portfolio of Solitaire revascularization devices for treatment of acute ischemic stroke, the Riptide Aspiration 
 7 

Table of C ontents 

 System, the Onyx Liquid Embolic System, and a portfolio of associated access catheters including our React aspiration catheters also for the treatment of acute ischemic stroke. 
 ENT products, including the Straightshot M5 Microdebrider Handpiece, the Integrated Power Console (IPC) system, NIM Vital Nerve Monitoring Systems, Propel and Sinuva Sinus Implants from the acquisition of Intersect ENT, StealthStation ENT and StealthStation FlexENT Navigation Systems, as well as products for hearing restoration. 
 Pelvic health products, including our InterStim X and InterStim II recharge-free neurostimulators, InterStim Micro rechargeable neurostimulators, and SureScan MRI leads. Our NURO System delivers Percutaneous Tibial Neuromodulation therapy to treat overactive bladder and associated symptoms of urinary urgency, urinary frequency, and urge incontinence. 
 Neuromodulation 
 Our Neuromodulation division and Operating Unit develops, manufactures, and markets spinal cord stimulation and brain modulation systems, implantable drug infusion systems for chronic pain, as well as interventional products. Principal products and services offered include: 
 Spinal cord stimulation products, including rechargeable and recharge-free devices and a large selection of leads used to treat chronic back and/or limb pain and chronic pain resulting from diabetic peripheral neuropathy. This includes the Intellis (rechargeable) and Vanta (recharge-free) Spinal Cord Stimulation Systems, with AdaptiveStim and SureScan MRI Technology, DTM (differential target multiplexed) proprietary waveform, the Evolve workflow algorithm, and Snapshot reporting. 
 Brain modulation products, including those for the treatment of the disabling symptoms of Parkinson's disease, essential tremor, refractory epilepsy, severe, treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder (approved under a Humanitarian Device Exemption (HDE) in the U.S.), and chronic, intractable primary dystonia (approved under a HDE in the U.S.). Specifically, this includes our family of Activa neurostimulators, including Activa SC (single-channel primary cell battery), Activa PC (dual channel primary cell battery), and Activa RC (dual channel rechargeable battery), as well as Percept PC neurostimulator and SenSight directional lead system with the proprietary BrainSense technology. 
 Implantable drug infusion systems, including our SynchroMed II Implantable Infusion System, that deliver small quantities of drug directly into the intrathecal space surrounding the spinal cord. 
 Interventional products, including the Kyphon Balloon, the Kyphon V Premium, and Kyphon Assist systems and the OsteoCool RF Tumor ablation system. 
 The Accurian nerve ablation system, which conducts radio frequency ablation of nerve tissues. 
 DIABETES OPERATING UNIT 
 The Diabetes Operating Unit develops, manufactures, and markets products and services for the management of Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes. The primary medical specialists who use and/or prescribe our Diabetes products are endocrinologists and primary care physicians. 
 
 Principal products and services offered include: 
 Insulin pumps and consumables, including the MiniMed 770G system and MiniMed 780G system, which are all powered by SmartGuard technology. The MiniMed 770G and 780G system provides smartphone and Bluetooth connectivity, continuously delivers background insulin, monitors sugar levels, and an expanded age indication to ages two and up. The MiniMed 780G further reduces patient burden by including automatic correction boluses, meal-time detection system, and an adjustable glucose target down to 100 mg/dl. 
 Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) systems and sensors, including the Guardian Connect smart CGM system, the Guardian Sensor 3, and the Guardian Sensor 4, are products worn by patients capturing glucose data to reveal patterns and potential problems, such as hyperglycemic and hypoglycemic episodes. 
 8 

Table of C ontents 

 The InPen smart insulin pen system combines a reusable Bluetooth-enabled insulin pen with an intuitive mobile app that helps users administer the appropriate insulin dose. The InPen application integrates with our CGM data to provide real-time CGM readings alongside insulin dose information. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 Medtronic Workforce Overview 
 Medtronic s employees deliver on our Mission every day. We empower insight-driven care, experiences that put people first, and better outcomes for our world. In everything we do, we are engineering the extraordinary. We strive to be the employer of choice for the best and brightest global talent, where employees can grow and develop fulfilling careers. We aspire to create a truly inclusive, diverse, and equitable workplace that fosters innovation and creativity, and where every employee feels a sense of belonging and well-being. Medtronic has 95,000+ full-time employees, of which forty-three percent are based in the U.S. or Puerto Rico. 
 Inclusion, Diversity Equity 
 We believe that improving health for people from all walks of life depends on our ability to unleash the creative power of our diverse global employees. By breaking down barriers to Inclusion, Diversity and Equity (ID E), we open doors for everyone, driving progress and prosperity around the world. We integrate ID E principles throughout our Company to ensure every operating unit, team, and leader recognizes and celebrates the value of diverse experiences and backgrounds. As of the end of fiscal year 2023, 40 percent of our U.S. workforce is ethnically diverse; women comprise 51 percent of our global workforce; 43 percent of our manager and above employees are women; and 28 percent of our U.S. managers are ethnically diverse. Additionally, Medtronic employee resource groups (ERGs) are employee-led affinity groups that provide career development and networking opportunities for members and strengthen ties between employees of many different backgrounds, cultures, and interests. In fiscal year 2023, there were 13 ERGs and Diversity Networks across 300+ Network and ERG chapters in 70 countries with more than 35,000 members. 
 Pay Equity 
 In our most recent reported period available, in the United States, we have achieved 100 pay equity for gender for the third consecutive year and 100 pay equity for ethnically diverse employees. Globally we have achieved 99 pay equity for gender. We are actively working to close any remaining pay gaps by continuing to expand the annual pay equity analyses for each country we operate in. 
 Workforce Compensation 
 Our compensation framework is designed to celebrate the value and contributions of our employees. We are committed to transparent communications on compensation. Our competitive approach to compensation reflects industry benchmarks and local market standards. Our programs include annual and long-term equity-based incentives that provide the means to share in the Company s success, based on business and individual performance. To attract the best leaders, we offer competitive benefits and cash and equity incentives. We reward high-performing employees with an ownership stake in the Company through restricted stock, and all employees have the opportunity to purchase stock at a significant discount. 
 Learning Development 
 The skills and dedication of our employees drive our business performance. Our comprehensive professional development programs empower our people to build rewarding careers and help us attract world-class talent from global and diverse populations. Our suite of professional development programs ensures that our employees, regardless of level, location, language or learning preferences, have access to opportunities to develop and grow. Our investment in employee development has contributed to more than 32 percent of our open roles being filled with internal employees. 
 We have shifted away from degree requirements to focus on skills-based certification for certain roles within Medtronic. Additionally, as members of the Multiple Pathways Initiative, we have used a skills-based approach to offering opportunities to expanded pools of external talent that have previously been held back due to lack of access to undergraduate education. Internally, employees can now participate through MAPS (Medtronic Advancement Pathways and Skill-building) in undergraduate courses from top-tier universities to enhance or obtain new skills, at no cost to the employee. Our change in approach has opened up opportunities for employees who have been otherwise restricted from career advancement due to degree requirements. 
 Employee Engagement and Culture 
 Through our Organizational Health Survey, we gain valuable insight into the Medtronic employee experience and identify where we can improve in key priority areas: 1) Employee Engagement, 2) Inclusion, 3) Innovation, 4) Ethics and 5) quality culture as part of our commitment to Put Patients First in our everyday decisions and actions. In our most recent survey ending in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, more than 82 percent of our employees responded. Medtronic carefully reviews and implements actions based on employee feedback in order to partner and create an inclusive, innovative and supportive environment. 
 9 

Table of C ontents 

 To enable our transformation to be the global healthcare technology leader, we introduced a reinvigorated and revived culture. The Medtronic Mindset builds on our core values of integrity, quality, inclusion, and collaboration. It urges us to act boldly, compete to win, move with speed and decisiveness, foster belonging, and deliver results the right way. Our renewed culture helps us meet the needs of our patients and customers, and ensures our Mission endures for many years to come. 
 Health Safety 
 As a large, global employer, it is our responsibility to maintain a safe workplace and support the well-being of our employees. 
 Medtronic has a comprehensive approach to providing robust support for our employees and their families in natural disasters, public health crises, civil unrest and war, bereavement, and other challenging events. Along with other programs, the Medtronic Employee Assistance Program and the Medtronic Employee Emergency Assistance Fund have historically supported employees and their families when faced with difficult times by providing a variety of services such as mental health, safety, and financial resources and support at no cost. These programs have proven invaluable in navigating our employees through unique challenges, including in fiscal year 2023. The Medtronic Employee Emergency Assistance Fund is supported by donations from employees and the Medtronic Foundation, and over the last five years has provided over 6 million in grants to employees experiencing unexpected events creating a financial hardship. 
 For more information on Human Capital Management at Medtronic, please refer to our 2022 Integrated Performance Report (1) as well as Medtronic s 2022 Global Inclusion, Diversity and Equity Report (1) available on our company website. 
 
 CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY GOALS 
 We see possibilities to further increase our positive impact in the world. We have identified three focus areas for our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) efforts to drive measurable impact on issues including: protecting our planet, accelerating access to healthcare technology, and advancing ID E. In fiscal year 2022, we set new performance targets across the following areas: Patient Safety Product Quality; Inclusion, Diversity Equity; Climate Stewardship; Product Stewardship; and Access Innovation. More information about our ESG focus areas, including progress we have made to date toward achieving them, is included in our Integrated Performance Report. (1) 
 (1) The contents of our Integrated Performance Report and our Global Inclusion, Diversity, and Equity Report are referenced for general information only and are not incorporated by reference in the Form 10-K. 
 OTHER FACTORS IMPACTING OUR OPERATIONS 
 Public Health Crises 
 The global COVID-19 pandemic, together with the preventative and precautionary measures taken by businesses, communities, and governments, have impacted, and may continue to impact significant aspects of our Company and business, including future procedural volumes, supply constraints, healthcare staffing, and resulting impacts on demand for our products and therapies. If there are significant outbreaks of other contagious diseases or other global public health crises, we may face similar impacts. See Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Research and Development 
 The markets in which we participate are subject to rapid technological advances and innovations. Constant improvement of existing products and introduction of new products is necessary to maintain market leadership. Our research and development (R D) efforts are directed toward maintaining or achieving technological leadership in the markets we serve to help ensure that patients using our devices and therapies receive the most advanced and effective treatment possible. We remain committed to developing technological enhancements and new indications for existing products, and less invasive and new technologies for new and emerging markets to address unmet patient needs. That commitment leads to our initiation and participation in hundreds of clinical trials each fiscal year as the demand for clinical and economic evidence remains high. Furthermore, our development activities are intended to help reduce patient care costs and the length of hospital stays in the future. We have not engaged in significant customer or government-sponsored research. 
 Our R D activities include improving existing products and therapies, expanding their indications and applications for use, developing new therapies and procedures, and entering into arrangements with third parties to fund the development of certain technologies. We continue to focus on optimizing innovation, improving our R D productivity, driving growth in emerging markets, generating clinical evidence, and assessing our R D programs based on their ability to address unmet clinical needs, produce better patient outcomes, and create new standards of care. 
 Intellectual Property and Litigation 
 We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, trade secrets, and agreements (non-disclosure and non-competition agreements) to protect our business and proprietary technology. In addition, we have entered into exclusive and non-exclusive licenses relating to a wide array of third-party technologies. In the aggregate, these intellectual property assets and licenses are of material 
 10 

Table of C ontents 

 importance to our business; however, we believe that no single intellectual property asset or license is material in relation to our business as a whole. 
 We operate in an industry characterized by extensive patent litigation. Patent litigation may result in significant damage awards and injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of affected products or result in significant royalty payments in order to continue selling the products. At any given time, we are generally involved as both a plaintiff and a defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. 
 Sales and Distribution 
 We sell our medical devices and therapies through a combination of direct sales representatives and independent distributors globally. Additionally, a portion of the Company's revenue is generated from consignment inventory maintained at hospitals. Our medical supply products are used primarily in hospitals, surgical centers, and alternate care facilities, such as home care and long-term care facilities, and are marketed to materials managers, group purchasing organizations (GPOs) and integrated delivery networks (IDNs). We often negotiate with GPOs and IDNs, which enter into supply contracts for the benefit of their member facilities. Our four largest markets are the U.S., Western Europe, China, and Japan. Emerging markets are an area of increasing focus and opportunity, as we believe they remain under-penetrated. 
 Our marketing and sales strategy is focused on rapid, cost-effective delivery of high-quality products to a diverse group of customers worldwide. To achieve this objective, our marketing and sales teams are organized around physician specialties. This focus enables us to develop highly knowledgeable and dedicated sales representatives who are able to foster strong relationships with physicians and other customers and enhance our ability to cross-sell complementary products. 
 We are not dependent on any single customer for more than 10 percent of our total net sales. 
 Competition, Industry, and Cost Containment 
 We compete in both the therapeutic and diagnostic medical markets in more than 150 countries throughout the world. These markets are characterized by rapid change resulting from technological advances, innovations and scientific discoveries. Our product lines face a mix of competitors ranging from large manufacturers with multiple business lines to small manufacturers offering a limited selection of products. In addition, we face competition from providers of other medical therapies, such as pharmaceutical companies. 
 Major shifts in industry market share have occurred in connection with product corrective actions, physician advisories, safety alerts, results of clinical trials to support superiority claims, and publications about our products, reflecting the importance of product quality, product efficacy and quality systems in the medical device industry. In the current environment of managed care, economically motivated customers, consolidation among healthcare providers, increased competition, declining reimbursement rates, and national and provincial tender pricing, competitively priced product offerings are essential to our business. In order to continue to compete effectively, we must continue to create or acquire advanced technology, incorporate this technology into proprietary products, obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner, maintain high-quality manufacturing processes, and successfully market these products. 
 Government and private sector initiatives to limit the growth of healthcare costs, including price regulation, competitive pricing, bidding and tender mechanics, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, technology assessments and managed-care arrangements, are continuing in many countries where we do business, including the U.S. These initiatives put increased emphasis on the delivery of more cost-effective medical devices and therapies. Government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, private healthcare insurance and managed-care plans have attempted to control costs by limiting the amount of reimbursement they will pay for particular procedures or treatments, tying reimbursement to outcomes, shifting to population health management, and other mechanisms. Hospitals, which purchase our technology, are also seeking to reduce costs through a variety of mechanisms, including, for example, centralized purchasing, and in some cases, limiting the number of vendors that may participate in the purchasing program. Hospitals are also aligning interests with physicians through employment and other arrangements, such as gainsharing, where a hospital agrees with physicians to share any realized cost savings resulting from changes in practice patterns such as device standardization. This has created an increased level of price sensitivity among customers for our products. 
 Production and Availability of Raw Materials 
 We manufacture products at manufacturing facilities located in various countries throughout the world. We purchase many of the components and raw materials used in manufacturing our products from numerous suppliers in various countries. Certain components and raw materials are available only from a sole supplier. We work closely with our suppliers to help ensure continuity of supply while maintaining high quality and reliability. Generally, we have been able to obtain adequate supplies of such raw materials and components. However, due to the U.S. FDA s manufacturing requirements, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for certain components or materials if we experience a sudden or unexpected reduction or interruption in supply and are unable to develop alternative sources. 
 For additional information related to our manufacturing facilities refer to Item 2. Properties in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 11 

Table of C ontents 

 Government Regulation 
 Our operations and products are subject to extensive regulation by numerous government agencies, including the U.S. FDA, European regulatory authorities such as the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency in the United Kingdom, the Health Products Regulatory Authority in the Republic of Ireland and the Federal Institute for Drugs and Medical Devices in Germany, the China National Medical Product Administration (NMPA) , and other government agencies inside and outside the U.S. To varying degrees, each of these agencies requires us to comply with laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, distribution and post-marketing surveillance of our products. Our business is also affected by patient and data privacy laws and government payer cost containment initiatives, as well as environmental health and safety laws and regulations. 
 Product Approval and Monitoring 
 Many countries where we sell products are subjected to approval and other regulatory requirements regarding performance, safety, and quality of our products. Authorization to commercially distribute a new medical device in the U.S. is generally obtained in one of two primary ways. The first, known as pre-market notification or the 510(k) process, requires us to demonstrate that our medical device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed medical device. The second, more rigorous process, known as pre-market approval, requires us to independently demonstrate that a medical device is safe and effective for its intended use. This process is generally much more time-consuming and expensive than the 510(k) process. 
 In the E.U., conformity with the marketing authorization requirements is represented by the CE Mark. To obtain a CE Mark, defined products must meet minimum standards of performance, safety, and quality (i.e., the essential requirements), and then, according to their classification, comply with one or more of a selection of conformity assessment routes. The competent authorities of the E.U. countries separately regulate the clinical research for medical devices and the market surveillance of products once they are placed on the market. The Medical Device Regulation was published by the E.U. in 2017, and it imposes significant additional pre-market and post-market requirements (EU MDR). The regulation provided an implementation period and became effective on May 26, 2021. The European Commission recently extended the implementation period to the end of 2027 for high-risk devices and to the end of 2028 for medium and low risk devices. 
 The global regulatory environment is increasingly stringent and unpredictable. While harmonization of global regulations has been pursued, requirements continue to differ among countries. We expect this global regulatory environment will continue to evolve, which could impact the cost, the time needed to approve, and ultimately, our ability to maintain existing approvals or obtain future approvals for our products. Regulations of the U.S. FDA and other regulatory agencies in and outside the U.S. impose extensive compliance and monitoring obligations on our business. These agencies review our design and manufacturing processes, labeling, record keeping, and manufacturers required reports of adverse experiences and other information to identify potential problems with marketed products. We are also subject to periodic inspections for compliance with applicable quality system regulations, which govern the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the design, manufacture, packaging, and servicing of finished medical devices intended for human use. In addition, the U.S. FDA and other regulatory bodies, both in and outside the U.S. (including the Federal Trade Commission, the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, the U.S. Department of Justice, and various state Attorneys General), monitor the promotion and advertising of our products. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may limit our ability to effectively market and sell our products, limit our ability to obtain future pre-market approvals or result in a substantial modification to our business practices and operations. For additional information, see "Item 1A. Risk Factors" We are subject to extensive and complex laws and governmental regulations and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect our financial condition and business operations. 
 Trade Regulations 
 The movement of products, services, and investment across borders subjects us to extensive trade regulations. A variety of laws and regulations in the countries in which we transact business apply to the sale, shipment and provision of goods, services and technology across borders. These laws and regulations govern, among other things, our import, export and other business activities. We are also subject to the risk that these laws and regulations could change in a way that would expose us to additional costs, penalties or liabilities. Some governments also impose economic sanctions against certain countries, persons or entities. In addition to our need to comply with such regulations in connection with our direct activities, we also sell and provide goods, technology and services to agents, representatives and distributors who may export such items to customers and end-users. If we, or the third parties through which we do business, are not in compliance with applicable import, export control or economic sanctions laws and regulations, we may be subject to civil or criminal enforcement action, and varying degrees of liability. Such actions may disrupt or delay sales of our products or services or result in restrictions on our distribution and sales of products or services that may materially impact our business. 
 Anti-Boycott Laws 
 Under U.S. laws and regulations, U.S. companies and their subsidiaries and affiliates outside the U.S. are prohibited from participating or agreeing to participate in unsanctioned foreign boycotts in connection with certain business activities, including the sale, purchase, transfer, shipping or financing of goods or services within the U.S. or between the U.S. and countries outside of the U.S. If we, or certain third 
 12 

Table of C ontents 

 parties through which we sell or provide goods or services, violate anti-boycott laws and regulations, we may be subject to civil or criminal enforcement action and varying degrees of liability. 
 Data Privacy and Security Laws and Regulations 
 As a business with a significant global footprint, compliance with evolving regulations and standards in data privacy and cybersecurity has resulted, and may continue to result, in increased costs, new compliance challenges, and the threat of increased regulatory enforcement activity. Our business relies on the secure electronic transmission, storage and hosting of sensitive information, including personal information, protected health information, financial information, intellectual property and other sensitive information related to our customers and workforce. 
 Our global operational footprint comes with the obligation for compliance and adherence to individual data security, confidentiality and breach notification laws at the State Level, Federal Level, and International Level. Examples of those laws include, in the U.S., the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), as amended, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (HITECH), and various State privacy laws that have become effective recently. We are also subject to various other country-specific requirements around the world, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom s version of the same, and China's Personal information Protection Law (PIPL). 
 Because the laws and regulations continue to expand, differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and are subject to evolving (and at times inconsistent) governmental interpretation, compliance with these laws and regulations may require significant additional cost expenditures or changes in products or business that increase competition or reduce revenue. Noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines, penalties, or orders to stop noncompliant activities, or withdrawal of noncompliant products from a market. 
 Regulations Governing Reimbursement 
 The delivery of our devices is subject to regulation by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and comparable state and non-U.S. agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of healthcare items and services. U.S. laws and regulations are imposed primarily in connection with federally funded healthcare programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, as well as the government s interest in regulating the quality and cost of healthcare. Other governments also impose regulations in connection with their healthcare reimbursement programs and the delivery of healthcare items and services. 
 U.S. federal healthcare laws apply when we or customers submit claims for items or services that are reimbursed under federally-funded healthcare programs, including laws related to kickbacks, false claims, self-referrals or other healthcare fraud. There are often similar state false claims, anti-kickback, and anti-self-referral and insurance laws that apply to state Medicaid and other healthcare programs and private third-party payers. In addition, as a manufacturer of U.S. FDA-approved devices reimbursable by federal healthcare programs, we are subject to the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires us to annually report certain payments and other transfers of value we make to U.S.-licensed physicians or U.S. teaching hospitals. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could subject us or our officers and employees to criminal and civil financial penalties. 
 Implementation of legislative or regulatory reforms to reimbursement systems, or adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of these systems in coverage or reimbursement, could significantly reduce reimbursement or result in the denial of coverage, which could have an impact on the acceptance of and demand for our products and the prices that our customers are willing to pay for them. 
 Environmental Health and Safety Laws 
 We are also subject to various environmental health and safety laws and regulations both within and outside the U.S. Like other companies in our industry, our manufacturing and other operations involve the use and transportation of substances regulated under environmental health and safety laws including those related to the transportation of hazardous materials. 
 Available Information 
 We maintain a website at www.medtronic.com . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act) are made available under the Our Company Investors caption and Financials SEC Filings subcaption of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 Information relating to our corporate governance, including our Principles of Corporate Governance, Code of Conduct (including our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers and any related amendments or waivers), Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors, and information concerning our executive officers, directors and Board committees (including committee charters) is available through our website at www.medtronic.com under the Our Company Governance caption. Information relating to transactions in Medtronic securities by directors and officers is available through our website at www.medtronic.com under the Our Company Investors caption and the Financials SEC Filings subcaption. 
 13 

Table of C ontents 

 Our website and the information contained on or connected to our website are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 
 The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including the Company, that file electronically with the SEC. The public may obtain any documents that we file with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov . We file annual reports, quarterly reports, proxy statements, and other documents with the SEC under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our securities involves a variety of risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, including, among others, those discussed below. Each of the following risks should be carefully considered, together with all the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and in our other filings with the SEC. Furthermore, additional risks and uncertainty not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flow and prospects could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks or uncertainties. 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry and we may be unable to compete effectively. 
 We compete in both the therapeutic and diagnostic medical markets in more than 150 countries throughout the world. These markets are characterized by rapid change resulting from technological advances, innovations and scientific discoveries. In the product lines in which we compete, we face a range of competitors from large companies with multiple business lines to small, specialized manufacturers that offer a limited selection of niche products. Development by other companies of new or improved products, processes, technologies, or the introduction of reprocessed products or generic versions when our proprietary products lose their patent protection may make our existing or planned products less competitive. In addition, we face competition from providers of alternative medical therapies, such as pharmaceutical companies. 
 We believe our ability to compete depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including: 
 product performance and reliability, 
 product technology and innovation, 
 product quality and safety, 
 breadth of product lines, 
 product support services, 
 customer support, 
 cost-effectiveness and price, 
 reimbursement approval from healthcare insurance providers, and 
 changes to the regulatory environment. 
 Competition may increase as additional companies enter our markets or modify their existing products to compete directly with ours. In addition, academic institutions, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations also may conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for discovery, research, clinical development and marketing of products similar to ours. These companies and institutions compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, as well as in acquiring necessary product technologies. From time to time we have lost, and may in the future lose, market share in connection with product problems, physician advisories, safety alerts and publications about our products, which highlights the importance of product quality, product efficacy and quality systems to our business. In the current environment of managed care, consolidation among healthcare providers, increased competition, declining reimbursement rates, and national and provincial tender pricing, as recently experienced in China, competitively priced product offerings are essential to our success. Further, our continued growth and success depend on our ability to develop, acquire and market new and differentiated products, technologies and intellectual property, and as a result we also face competition for marketing, distribution, and collaborative development agreements, establishing relationships with academic and research institutions and licenses to intellectual property. In order to continue to compete effectively, we must continue to create, invest in or acquire advanced technology, incorporate this technology into our proprietary products, obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner, and manufacture and successfully market our products. Given these factors, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to compete effectively or continue our level of success. 
 14 

Table of C ontents 

 Public health crises have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on certain aspects of our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The nature and extent of future impacts are highly uncertain and unpredictable. 
 Our global operations and interactions with healthcare systems, providers and patients around the world expose us to risks associated with public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics such as COVID-19. In particular, the preventative and precautionary measures that we and other businesses, communities, and governments have taken to mitigate the spread of the disease has led to restrictions on, and disruptions in, business and personal activities in certain countries and regions, including China, which comprises approximately seven percent of our total revenues. These restrictions have reduced customer demand for certain of our products. We expect medical procedure rates to continue to vary by therapy and country, and could be impacted by regional COVID-19 case volumes, healthcare system staffing shortages and supply chain issues that affect their ability to provide care, patients ability or willingness to schedule deferrable procedures, travel restrictions, transportation limitations, quarantine restrictions, vaccine and booster immunization rates, and new COVID-19 variants. 
 Together with the preventative and precautionary measures being taken, as well as the corresponding need to adapt to new and improved methods of conducting business, such as increased remote monitoring, COVID-19 has had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on certain aspects of our Company and business, including the demand for and supply of certain of our products, operations, supply chains and distribution systems, and our ability to generate cash flow. Some of our products are more sensitive to reductions in deferrable and emergent medical procedures, and certain medical procedures have been and may continue to be suspended or postponed. It is not possible to predict the timing of deferrable medical procedures and, to the extent individuals and hospital systems de-prioritize, delay or cancel these procedures, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could continue to be negatively affected. 
 Reduction or interruption in supply or other manufacturing difficulties may adversely affect our manufacturing operations and related product sales. 
 The manufacture of our products requires the timely delivery of a sufficient amount of quality components and materials and is highly exacting and complex, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. We manufacture the majority of our products and procure important third-party services, such as sterilization services, at numerous facilities worldwide. We purchase many of the components, raw materials and services needed to manufacture these products from numerous suppliers in various countries. We seek to maintain continuity of supply by use of multiple options for sourcing where possible. We have generally been able to obtain adequate supplies of such raw materials, components and services, although global shortages of certain components such as semiconductors and resins have recently caused, and may in the future cause, disruptions to our product manufacturing supply chain. In addition, for reasons of quality assurance, cost effectiveness, or availability, certain components, raw materials and services needed to manufacture our products are obtained from a sole supplier. Although we work closely with our suppliers to try to ensure continuity of supply while maintaining high quality and reliability, the supply of these components, raw materials and services may be interrupted or insufficient. In addition, due to the stringent regulations and requirements of regulatory agencies, including the U.S. FDA, regarding the manufacture of our products, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources. Additionally, many regulatory agencies are imposing regulatory requirements on safe use of chemicals and their potential impact on health and the environment which also may impact supply constraints. Furthermore, the prices of commodities and other materials used in our products, which are often volatile and outside of our control, could adversely impact our supply. We use resins, other petroleum-based materials and pulp as raw materials in some of our products, and the prices of oil and gas also significantly affect our costs for freight and utilities. A reduction or interruption in supply, and an inability to develop alternative sources for such supply, could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products in a timely or cost-effective manner and could result in lost sales. 
 Other disruptions in the manufacturing process or product sales and fulfillment systems for any reason, including infrastructure, information and equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, supplier or Company facility shut-downs, defective raw materials, labor shortages, natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, or wildfires, property damage or facility closures from riots or public protests, and other environmental factors and the impact of epidemics, pandemics, or other public health crises, and actions by businesses, communities and governments in response, could lead to launch delays, product shortages, unanticipated costs, lost revenues and damage to our reputation. For example, in the past we have experienced a global information technology systems interruption that affected our customer ordering, distribution, and manufacturing processes, and we have been adversely impacted by, and may continue to be adversely impacted by, the global COVID-19 pandemic and the responses of governments and of our partners, including suppliers, manufacturers, distributors and other businesses. Furthermore, any failure to identify and address manufacturing problems prior to the release of products to our customers could result in quality or safety issues. 
 In addition, many of our products require sterilization before sale and several of our key products are manufactured or sterilized at a particular facility, with limited alternate facilities. If an event occurs that results in damage to or closure of one or more of such facilities, such as the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency's decision to close a supplier's sterilization facility in February 2019, we may be unable to manufacture or sterilize the relevant products to the required quality specifications or at all. Because of the time required to approve and license a manufacturing or sterilization facility, a third-party may not be available on a timely basis to replace production capacity in the event manufacturing or sterilization capacity is lost. 
 15 

Table of C ontents 

 Our research and development efforts rely upon investments and investment collaborations, and we cannot guarantee that any previous or future investments or investment collaborations will be successful. 
 Our Mission is to provide a broad range of therapies to restore patients to fuller, healthier lives, which requires a wide variety of technologies, products and capabilities. The rapid pace of technological development in the medical industry and the specialized expertise required in different areas of medicine make it difficult for one company alone to develop a broad portfolio of technological solutions. In addition to internally generated growth through our research and development efforts, historically we have relied, and expect to continue to rely, upon investments and investment collaborations to provide us access to new technologies both in areas served by our existing businesses as well as in new areas. 
 We expect to make future investments where we believe that we can stimulate the development or acquisition of new technologies and products to further our strategic objectives and strengthen our existing businesses. Investments and investment collaborations in and with medical technology companies are inherently risky, and we cannot guarantee that any of our previous or future investments or investment collaborations will be successful or will not materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 The continuing development of many of our products depends upon us maintaining strong relationships with healthcare professionals. 
 If we fail to maintain our working relationships with healthcare professionals, many of our products may not be developed and marketed in line with the needs and expectations of the professionals who use and support our products, which could cause a decline in our earnings and profitability. The research, development, marketing and sales of many of our new and improved products depends on our maintaining working relationships with healthcare professionals. We rely on these professionals to provide us with considerable knowledge and experience regarding the development, marketing and sale of our products. Physicians assist us as researchers, marketing and product consultants, inventors and public speakers. In addition, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, our access to these professionals has been limited at times, and travel restrictions, shutdowns and similar measures have impacted our ability to maintain these relationships, thereby affecting our ability to develop, market and sell new and improved products. If we are unable to maintain strong relationships with these professionals, the development and marketing of our products could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 We have debt obligations that create risk. 
 We are required to use a portion of our operating cash flow to pay interest or principal on our outstanding indebtedness instead of for other corporate purposes, including funding future expansion of our business. We may also incur additional indebtedness in the future to supplement our existing liquidity and cash generated from operations to satisfy our needs for working capital and capital expenditures, to pursue growth initiatives, and to make returns of capital to shareholders. Over the course of the past fiscal year, interest rate increases in the U.S. and Europe, and recent disruptions in the financial services industry, caused periods of tightened credit availability and volatility in borrowing terms. At the time we may incur such additional indebtedness, or refinance or restructure existing indebtedness, we may be unable to obtain capital market financing with similar terms and currency denomination to our existing indebtedness, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. At any time, the value of our debt outstanding will fluctuate based on several factors including foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate movements. 
 Failure to integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully, or challenges related to the Company's strategic initiatives, including divestitures, as well as liabilities or claims relating to such acquired businesses or divestitures, could adversely affect our business. 
 As part of our strategy to develop and identify new products and technologies and optimize our portfolio of products, we have made several significant acquisitions and divestitures in recent years, and may make additional acquisitions and divestitures in the future. Our integration of the operations of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, manufacturing, and finance. These efforts result in additional expenses and involve significant amounts of management s time that cannot then be dedicated to other projects. Our failure to manage and coordinate the growth of acquired companies successfully could also have an adverse impact on our business. Further, acquired businesses may have liabilities, or be subject to claims, litigation or investigations that we did not anticipate or which exceed our estimates at the time of the acquisition. In addition, we cannot be certain that the businesses we acquire will become profitable or remain so. Factors that will affect the success of our acquisitions include: 
 the presence or absence of adequate internal controls and/or significant fraud in the financial systems of acquired companies, 
 our ability or inability to integrate information technology systems of acquired companies in a secure and reliable manner, 
 liabilities, claims, litigation, investigations, or other adverse developments relating to acquired businesses or the business practices of acquired companies, including investigations by governmental entities, potential FCPA or product liability claims or other unanticipated liabilities, 
 16 

Table of C ontents 

 any decrease in customer loyalty and product orders caused by dissatisfaction with the combined companies product lines and sales and marketing practices, including price increases, 
 our ability to retain key employees, and 
 the ability to achieve synergies among acquired companies, such as increasing sales of the integrated company s products, achieving cost savings, and effectively combining technologies to develop new products. 
 We also could experience negative effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows from acquisition-related charges, amortization of intangible assets and asset impairment charges. 
 In addition, the potential exists that expected strategic benefits from any planned or completed divestiture by the Company may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected, including but not limited to: 
 The Company s ability to consummate the planned separation of the combined Patient Monitoring and Respiratory Interventions businesses from the Medical Surgical Portfolio, 
 The Company s ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the recent contribution of half of the Company s RCS business to Mozarc Medical, 
 The Company s performance under various transaction service agreements that have or may be executed as part of a divestiture. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 We are subject to extensive and complex laws and governmental regulations and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect our financial condition and business operations. 
 Our medical devices and technologies, as well as our business activities, are subject to a complex set of regulations and rigorous enforcement, including by the U.S. FDA, U.S. Department of Justice, Health and Human Services Office of the Inspector General, and numerous other federal, state, and non-U.S. governmental authorities. To varying degrees, each of these agencies requires us to comply with laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing and distribution of our products. As a part of the regulatory process of obtaining marketing clearance for new products and new indications for existing products, we conduct and participate in numerous clinical trials with a variety of study designs, patient populations, and trial endpoints. Unfavorable clinical data from existing or future clinical trials may adversely impact our ability to obtain product approvals, our position in, and share of, the markets in which we participate, and our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain marketing clearance for our new products or enhancements or modifications to existing products, and the failure to maintain approvals or obtain approval or clearance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Even if we are able to obtain approval or clearance, it may: 
 take a significant amount of time, 
 require the expenditure of substantial resources, 
 involve stringent clinical and pre-clinical testing, as well as increased post-market surveillance, 
 involve modifications, repairs or replacements of our products, and 
 limit the proposed uses of our products. 
 Both before and after a product is commercially released, we have ongoing responsibilities under the U.S. FDA and other applicable non-U.S. government agency regulations. For instance, many of our facilities and procedures and those of our suppliers are also subject to periodic inspections by the U.S. FDA to assess compliance with applicable regulations. The results of these inspections can include inspectional observations on the U.S. FDA s Form 483, warning letters, or other forms of enforcement. If the U.S. FDA were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our medical products are ineffective or pose an unreasonable health risk, the U.S. FDA could detain or seize adulterated or misbranded medical products, order a recall, repair, replacement, or refund of such products, refuse to grant pending pre-market approval applications or require certificates of non-U.S. governments for exports, and/or require us to notify health professionals and others that the devices present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health, and in certain rare circumstances, ban medical devices. The U.S. FDA and other non-U.S. government agencies may also assess civil or criminal penalties against us, our officers or employees and impose operating restrictions on a company-wide basis. The U.S. FDA may also recommend prosecution to the U.S. Department of Justice. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively marketing and selling our products and limit our ability to obtain future pre-market clearances or approvals, and could result in a substantial modification to our business practices and operations. Furthermore, we occasionally receive subpoenas or other requests for information from various governmental agencies around the world, and while these investigations typically relate primarily to financial arrangements with healthcare providers, regulatory compliance and product promotional practices, we cannot predict the timing, 
 17 

Table of C ontents 

 outcome or impact of any such investigations. Any adverse outcome in one or more of these investigations could include the commencement of civil and/or criminal proceedings, substantial fines, penalties, and/or administrative remedies, including exclusion from government reimbursement programs and/or entry into Corporate Integrity Agreements (CIAs) with governmental agencies. In addition, resolution of any of these matters could involve the imposition of additional, costly compliance obligations. These potential consequences, as well as any adverse outcome from government investigations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 In addition, the U.S. FDA has taken the position that device manufacturers are prohibited from promoting their products other than for the uses and indications set forth in the approved product labeling, and any failure to comply could subject us to significant civil or criminal exposure, administrative obligations and costs, and/or other potential penalties from, and/or agreements with, the federal government. 
 Governmental regulations in the U.S. and outside the U.S. are constantly changing and may become increasingly stringent. In the E.U, for example, the Medical Device Regulation which became effective in May 2021 includes significant additional pre-market and post-market requirements. Penalties for regulatory non-compliance could be severe, including fines and revocation or suspension of a company s business license, mandatory price reductions and criminal sanctions. The development and implementation of future laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to reimbursement of healthcare goods and services may subject us to penalties and adversely impact our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our devices, products and therapies are purchased principally by hospitals or physicians that typically bill various third-party payers, such as governmental healthcare programs (e.g., Medicare, Medicaid and comparable non-U.S. programs), private insurance plans and managed care plans, for the healthcare services provided to their patients. The ability of our customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for products and services from third-party payers is critical because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. As a result, our devices, products and therapies are subject to regulation regarding quality and cost by HHS, including the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS), as well as comparable state and non-U.S. agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of health are goods and services, including laws and regulations related to fair competition, kickbacks, false claims, self-referrals and healthcare fraud. Many states have similar laws that apply to reimbursement by state Medicaid and other funded programs as well as in some cases to all payers. In certain circumstances, insurance companies attempt to bring a private cause of action against a manufacturer for causing false claims. In addition, as a manufacturer of U.S. FDA-approved devices reimbursable by federal healthcare programs, we are subject to the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires us to annually report certain payments and other transfers of value we make to U.S.-licensed physicians or U.S. teaching hospitals. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could subject us or our officers and employees to criminal and civil financial penalties. 
 We are also subject to risks relating to changes in government and private medical reimbursement programs and policies, and changes in legal regulatory requirements in the U.S. and around the world. Implementation of further legislative or administrative reforms to these reimbursement systems, or adverse decisions relating to coverage of or reimbursement for our products by administrators of these systems, could have an impact on the acceptance of and demand for our products and the prices that our customers are willing to pay for them. 
 We are substantially dependent on patent and other proprietary rights and failing to protect such rights or to be successful in litigation related to our rights or the rights of others may result in our payment of significant monetary damages and/or royalty payments, negatively impacting our ability to sell current or future products. 
 We are substantially dependent on patent and other proprietary rights and rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, trade secrets, and agreements (such as employee, non-disclosure and non-competition agreements) to protect our business and proprietary intellectual property. We also operate in an industry characterized by extensive patent litigation. Patent litigation can result in significant damage awards and injunctions that could prevent our manufacture and sale of affected products or require us to pay significant royalties in order to continue to manufacture or sell affected products. At any given time, we are generally involved as both a plaintiff and a defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of patent litigation, it is possible that the results of such litigation could require us to pay significant monetary damages and/or royalty payments, negatively impact our ability to sell current or future products, or that enforcement actions to protect our patent and proprietary rights against others could be unsuccessful, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. In addition, any public announcements related to litigation or administrative proceedings initiated or threatened against us could cause our stock price to decline. 
 While we intend to defend against any threats to our intellectual property, our patents, trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, trade secrets or agreements (such as employee, non-disclosure and non-competition agreements) may not adequately protect our intellectual property. Further, pending patent applications may not result in patents being issued to us, patents issued to or licensed by us may be challenged or circumvented by competitors and such patents may be found invalid, unenforceable or too limited in scope to protect our technology or provide us with any competitive advantage. In addition, our patents will expire over time, our ability to protect novel business models is uncertain, and infringement may go undetected. Third parties could obtain patents that may require us to negotiate licenses to conduct our 
 18 

Table of C ontents 

 business, and such licenses may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. In addition, license agreements could be terminated. We also rely on non-disclosure and non-competition agreements with certain employees, consultants and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. We cannot be certain that these agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information, or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary knowledge. 
 In addition, the laws of certain countries in which we market or manufacture some of our products do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S., which could make it easier for competitors to capture market position. For example, business in China comprises approximately seven percent of our total revenues. This may increase our vulnerability to our technology being reverse engineered or our trade secrets being compromised. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property in China or other countries, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Competitors also may harm our sales by designing products that substantially mirror the capabilities of our products or technology without infringing our intellectual property rights. 
 Quality problems could lead to recalls or safety alerts, product liability claims, reputational harm, adverse verdicts or costly settlements, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Quality is extremely important to us and our customers due to the impact on patients, and the serious and potentially costly consequences of adverse product performance. Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture, and marketing of medical devices. In addition, many of our products are often used in intensive care settings with seriously ill patients and some of the medical devices we manufacture and sell are designed to be implanted in the human body for long periods of time or indefinitely. Component failures, manufacturing nonconformances, design issues, off-label use, or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information with respect to our products, if they were to occur, could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, a patient. These problems could lead to recall of, or issuance of a safety alert relating to, our products, and could result in product liability claims and lawsuits, including class actions, which could ultimately result, in certain cases, in the removal from the body of such products and claims regarding costs associated therewith. Due to the strong name recognition of the Medtronic brand, a material adverse event involving one of our products could result in diminished market acceptance and demand for all products within that brand, and could harm our reputation and ability to market products in the future. Further, we may be exposed to additional potential product liability risks related to products designed, manufactured and/or marketed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and unpredictable or accelerated changes in demand for certain of our products in connection with COVID-19 and its related impacts could increase the risk of regulatory enforcement actions, product defects or related claims, as well as adversely impact our customer relationships and reputation. 
 Strong product quality is critical to the success of our goods and services. If we fall short of these standards and our products are the subject of recalls or safety alerts, our reputation could be damaged, we could lose customers and our revenue and results of operations could decline. Our success also can depend on our ability to manufacture to exact specification precision-engineered components, subassemblies and finished devices from multiple materials. If our components fail to meet these standards or fail to adapt to evolving standards, our reputation, competitive advantage and market share could be harmed. In certain situations, we may undertake a voluntary recall of products or temporarily shut down production lines based on performance relative to our own internal safety and quality monitoring and testing data. 
 Any of the foregoing problems, including future product liability claims or recalls, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Healthcare policy changes may have a material adverse effect on us. 
 There have been and continue to be actions and proposals by several governments, regulators and third-party payers globally, including the U.S. federal and state governments, to control healthcare costs and, more generally, to reform healthcare systems. Certain of these actions and proposals, among other things, limit the prices we are able to charge for our products or the amounts of reimbursement available for our products, increase the importance of our ability to compete on cost, and could limit the acceptance and availability of our products. These actions and proposals could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We rely on the proper function, security and availability of our information technology systems and data, as well as those of third parties throughout our global supply chain, to operate our business, and a breach, cyber-attack or other disruption to these systems or data could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation or competitive position. 
 We are increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology systems to operate our business. That technology includes systems that could be used to process, transmit and store sensitive data. Additionally, many of our products and services include integrated software and information technology that collects data regarding patients or connects to other internal systems. One of the most prevalent attacks on large organizations has been ransomware which can have a devastating impact on an organization s operations. Our ransomware readiness program has required and will continue to require investment and will not guarantee that we will be immune from an incident or be able to respond rapidly enough to prevent a negative impact on our business. Like all organizations, we routinely experience attempted interference with the integrity of, and interruptions in, our technology systems via events such as cyber-attacks, malicious intrusions, or other 
 19 

Table of C ontents 

 breakdowns. The consequences could mean data breaches, interference with the integrity of our products and data, compromise of intellectual property or other proprietary information, or other significant disruptions. Furthermore, we rely on third-party vendors to supply and/or support certain aspects of our information technology systems and resulting products. These third-party systems could also become vulnerable to cyber-attack, malicious intrusions, breakdowns, interference, or other significant disruptions, and may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could result in system disruption or compromise the information security of our own systems. Medtronic is constantly monitoring geopolitical events or issues (i.e., U.S.-China tensions) which may increase cybersecurity risks on a global basis, and we take appropriate measures to counter any threats. Lastly, we continue to grow in part through new business acquisitions and, as a result, may face risks associated with defects and vulnerabilities in acquired businesses systems, or difficulties or other breakdowns or disruptions in connection with the integration of the acquisitions into our information technology systems. 
 Our worldwide operations mean that we are subject to laws and regulations, including data protection and cybersecurity laws and regulations, in many jurisdictions. The variety of U.S. and international privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations impacting our operations are described in Item 1. Business" Other Factors Impacting Our Operations Data Privacy and Security Laws and Regulations . Any data security breaches, cyber-attacks, malicious intrusions or significant disruptions could result in actions by regulatory bodies and/or civil litigation, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation, or competitive position. 
 In addition, our information technology systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems. This enables us to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving legal and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information, changes in the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data and information systems, and the information technology needs associated with our changing products and services. There can be no assurance that our extensive efforts (including, but not limited to, consolidating, protecting, upgrading, and expanding our systems and capabilities, continuing to build security into the design of our products, and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, including, but not limited to, generative artificial intelligence platforms) will be successful or that additional systems issues will not arise in the future. 
 If our information technology systems, products or services or sensitive data are compromised, there are many consequences that could result. Consequences include, but are not limited, to patients or employees being exposed to financial or medical identity theft or suffering a loss of product functionality, losing existing customers or have difficulty attracting new customers, experiencing difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud, being exposed to the loss or misuse of confidential information, having disputes with customers, physicians, and other healthcare professionals, suffering regulatory sanctions or penalties under federal laws, state laws, or the laws of other jurisdictions, experiencing increases in operating expenses or an impairment in our ability to conduct our operations, incurring expenses or losing revenues as a result of a data privacy breach, product failure, information technology outages or disruptions, or suffering other adverse consequences including lawsuits or other legal action and damage to our reputation. 
 The failure to comply with anti-corruption laws could materially adversely affect our business and result in civil and/or criminal sanctions. 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the Irish Criminal Justice (Corruption Offences) Act 2018, and similar anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business and to ensure adequate internal controls, books, and records. Because of the predominance of government-administered healthcare systems in many jurisdictions around the world, many of our customer relationships outside of the U.S. are with governmental entities and are therefore potentially subject to such laws. We also participate in public-private partnerships and other commercial and policy arrangements with governments around the globe. 
 Global enforcement of anti-corruption laws has increased in recent years, including investigations and enforcement proceedings leading to assessment of significant fines and penalties against companies and individuals. Our international operations create a risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees, consultants, sales agents, or distributors. We maintain various controls aligned with legal requirements to prevent and prohibit improper practices, including policies, programs, and training for our employees and third party intermediaries acting on our behalf. However, existing safeguards and any future improvements may not always be effective, and our employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors may engage in conduct for which we could be held responsible. In addition, regulators could seek to hold us liable for conduct committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. Any alleged or actual violations of these regulations may subject us to government scrutiny, criminal or civil sanctions and other liabilities, including exclusion from government contracting, and could disrupt our business, adversely affect our reputation and result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Laws and regulations governing international business operations could adversely impact our business. 
 The U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and the U.S. Commerce Department s Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) administer certain laws and regulations that restrict U.S. persons and, in some instances, non-U.S. persons, in conducting activities, transacting business with, or making investments in, certain countries, governments, entities and individuals subject to U.S. 
 20 

Table of C ontents 

 economic sanctions or export restrictions. Our international operations subject us to these laws and regulations, which are complex, restrict our business dealings with certain countries, governments, entities, and individuals, and are constantly changing. Further restrictions may be enacted, amended, enforced or interpreted in a manner that materially impacts our operations. 
 From time to time, certain of our subsidiaries have limited business dealings in countries subject to comprehensive sanctions, including Iran, Syria, Cuba, and the region of Crimea, as well as Russia and Belarus. Certain of our subsidiaries sell medical devices, and may provide related services, to distributors and other purchasing bodies in such countries/region. These business dealings represent an insignificant amount of our consolidated revenues and income, but expose us to a heightened risk of violating applicable sanctions regulations. Violations of these regulations are punishable by civil penalties, including fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts and revocations or restrictions of licenses, as well as criminal fines and imprisonment. We have established policies and procedures designed to assist with our compliance with such laws and regulations. However, there can be no assurance that our policies and procedures will prevent us from violating these regulations in every transaction in which we may engage, and such a violation could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 Climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may materially adversely affect our financial condition and business operations. 
 Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere presents risks to our current and future operations from natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires or flooding. Such extreme weather conditions and other conditions caused by or related to climate change could increase our operational costs, pose physical risks to our facilities and adversely impact our supply chain, including: manufacturing and distribution networks, the availability and cost of raw materials and components, energy supply, transportation, or other inputs necessary for the operation of our business. The impacts of climate change on global water resources may result in water scarcity, which could impact our ability to access sufficient quantities of water in certain locations and result in increased costs. Concerns over climate change could have an impact on customer demand for our products and result in new legal or regulatory requirements designed to mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. Although it is difficult to predict and adequately prepare to meet the challenges to our business posed by climate change, if new laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory requirements, we may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet the regulatory obligations as well as adverse impacts on raw material sourcing, manufacturing operations and the distribution of our products. 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations and the risk of environmental liabilities, violations and litigation. 
 We are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws, and regulations concerning, among other things, the generation, handling, transportation, and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, the remediation of hazardous substances or materials at various sites, and emissions or discharges into the land, air or water. We are further subject to numerous laws and regulations concerning, among other things, chemical constituents in medical products and end-of-life disposal and take-back programs for medical devices. Our operations and those of certain third-party suppliers involve the use of substances subject to these laws and regulations, primarily those used in manufacturing and sterilization processes. If we or our suppliers violate these environmental laws and regulations, facilities could be shut down and violators could be fined, or otherwise sanctioned. New laws and regulations, violations of these laws or regulations, stricter enforcement of existing requirements, or the discovery of previously unknown contamination could require us to incur costs or could become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could be material. 
 We are subject to risks related to our environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices and initiatives. 
 There is an increased focus from our stakeholders, as well as regulatory authorities in the U.S., European Union (EU) and other global jurisdictions in which we operate, on ESG practices and disclosure. If we do not succeed, or are perceived to have fallen short, in any number of ESG matters, such as environmental stewardship, inclusion, diversity and equity (ID E) initiatives, supply chain practices, good corporate governance, workplace conduct and support for local communities, or if we do not effectively respond to new or revised legal, regulatory or reporting requirements concerning climate change or other sustainability concerns, we may be subject to regulatory fines and penalties, our reputation or the reputation of our brands may suffer, we may be unable to attract and retain top talent, and our stock price may be negatively affected. In addition, enhanced ESG laws, regulations and expectations in the jurisdictions in which we do business may increase compliance burdens and costs for third parties throughout our global supply chain, which could cause disruption in the sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of our products and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Further, we have made several public disclosures of objectives and targets (targets) relating to product stewardship, ID E, patient safety and product quality, access and innovation, and climate stewardship, including our ambition to be carbon neutral in our operations by 2030 and to achieve net zero emissions by 2045. Although we intend to achieve these targets, we may be required to expend significant resources to do so, which could increase our operational costs. In addition, there can be no assurance of the extent to which any of our targets will be achieved, or that any future investments we make to achieve such targets will meet investor, legal and/or any other regulatory expectations and requirements. If we are unable to meet our targets, we may face litigation and could incur regulatory fines and penalties or adverse 
 21 

Table of C ontents 

 publicity and reaction from investors, advocacy groups or other stakeholders that may adversely impact our business, demand for our products and services, and/or our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our insurance program may not be adequate to cover future losses. 
 We have elected to self-insure most of our insurable risks across the Company, and we made this decision based on cost and availability factors in the insurance marketplace. We manage and maintain a portion of our self-insured program through a wholly-owned captive insurance company. We continue to maintain a directors and officers liability insurance policy with third-party insurers that provides coverage for the directors and officers of the Company. We continue to monitor the insurance marketplace to evaluate the value of obtaining insurance coverage for other categories of losses in the future. Although we believe, based on historical loss trends, that our self-insurance program accruals and our existing insurance coverage will be adequate to cover future losses, historical trends may not be indicative of future losses. The absence of third-party insurance coverage for other categories of losses increases our exposure to unanticipated claims and these losses could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Changes in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a material impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We are subject to income taxes, as well as non-income based taxes, in the U.S., Ireland, and various other jurisdictions in which we operate. The tax laws in the U.S., Ireland and other countries in which we and our affiliates do business could change on a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could have a material impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) secured agreement from 142 countries to push forward with proposals to fundamentally rewrite International Tax rules which will likely impact the amount of tax multinationals such as Medtronic pay in the future. Certain countries have already enacted or are in the process of enacting legislation in line with guidance provided by the OECD. Ireland is subject to EU Directives and as a consequence has committed to enact legislation by December 31st 2023. As a result the first year Medtronic is expected to be impacted by these changes is fiscal year 2025. 
 The aggressive nature of the timeline set by the OECD may mean that all implications for business may not have been fully worked through or fully understood before rules are finalized. We continue to monitor the implications potentially resulting from this guidance. This action together with other legislative changes in many countries on the mandatory sharing of company information (financial and operational) with taxing authorities on a local and global basis under various information sharing initiatives, could lead to disagreements between jurisdictions associated with the proper allocation of profits between such jurisdictions. 
 We are subject to ongoing tax audits in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. However, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the actual outcomes of these audits could have a material impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 We have recorded reserves for potential payments of tax to various tax authorities related to uncertain tax positions. However, the calculation of such tax liabilities involves the application of complex tax laws, regulations and treaties (where applicable) in many jurisdictions. Therefore, any dispute with a tax authority may result in a payment that is significantly different from current estimates. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts, the reversal of the liabilities generally would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the amount for which it is ultimately liable, we would incur additional charges, and such charges could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 The Medtronic, Inc. tax court proceeding outcome could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition. 
 In March 2009, the IRS issued its audit report for Medtronic Inc. for fiscal years 2005 and 2006. Medtronic, Inc. reached agreements with the IRS on some, but not all matters related to these fiscal years. The remaining unresolved issue for fiscal years 2005 and 2006 relates to the allocation of income between Medtronic, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary operating in Puerto Rico, which is one of our key manufacturing sites. The Tax Court issued its opinion on August 18, 2022, and it remains subject to appeal by either or both parties. At this time, the Company is evaluating whether to file an appeal. An adverse outcome in this matter could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Future potential changes to the U.S. tax laws could result in us being treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes, and the IRS may not agree with the conclusion that we should be treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Because Medtronic plc is organized under the laws of Ireland, we would generally be classified as a foreign corporation under the general rule that a corporation is considered tax resident in the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Even so, the IRS may assert that we should be treated as a U.S. corporation (and, therefore, a U.S. tax resident) for U.S. federal income tax purposes pursuant to Section 7874 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). In addition, a retroactive change to 
 22 

Table of C ontents 

 U.S. tax laws in this area could change this classification. If we were to be treated as a U.S. corporation for federal tax purposes, we could be subject to substantially greater U.S. tax liability than currently contemplated as a non-U.S. corporation. 
 Legislative or other governmental action relating to the denial of U.S. federal or state governmental contracts to U.S. companies that redomicile abroad could adversely affect our business. 
 Various U.S. federal and state legislative proposals that would deny governmental contracts to U.S. companies that move their corporate location abroad may affect us. We are unable to predict the likelihood that, or final form in which, any such proposed legislation might become law, the nature of the regulations that may be promulgated under any future legislative enactments, or the effect such enactments and increased regulatory scrutiny may have on our business. 
 Risks Relating to Our Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 We are incorporated in Ireland, and Irish law differs from the laws in effect in the U.S. and may afford less protection to holders of our securities. 
 Our shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of the United States. It may not be possible to enforce court judgments obtained in the U.S. against us in Ireland based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws. In addition, there is some uncertainty as to whether the courts of Ireland would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on the civil liabilities provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws or hear actions against us or those persons based on those laws. We have been advised that the U.S. currently does not have a treaty with Ireland providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not based solely on U.S. federal or state securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Ireland. 
 As an Irish company, we are governed by the Irish Companies Act 2014, which differs in some material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations and shareholders, including, among others, differences relating to interested director and officer transactions and shareholder lawsuits. Likewise, the duties of directors and officers of an Irish company generally are owed to the company only. Shareholders of Irish companies generally do not have a personal right of action against directors or officers of the company and may exercise such rights of action on behalf of the company only in limited circumstances. Accordingly, holders of our securities may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would holders of securities of a corporation incorporated in the U.S. 
 As an Irish public limited company, certain capital structure decisions require shareholder approval, which may limit Medtronic s flexibility to manage its capital structure. 
 Under Irish law, our authorized share capital can be increased by an ordinary resolution of our shareholders and the directors may issue new ordinary or preferred shares, without shareholder approval, once authorized to do so by our articles of association or by an ordinary resolution of our shareholders. Additionally, subject to specified exceptions, Irish law grants statutory preemption rights to existing shareholders where shares are being issued for cash consideration but allows shareholders to disapply such statutory preemption rights either in our articles of association or by way of special resolution. Such disapplication can either be generally applicable or be in respect of a particular allotment of shares. Accordingly, at our 2022 Annual General Meeting, our Shareholders authorized our Board of Directors to issue up to 33 of our issued ordinary shares and further authorized our Board of Directors to issue up to 10 of such shares for cash without first offering them to our existing shareholders (provided that with respect to 5 of such shares, such allotment is to be used for the purposes of a specified capital investment). Both of these authorizations will expire on June 8, 2024, unless renewed by shareholders for a further period. We anticipate seeking new authorizations at our 2023 Annual General Meeting and in subsequent years. We cannot provide any assurance that these authorizations will always be approved, which could limit our ability to issue equity and thereby adversely affect the holders of our securities. 
 A transfer of our shares, other than ones effected by means of the transfer of book-entry interests in the Depository Trust Company, may be subject to Irish stamp duty. 
 Transfers of our shares effected by means of the transfer of book entry interests in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) will not be subject to Irish stamp duty. However, if a shareholder holds our shares directly rather than beneficially through DTC, any transfer of shares could be subject to Irish stamp duty (currently at the rate of 1 of the higher of the price paid or the market value of the shares acquired). Payment of Irish stamp duty is generally a legal obligation of the transferee. The potential for stamp duty could adversely affect the price of shares. 
 In certain limited circumstances, dividends we pay may be subject to Irish dividend withholding tax and dividends received by Irish residents and certain other shareholders may be subject to Irish income tax. 
 In certain limited circumstances, dividend withholding tax (currently at a rate of 25 may arise in respect of dividends paid on our shares. A number of exemptions from dividend withholding tax exist such that shareholders resident in the U.S. and other specified countries that have a tax treaty with Ireland may be entitled to exemptions from dividend withholding tax. 
 23 

Table of C ontents 

 Shareholders resident in the U.S. that hold their shares through DTC will not be subject to dividend withholding tax, provided the addresses of the beneficial owners of such shares in the records of the brokers holding such shares are recorded as being in the U.S. (and such brokers have further transmitted the relevant information to a qualifying intermediary appointed by us). However, other shareholders may be subject to dividend withholding tax, which could adversely affect the price of their shares. 
 Shareholders entitled to an exemption from Irish dividend withholding tax on dividends received from us will not be subject to Irish income tax in respect of those dividends unless they have some connection with Ireland other than their shareholding in our Company (for example, they are resident in Ireland). Shareholders who are not resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland, but who receive dividends subject to Irish dividend withholding tax, will generally have no further liability to Irish income tax on those dividends. 
 Our shares received by means of a gift or inheritance could be subject to Irish capital acquisitions tax. 
 Irish capital acquisitions tax (CAT) could apply to a gift or inheritance of our shares irrespective of the place of residence, ordinary residence or domicile of the parties. This is because our shares will be regarded as property situated in Ireland. The person who receives the gift or inheritance has primary liability for CAT. Gifts and inheritances passing between spouses are exempt from CAT. Children currently have a tax-free threshold of 335,000 in respect of taxable gifts or inheritances received from their parents. Irish Revenue typically updates the amount of this tax-free threshold on an annual basis. 
 Economic and Industry Risks 
 Changes in the prices of our goods and services and/or inflationary costs may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We have experienced, and may continue to experience, decreasing prices for certain of our goods and services due to pricing pressure from managed care organizations and other third-party payers on our customers, increased market power of our customers as the medical device industry consolidates and increased competition among medical engineering and manufacturing services providers. We have also recently experienced, and may continue to experience, rising costs due to inflation. If the prices for our goods and services change or inflation continues to rise, we may be unable to sufficiently reduce our expenses or offset rising costs through increased prices to customers. As a result, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to a variety of risks associated with global operations that could adversely affect our profitability and operating results. 
 We develop, manufacture, distribute and sell our products globally. We intend to continue to expand our operations and to pursue growth opportunities outside the U.S., especially in emerging markets. Operations in different countries including emerging markets could expose us to additional and greater risks and potential costs, including: 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates, 
 healthcare reform legislation, 
 the need to comply with different regulatory regimes worldwide that are subject to change and that could restrict our ability to manufacture and sell our products, 
 local product preferences and product requirements, 
 longer-term receivables than are typical in the U.S., 
 economic sanctions, export controls, trade protection measures, tariffs and other border taxes, and import or export licensing requirements, 
 less intellectual property protection in some countries outside the U.S. than exists in the U.S., 
 different labor regulations and workforce instability, 
 political and economic instability, including as a result of wars and insurrections, 
 the expiration and non-renewal of foreign tax rulings and/or grants, 
 potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws, and 
 economic instability and inflation, recession or interest rate fluctuations. 
 The ongoing global economic competition and trade tensions between the U.S. and China present risk to Medtronic. Although we have been able to mitigate some of the impact on Medtronic from increased duties imposed by both sides (through petitioning both governments for tariff exclusions and other mitigations), the risk remains of additional tariffs and other kinds of restrictions. Tariff exclusions awarded to Medtronic by the U.S. Government require periodic renewal, and policies for granting exclusions could shift. The U.S. and China, which 
 24 

Table of C ontents 

 comprises approximately seven percent of our total revenues, could impose other types of restrictions such as limitations on government procurement or technology export restrictions, which could affect Medtronic s access to the markets. 
 The Russia-Ukraine conflict and resulting sanctions and export restrictions are creating barriers to doing business in Russia and Belarus and adversely impacting global supply chains. While we have no manufacturing, distribution or direct material suppliers in the region, we continue to closely monitor the potential raw material/sub-tier supplier impact in both Russia and Ukraine. Materials like palladium and neon, which are both dependent on Russia supply, are part of broader semiconductor shortages in industry. Additional sanctions, export restrictions, and potential countermeasures within Russia may lead to greater uncertainty and geopolitical shifts in Asia that could cause additional adverse impacts on global supply chains and our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 More generally, several governments including the U.S. have raised the possibility of policies to induce re-shoring of supply chains, less reliance on imported supplies, and greater national production. Examples include potential Buy America requirements in the U.S. If such steps triggered retaliation in other markets restricting access to foreign products in purchases by their government-owned healthcare systems, the result could be a significant impact on Medtronic. 
 Other significant changes or disruptions to international trade arrangements, such as termination or modifications of other existing trade agreements, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, a significant amount of our trade receivables are with national healthcare systems in many countries. Repayment of these receivables is dependent upon the political and financial stability of those countries. In light of these global economic fluctuations, we continue to monitor the creditworthiness of customers. Failure to receive payment of all or a significant portion of these receivables could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, and the responses of business and governments to the pandemic, have at times resulted in reduced availability of air transport, port closures, increased border controls or closures, increased transportation costs and increased security threats to our supply chain, and countries may continue to close borders, impose prolonged quarantines, and further restrict travel and other activities. Our business could be adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully manage these and other risks of global operations. 
 Finally, changes in currency exchange rates may impact the reported value of our revenues, expenses, and cash flows. We cannot predict changes in currency exchange rates, the impact of exchange rate changes, nor the degree to which we will be able to manage the impact of currency exchange rate changes. 
 Instability in the financial sector could adversely affect our revenues, results of operation, or financial condition. 
 Recent disruptions in the financial services industry caused periods of tightened credit availability and volatility in borrowing terms. If these conditions were to recur or worsen, we may experience reduced demand for a number of our products. In addition, we could experience loss of sales and profits due to delayed payments or insolvency of healthcare professionals, hospitals and other customers, suppliers and vendors facing liquidity issues. As a result, our business and liquidity may be adversely impacted, and we may be compelled to take additional measures to preserve our cash flow. 
 Consolidation in the healthcare industry could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 
 Many healthcare industry companies, including healthcare systems, distributors, manufacturers, providers, and insurers, are consolidating or have formed strategic alliances. As the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide goods and services to industry participants will become more intense. Further, this consolidation creates larger enterprises with greater negotiating power, which they can use to negotiate price concessions. If we must reduce our prices because of industry consolidation, or if we lose customers as a result of consolidation, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 Healthcare industry cost-containment measures could result in reduced sales of our medical devices and medical device components. 
 Most of our customers, and the healthcare providers to whom our customers supply medical devices, rely on third-party payers, including government programs and private health insurance plans, to reimburse some or all of the cost of the procedures in which medical devices that incorporate components we manufacture or assemble are used. The continuing efforts of governmental authorities, insurance companies and other payers of healthcare costs to contain or reduce these costs could lead to patients being unable to obtain approval for payment from these third-party payers. If third-party payer payment approval cannot be obtained by patients, sales of finished medical devices that include our components may decline significantly and our customers may reduce or eliminate purchases of our components. The cost-containment measures that healthcare providers are instituting, both in the U.S. and outside of the U.S., could harm our ability to operate profitably. For example, managed care organizations have successfully negotiated volume discounts for pharmaceuticals, and GPOs and IDNs have also concentrated purchasing decisions for some customers, which has led to downward pricing pressure for medical device companies, including us. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 25 

Table of C ontents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 Medtronic's principal executive office is located in Ireland and is leased by the Company, while its main operational offices are located in the Minneapolis, Minnesota metropolitan area and are owned by the Company. 
 The Company's total manufacturing and research space is approximately 9.8 million square feet. Approximately 34 percent of the manufacturing or research facilities are owned by Medtronic and the remaining balance is leased. The following is a summary of the Company's largest manufacturing facilities by location: 
 Location Country or State Square Feet (in thousands) Connecticut 1,138 Puerto Rico 811 Mexico 762 China 708 Minnesota 623 Ireland 446 Dominican Republic 395 Arizona 294 Switzerland 283 California 260 Colorado 259 Florida 255 France 249 Massachusetts 245 Italy 230 
 Medtronic also maintains sales and administrative offices in the U.S. at five locations in five states and outside the U.S. at 119 locations in 62 countries. A majority of these locations are leased. The Company is using substantially all of its currently available productive space to develop, manufacture, and market its products. The Company's facilities are well-maintained, suitable for their respective uses, and adequate for current needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 In accordance with Item 103 of Regulation S-K, we have adopted a 1 million disclosure threshold for proceedings under environmental laws to which a governmental authority is a party, as we believe matters under this threshold are not material to the Company. A discussion of the Company s legal proceedings and other loss contingencies are described in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 26 

Table of C ontents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Medtronic s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company s ordinary shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol MDT. 
 The following table provides information about the shares repurchased by the Company during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023: Fiscal Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as a Part of Publicly Announced Program Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Program 1/28/2023-2/24/2023 257,425 84.48 257,425 2,446,440,933 2/25/2023-3/31/2023 448,355 80.19 448,355 2,410,488,558 4/1/2023-4/28/2023 389,900 83.02 389,900 2,378,119,960 Total 1,095,680 82.20 1,095,680 2,378,119,960 
 In March 2019, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of 6.0 billion of the Company's ordinary shares. There is no specific time-period associated with these repurchase authorizations. For additional discussion, see Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 On June 16, 2023, there were approximately 21,589 shareholders of record of the Company s ordinary shares. Ordinary cash dividends declared and paid totaled 0.68 per share for each quarter of fiscal year 2023 and 0.63 per share for each quarter of fiscal year 2022. On May 25, 2023, the Company announced an increase in Medtronic's cash dividends for the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, raising the amount to 0.69 per share. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on Medtronic s ordinary shares with the cumulative total shareholder return on the Standard Poor s (S P) 500 Index and the S P 500 Health Care Equipment Index for the last five fiscal years. The graph assumes that 100 was invested at market close on April 27, 2018 in Medtronic s ordinary shares, the S P 500 Index, and the S P 500 Health Care Equipment Index and that all dividends were reinvested. 
 Company/Index April 2018 April 2019 April 2020 April 2021 April 2022 April 2023 Medtronic plc 100.00 109.85 127.59 171.99 140.18 126.27 S P 500 Index 100.00 112.33 110.58 165.75 166.10 170.53 S P 500 Health Care Equipment Index 100.00 117.36 133.57 177.12 165.24 175.54 
 For information on the Company's equity compensation plans, see "Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 27 

Table of C ontents 

 Irish Restrictions on Import and Export of Capital 
 Except as indicated below, there are no restrictions on non-residents of Ireland dealing in Irish domestic securities, which includes ordinary shares of Irish companies. Except as indicated below, dividends and redemption proceeds also continue to be freely transferable to non-resident holders of such securities. The Financial Transfers Act, 1992 provides that the Irish Minister for Finance can make provision for the restriction of financial transfers between Ireland and other countries. For the purposes of this Act, financial transfers include all transfers which would be movements of capital or payments within the meaning of the treaties governing the E.U. if they had been made between Member States of the E.U. This Act and underlying E.U. regulations provide for the restriction of financial transfers to certain countries, organizations, and people including the Al-Qaeda network and the Taliban, Afghanistan, Belarus, Burma (Myanmar), Democratic People s Republic of Korea, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Libya, Republic of Guinea, Republic of Guinea-Bissau, Russia, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, Tunisia, certain persons and groups in Ukraine and Zimbabwe. 
 Any transfer of, or payment in respect of, a share or interest in a share involving the government of any country that is currently the subject of United Nations or E.U. sanctions, any person or body controlled by any of the foregoing, or by any person acting on behalf of the foregoing, may be subject to restrictions pursuant to such sanctions as implemented into Irish law. 
 Irish Taxes Applicable to U.S. Holders 
 Dividends paid by Medtronic will generally be subject to Irish dividend withholding tax (currently at a rate of 25 percent) unless an exemption applies. 
 Dividends paid to U.S. residents will not be subject to Irish dividend withholding tax provided that: 
 in the case of a beneficial owner of Medtronic shares held in the Depository Trust Company (DTC), the address of the beneficial owner in the records of his or her broker is in the United States and this information is provided by the broker to the Company s qualifying intermediary; or 
 in the case of a record owner, the record owner has provided to the Company s transfer agent a valid U.S. Certification of Residence (Form 6166) or valid Irish Non-Resident Form V2. 
 Irish income tax may also arise with respect to dividends paid on Medtronic s ordinary shares. A U.S. resident who meets one of the exemptions from dividend withholding tax described above and who does not hold Medtronic shares through a branch or agency in Ireland through which a trade is carried on generally will not have any Irish income tax liability on a dividend paid by Medtronic. In addition, if a U.S. shareholder is subject to the dividend withholding tax, the withholding payment discharges any Irish income tax liability, provided the shareholder furnishes to the Irish Revenue authorities a statement of the dividend withholding tax imposed. 
 While the U.S./Ireland Double Tax Treaty contains provisions regarding withholding, due to the wide scope of the exemptions from dividend withholding tax available under Irish domestic law, it would generally be unnecessary for a U.S. resident shareholder to rely on the treaty provisions. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 28 

Table of C ontents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 UNDERSTANDING OUR FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information management believes to be relevant to understanding the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. The discussi on focuses on our financial results for the fiscal year ended April 28, 2023 (fiscal year 2023) and the fiscal year ended April 29, 2022 (fiscal year 2022). A discussion on our results of operations for fiscal year 2022 as compared to the year ended April 30, 2021 (fiscal year 2021) is included in Part II, Item 7. "Mana gement's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 29, 2022 , filed with the SEC on June 23, 2022, and is i ncorporated by reference into this Form 10-K . You should read this discussion and analysis along with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto at April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022 and for fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, which are presented within "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Amounts reported in millions within this annual report are computed based on the amounts in thousands, and therefore, the sum of the components may not equal the total amount reported in millions due to rounding. Additionally, certain columns and rows within tables may not sum due to rounding. 
 Financial Trends 
 Throughout this Management s Discussion and Analysis, we present certain financial measures that facilitate management's review of the operational performance of the Company and as a basis for strategic planning; however, such financial measures are not presented in our financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S.) (U.S. GAAP). These financial measures are considered "non-GAAP financial measures" and are intended to supplement, and should not be considered as superior to, financial measures presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We believe that non-GAAP financial measures provide information useful to investors in understanding the Company's underlying operational performance and trends and may facilitate comparisons with the performance of other companies in the medical technologies industry. 
 
 As presented in the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations section below, our non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of amortization of intangible assets and certain charges or benefits that contribute to or reduce earnings and that may affect financial trends and include certain charges or benefits that result from transactions or events that we believe may or may not recur with similar materiality or impact to our operations in future periods (Non-GAAP Adjustments). 
 
 In the event there is a Non-GAAP Adjustment recognized in our operating results, the tax cost or benefit attributable to that item is separately calculated and reported. Because the effective rate can be significantly impacted by the Non-GAAP Adjustments that take place during the period, we often refer to our tax rate using both the effective rate and the non-GAAP nominal tax rate (Non-GAAP Nominal Tax Rate). The Non-GAAP Nominal Tax Rate is calculated as the income tax provision, adjusted for the impact of Non-GAAP Adjustments, as a percentage of income before income taxes, excluding Non-GAAP Adjustments. 
 
 Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated by subtracting property, plant, and equipment additions from operating cash flows. 
 
 Refer to the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations," "Income Taxes," and "Free Cash Flow" sections for reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 29 

Table of C ontents 

 EXECUTIVE LEVEL OVERVIEW 
 The following is a summary of revenue, diluted earnings per share, and cash flow for fiscal years 2023 and 2022: 
 
 GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations 
 The tables below present reconciliations of our Non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for fiscal years 2023 and 2022. 
 Fiscal year ended April 28, 2023 (in millions, except per share data) Income Before Income Taxes Income Tax Provision (Benefit) Net Income Attributable to Medtronic Diluted EPS Effective Tax Rate GAAP 5,364 1,580 3,758 2.82 29.5 Non-GAAP Adjustments: Amortization of intangible assets 1,698 255 1,443 1.08 15.0 Restructuring and associated costs (1) 
 647 139 507 0.38 21.5 Acquisition-related items (2) 
 110 21 89 0.07 19.1 Divestiture and separation-related items (3) 
 235 8 227 0.17 3.4 Certain litigation charges, net (4) 
 (30) (8) (23) (0.02) 26.7 (Gain)/loss on minority investments (5) 
 (33) 2 (29) (0.02) (6.1) Medical device regulations (6) 
 150 30 120 0.09 20.0 Debt redemption premium and other charges (7) 
 53 11 42 0.03 20.8 Certain tax adjustments, net (8) 
 (910) 910 0.68 Non-GAAP 8,194 1,128 7,045 5.29 13.8 
 30 

Table of C ontents 

 Fiscal year ended April 29, 2022 (in millions, except per share data) Income Before Income Taxes Income Tax Provision (Benefit) Net Income Attributable to Medtronic Diluted EPS Effective Tax Rate GAAP 5,517 456 5,039 3.73 8.3 Non-GAAP Adjustments: Amortization of intangible assets 1,733 266 1,467 1.09 15.3 Restructuring and associated costs (1) 
 335 54 281 0.21 16.1 Acquisition-related items (2) 
 (43) 5 (48) (0.04) (11.6) Certain litigation charges 95 17 78 0.06 17.9 (Gain)/loss on minority investments (5) 
 (12) (9) (0.01) Medical device regulations (6) 
 102 16 86 0.06 15.7 MCS impairment / costs (9) 
 881 220 661 0.49 25.0 Certain tax adjustments, net (10) 
 50 (50) (0.04) Non-GAAP 8,609 1,084 7,505 5.55 12.6 
 (1) Associated costs include costs incurred as a direct result of the restructuring program, such as salaries for employees supporting the program and consulting expenses. 
 (2) The charges primarily include business combination costs and changes in fair value of contingent consideration. 
 (3) The charges predominantly include non-cash pre-tax impairments, primarily related to goodwill, changes in the carrying value of the disposal group, and other associated costs, as a result of the April 1, 2023 sale of half of the Company's Renal Care Solutions (RCS) business; charges related to the impending separation of the Patient Monitoring and Respiratory Interventions businesses within our Medical Surgical Portfolio in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023; and charges related to an exit of a business which are primarily comprised of inventory write-downs. 
 (4) Certain litigation includes 35 million income related to the one-time payment received as a result of the Intellectual Property Agreement entered into with Edwards Lifesciences on April 12, 2023. 
 (5) We exclude unrealized and realized gains and losses on our minority investments as we do not believe that these components of income or expense have a direct correlation to our ongoing or future business operations. 
 (6) The charges represent estimated incremental costs of complying with the new European Union medical device regulations for previously registered products and primarily include charges for contractors supporting the project and other direct third-party expenses. We consider these costs to be duplicative of previously incurred costs and /or one-time costs, which are limited to a specific period. 
 (7) The charges relate to the early redemption of approximately 2.3 billion of debt and were recorded within interest expense, net within the consolidated statements of income. 
 (8) The charge primarily relates to a 764 million reserve adjustment that was a direct result of the U.S. Tax Court opinion, issued on August 18, 2022, on the previously disclosed litigation regarding the allocation of income between Medtronic, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary operating in Puerto Rico. Additional charges relate to the reduction of deferred tax assets due to the disallowance of certain interest deductions and the change in the reporting currency for certain carryover attributes, and the amortization on previously established deferred tax assets from intercompany intellectual property transactions. 
 (9) The charges relate to the Company s June 2021 decision to stop the distribution and sale of the Medtronic HVAD System within the Mechanical Circulatory Support Operating Unit (MCS). The charges included 515 million of non-cash impairments, primarily related to 409 million of intangible asset impairments, as well as 366 million for commitments and obligations in connection with the decision, including patient support obligations, restructuring, and other associated costs. Medtronic is committed to serving the needs of patients currently implanted with the HVAD System. 
 (10) The net benefit primarily relates to the deferred tax impact associated with a step up in tax basis for Swiss Cantonal purposes and a change in tax rates on deferred taxes associated with intellectual property, which are partially offset by the amortization on previously established deferred tax assets from intercompany intellectual property transactions and a charge related to a change in the Company's permanent reinvestment assertion on certain historical earnings. 
 31 

Table of C ontents 

 Free Cash Flow 
 Free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, is calculated by subtracting additions to property, plant, and equipment from net cash provided by operating activities. Management uses this non-GAAP financial measure, in addition to U.S. GAAP financial measures, to evaluate our operating results. Free cash flow should be considered supplemental to, and not a substitute for, our reported financial results prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Reconciliations between net cash provided by operating activities (the most comparable U.S. GAAP measure) and free cash flow are as follows: 
 Fiscal Year (in millions) 2023 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities 6,039 7,346 Additions to property, plant, and equipment (1,459) (1,368) Free cash flow 4,580 5,978 
 Refer to the Summary of Cash Flows section for drivers of the change in cash provided by operating activities. 
 32 

Table of C ontents 

 NET SALES 
 Segment and Division 
 The charts below illustrate the percent of net sales by segment for fiscal years 2023 and 2022: 
 
 The table below includes net sales by segment and division for fiscal years 2023 and 2022: Net Sales by Fiscal Year Percent Change (in millions) 2023 2022 Cardiac Rhythm Heart Failure 5,835 5,908 (1) Structural Heart Aortic 3,363 3,055 10 Coronary Peripheral Vascular 2,375 2,460 (3) Cardiovascular 11,573 11,423 1 Surgical Innovations 5,663 6,060 (7) Respiratory, Gastrointestinal, Renal 2,770 3,081 (10) Medical Surgical 8,433 9,141 (8) Cranial Spinal Technologies 4,451 4,456 Specialty Therapies 2,815 2,592 9 Neuromodulation 1,693 1,735 (2) Neuroscience 8,959 8,784 2 Diabetes 2,262 2,338 (3) Total 31,227 31,686 (1) 

33 

Table of C ontents 

 Segment and Market Geography 
 The charts below illustrate the percent of net sales by market geography for fiscal years 2023 and 2022: 
 
 The table below includes net sales by market geography for each of our segments for fiscal years 2023 and 2022: 
 U.S. (1) 
 Non-U.S. Developed Markets (2) 
 Emerging Markets (3) 
 (in millions) Fiscal Year 2023 
 Fiscal Year 2022 
 Change Fiscal Year 2023 
 Fiscal Year 2022 
 Change Fiscal Year 2023 
 Fiscal Year 2022 
 Change Cardiovascular 5,848 5,545 5 3,564 3,866 (8) 2,161 2,012 7 Medical Surgical 3,658 3,862 (5) 3,080 3,373 (9) 1,694 1,905 (11) Neuroscience 6,018 5,753 5 1,658 1,801 (8) 1,283 1,229 4 Diabetes 849 974 (13) 1,106 1,085 2 307 279 10 Total 16,373 16,135 1 9,408 10,126 (7) 5,446 5,426 
 (1) U.S. includes the United States and U.S. territories. 
 (2) Non-U.S. developed markets include Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Korea, Canada, and the countries within Western Europe. 
 (3) Emerging markets include the countries of the Middle East, Africa, Latin America, Eastern Europe, and the countries of Asia that are not included in the non-U.S. developed markets, as defined above. 
 The decline in net sales for fiscal year 2023 was primarily driven by unfavorable currency impacts, impact of volume-based procurement tenders and COVID-19 resurgence in China, as well as supply chain challenges in certain businesses, particularly in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. Currency had an unfavorable impact of 1.2 billion on non-U.S. developed markets and 262 million on emerging markets. The decline in net sales was partially offset by growth in certain product lines and businesses, including Micra, Transcatheter Aortic Valve replacements (TAVR), hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke, and ENT, in addition to the 265 million one-time payment received as a result of the Intellectual Property Agreement entered into with Edwards Lifesciences, as further discussed in the Cardiovascular net sales section below. 
 
 34 

Table of C ontents 

 Looking ahead, a number of macro-economic and geopolitical factors could negatively impact our business, including without limitation: 
 Competitive product launches and pricing pressure, geographic macro-economic risks including fluctuations in currency exchange rates, general price inflation, rising interest rates, reimbursement challenges, impacts from changes in the mix of our product offerings, delays in product registration approvals, and replacement cycle challenges; 
 National and provincial/state tender decisions, including around pricing, for certain products, particularly in China; 
 The uncertain and uneven impact of COVID-19 on future procedural volumes, supply constraints including certain electronic components and semiconductors, healthcare staffing in certain regions, and resulting impacts on demand for our products and therapies; and 
 The sanctions and other measures being imposed in response to the Russia-Ukraine conflict are having, and could continue to have impacts on revenue and supply chain. The financial impact of the conflict in fiscal year 2023, including on accounts receivable and inventory reserves, was not material, and for fiscal year 2023, the business of the Company in these countries represented less than 1 of the Company's consolidated revenues and assets. Although the implications of this conflict are difficult to predict at this time, the ongoing conflict may increase pressure on the global economy and supply chains, resulting in increased future volatility risk for our business operations and performance. 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 Cardiovascular products include pacemakers, insertable cardiac monitors, cardiac resynchronization therapy devices, implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICD), leads and delivery systems, electrophysiology catheters, products for the treatment of atrial fibrillation, information systems for the management of patients with Cardiac Rhythm Heart Failure devices, products designed to reduce surgical site infections, coronary and peripheral stents and related delivery systems, balloons and related delivery systems, endovascular stent graft systems, heart valve replacement technologies, cardiac tissue ablation systems, and open heart and coronary bypass grafting surgical products. Cardiovascular also includes Care Management Services and Cath Lab Managed Services (CLMS) within the Cardiac Rhythm Heart Failure division. Cardiovascular net sales for fiscal year 2023 were 11.6 billion, an increase of 1 percent as compared to fiscal year 2022. The net sales increase was primarily due to the strong performance of Micra, TAVR, and Diagnostics, partially offset by unfavorable currency impact of 569 million and supply chain challenges in certain businesses. 
 The charts below illustrate the percent of Cardiovascular net sales by division for fiscal years 2023 and 2022: 
 
 Cardiac Rhythm Heart Failure (CRHF) net sales decreased 1 percent in fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022. The decrease was driven by Cardiac Ablation Solutions experiencing competitive pressures in Western Europe, as well as the pending volume-based procurement (VBP) tenders in China, offset by continued adoption of Micra AV, TYRX antibacterial envelopes, LINQ II implants, and growth from Arctic Front cryoblation catheters in the U.S. 
 35 

Table of C ontents 

 Structural Heart Aortic (SHA) net sales increased 10 percent in fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022. The increase was led by growth in transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR), including the U.S. and Japan. Results include 265 million of revenue from a one-time payment received as a result of the Intellectual Property Agreement (agreement) entered into with Edwards Lifesciences (Edwards) on April 12, 2023. As part of this agreement, Edwards will also pay the Company royalty payments tied to future net sales of certain Edwards products. Net sales growth was negatively impacted by a field corrective action with the Harmony Transcatheter Pulmonary Valve and Delivery Catheter System. 
 Coronary Peripheral Vascular (CPV) net sales decreased 3 percent in fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022. The net sales declines were driven by market procedural volumes in Coronary remaining below pre-COVID levels in several major markets, headwinds related to U.S. hospital contrast shortages early in fiscal year 2023, and declines in Peripheral Vascular Health due to competitors re-entering the market and supply chain challenges. Net sales declines were partially offset by strong demand combined with improved product availability of the SpiderFX embolic protection device (EPD) and strong performance of our superficial venous product portfolio, including the VenaSeal system. 
 In addition to the macro-economic and geopolitical factors described in the Net Sales section, looking ahead, we expect Cardiovascular could be affected by the following: 
 Continued growth of our Micra transcatheter pacing system. Our portfolio consists of Micra VR and Micra AV, which offer leadless pacing therapy to approximately 45 percent of pacemaker patients. We expect the launch of next generation Micra AV2/VR2 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 will continue to support adoption of leadless pacing, as it extends the capability of the Micra portfolio by adding significant battery longevity and programming simplicity. 
 Continued acceptance and growth from the Azure XT and S SureScan pacing systems and the 3830 lead. Azure pacemakers feature Medtronic-exclusive BlueSync technology, which enables automatic, secure wireless remote monitoring with increased device longevity. The 3830 lead, previously labeled for His-bundle pacing, has now been expanded to include left bundle branch area pacing. 
 Growth of the Cobalt and Crome portfolio of ICDs and CRT-Ds. 
 Growth of the CRT-P quadripolar pacing system. 
 Continued growth, adoption, and utilization of the TYRX Envelope for implantable devices. 
 Continued acceptance and expansion of the LINQ II cardiac monitor. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2022, we launched two AccuRhythm AI algorithms on the LINQ II platform to significantly reduce false positive alerts for Atrial Fibrillation and pause episodes while retaining sensitivity for true positive detection and reduce clinic workload and burden. AccuRhythm AI launched in Europe during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. 
 Continued growth of Arctic Front cryoablation for treatment of atrial fibrillation. 
 Acceptance and growth of the Affera Mapping/Navigation System and Sphere 9 mapping/ablation catheter. The system was launched under a limited market release in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 in Western Europe. 
 Continued acceptance and growth of the self-expanding CoreValve Evolut transcatheter aortic valve replacement platform. This includes Evolut PRO which provides enhanced hemodynamics, reliable delivery, enhanced durability, advanced sealing, and Evolut FX, a system designed to improve the overall procedural experience through enhancements in deliverability, implant visibility, and deployment stability. 
 Continued expansion and training of field support to increase coverage in the U.S. centers performing TAVR procedures. 
 Continued acceptance and growth of the Onyx Frontier DES platform. The platform launched in the U.S. in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 and in select international countries in the second quarter of fiscal year 2023. Onyx Frontier is a drug-eluding stent (DES) that introduces an enhanced delivery system and is used for complex percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). 
 Continued acceptance of the VenaSeal Closure System in the U.S. The VenaSeal Closure System is a unique non-thermal solution to address superficial venous disease that provides improved patient comfort, reduces the recovery time, and eliminates the risk of thermal nerve injury. 
 Acceptance and growth of IN.PACT 018 drug-coated balloon (DCB). The product was launched in the U.S. under limited market release in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 with full market release in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. IN.PACT 018 adds to the existing IN.PACT Admiral DCB portfolio and is used to treat femoropopliteal disease. 
 36 

Table of C ontents 

 Market and competitive pressure on sales of the Abre venous self-expanding stent system. Abre is designed for the unique challenges of venous disease. Now backed by 36 months of data, it offers easy deployment and delivers demonstrated endurance, to give patients freedom of movement. 
 Our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval of and commercialize the products within our pipeline, which include, but are not limited to, the Symplicity Spyral Multi-Electrode Renal Denervation Catheter, Pulse Field Ablation, a novel energy source that is non-thermal, and Aurora Extravascular ICD. 
 
 Medical Surgical 
 Medical Surgical s products span the entire continuum of patient care from diagnosis to recovery, with a focus on diseases of the gastrointestinal tract, lungs, pelvic region, kidneys, obesity, and preventable complications. The products include those for advanced and general surgical products, surgical stapling devices, vessel sealing instruments, wound closure, electrosurgery products, hernia mechanical devices, mesh implants, advanced ablation, interventional lung, ventilators, airway products, renal care products, and sensors and monitors for pulse oximetry, capnography, level of consciousness and cerebral oximetry. Medical Surgical s net sales for fiscal year 2023 were 8.4 billion, a decrease of 8 percent as compared to fiscal year 2022. The net sales decrease was primarily driven by unfavorable currency impact of 454 million, provincial volume-based procurement (VBP) stapling tenders in China, and a decline in ventilator sales due to the high COVID-19 demand in the corresponding period in the prior fiscal year. Supply chain disruptions, particularly in Surgical Innovations, also contributed to the net sales decrease for fiscal year 2023. 
 The charts below illustrate the percent of Medical Surgical net sales by division for fiscal years 2023 and 2022: 

Surgical Innovations net sales for fiscal year 2023 decreased 7 percent as compared to fiscal year 2022. The net sales decline was led by Advanced Surgical instruments, driven by global supply chain challenges, including resins, semiconductors, and packaging trays, which impacted energy and stapling products, and provincial VBP stapling tenders and COVID-19 lockdowns in China. These declines were partially offset by growth in Advanced Energy in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. 
 Respiratory, Gastrointestinal, Renal (RGR) net sales for fiscal year 2023 decreased 10 percent as compared to fiscal year 2022. RGR net sales declines were largely due to declines in ventilator demand when compared to the corresponding period in the prior fiscal year as demand dropped below pre-pandemic levels, as well as declines in RCS driven by product availability challenges in the first three quarters of fiscal year 2023, and only two months of sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 as a result of the April 1, 2023 contribution of half of the Company's RCS business to form Mozarc Medical. These declines were partially offset by growth in Gastrointestinal driven by strength in sales of GI Genius. 
 37 

Table of C ontents 

 In addition to the macro-economic and geopolitical factors described in the Net Sales section, looking ahead we expect Medical Surgical could be affected by the following: 
 The pending separation of the combined Patient Monitoring and Respiratory Interventions businesses from the Medical Surgical Portfolio. The Company announced its intention to pursue a separation in October 2022 and expects to complete the separation 18 to 24 months from the announcement date. 
 Acceptance and continued growth of Open-to-MIS (minimally invasive surgery) techniques and tools through our efforts to transition open surgery to MIS. Open-to-MIS initiative focuses on capturing the market opportunity that exists in transitioning open procedures to MIS, whether through traditional MIS, advanced instrumentation, or robotics. Through our approach, in parallel, we also expand our presence and optimize open surgery in current open surgery markets. 
 Continued global acceptance and future growth of powered stapling and energy platform. 
 Our ability to execute ongoing strategies addressing the competitive pressure of reprocessing vessel sealing disposables and growth of our surgical soft tissue robotics procedures in the U.S. 
 Our ability to create markets and drive products and procedures into emerging markets with our high quality and cost-effective surgical products designed for customers in emerging markets. An example is our ValleyLab LS10 single channel vessel sealing generator, which is compatible with our line of LigaSure instruments and designed for simplified use and affordability. 
 Acceptance of less invasive standards of care in gastrointestinal and hepatology products, including products that span the care continuum from diagnostics to therapeutics. Recently launched products include GI Genius and PillCam capsule endoscopy. 
 Expanding the use of less invasive treatments and furthering our commitment to improving options for women with abnormal uterine bleeding. Our expanded and strengthened surgical offerings complement our global gynecology business. 
 Global adoption of robotic-assisted surgery and installations of Hugo robotic assisted surgery (RAS) system for urologic, bariatric, gynecologic, and general surgery procedures. This includes continued integration and adoption of Touch Surgery Enterprise with the first artificial intelligence powered surgical videos and analytics platform to make it easier to train and discover new techniques within the robotics platform. The Hugo RAS system, which received CE Mark in October 2021, as well as secured additional regulatory approvals outside the U.S., is designed to help reduce unwanted variability, improve patient outcomes, and, by extension, lower per procedure cost. 
 Our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval of and commercialize the products within our pipeline, which include, but are not limited to, our Hugo RAS system in the U.S., Signia power stapling devices, and our next-gen Ligasure and Sonicision vessel sealing devices. 
 
 Neuroscience 
 Neuroscience's products include various spinal implants, bone graft substitutes, biologic products, image-guided surgery and intra-operative imaging systems, robotic guidance systems used in the robot-assisted spine procedures, and systems that incorporate advanced energy surgical instruments. Neuroscience's products also focus on therapies to treat the diseases of the vasculature in and around the brain, including coils, neurovascular stents, and flow diversion products, as well as products to treat ear, nose, and throat (ENT), and the treatment of overactive bladder, urinary retention, fecal incontinence. Neuroscience also manufactures products related to implantable neurostimulation therapies and drug delivery systems for the treatment of chronic pain, movement disorders, and epilepsy. Neuroscience s net sales for fiscal year 2023 were 9.0 billion, an increase of 2 percent as compared to fiscal year 2022. The net sales increase was primarily due to growth in U.S. Core Spine, Neurovascular, ENT, and continued supply risk mitigation, partially offset by unfavorable currency impact of 281 million and supply chain challenges in certain businesses. 
 38 

Table of C ontents 

 The graphs below illustrate the percent of Neuroscience net sales by division for fiscal years 2023 and 2022: 
 
 Cranial Spinal Technologies (CST) net sales for fiscal year 2023 were flat as compared to fiscal year 2022 as growth within U.S. Core Spine was offset by net sales declines in Biologics and unfavorable currency impact. The growth in U.S. Core Spine products was driven by the continued adoption of the Aible ecosystem of spine products. The net sales increase was also attributable to strong sales of StealthStation Navigation and Midas Rex powered surgical instruments. The decline in net sales in Biologics was due to supply chain challenges throughout the year. 
 Specialty Therapies (Specialty) net sales for fiscal year 2023 increased 9 percent as compared to fiscal year 2022. The increase was driven by growth in hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke, flow diversion and access delivery products. The net sales increase was also driven by benefits from the May 2022 acquisition of Intersect ENT. 
 Neuromodulation (NM) net sales for fiscal year 2023 decreased 2 percent as compared to fiscal year 2022. The decline in net sales was largely due to declines of Brain Modulation replacement devices and supply chain challenges in Interventional, which has recently seen improvements in product availability. The decline was partially offset by growth within Pain Stim and to a lesser extent, Targeted Drug Delivery. 
 In addition to the macro-economic and geopolitical factors described in the Net Sales section, looking ahead we expect Neuroscience could be affected by the following: 
 Continued adoption and growth of our integrated solutions through the Aible offering, which integrates spinal implants with enabling technologies (StealthStation, O-arm Imaging Systems, and Midas), Mazor robotics, and UNiD Adaptive Spine Intelligence AI-driven technology for surgical planning and personalized spinal implants. 
 Market acceptance and continued global adoption of innovative new spine products and procedural solutions within our CST operating unit, such as Catalyft PL, ModuLeX, CD Horizon Voyager System, and our Infinity OCT System, as well as continued growth from Titan spine titanium interbody implants with Nanolock technology. 
 Continued growth of Pipeline Embolization Devices, endovascular treatments for large or giant wide-necked brain aneurysms. 
 Continued acceptance and growth of the Solitaire X revascularization device for treatment of acute ischemic stroke and our React Catheter and Riptide aspiration system. 
 Strengthening our position in the ENT market as a result of the May 2022 acquisition of Intersect ENT, a global ENT medical technology leader. The acquisition expands Neuroscience's portfolio of products used during ENT procedures and combined with the Company's navigation, powered instruments, and existing tissue health products, offers a broader suite of solutions to assist surgeons treating patients who suffer from chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS). 
 39 

Table of C ontents 

 Continued acceptance and growth of our Pelvic Health and ENT therapies, including our InterStim therapy with InterStim X and InterStim II recharge-free neurostimulators and InterStim Micro rechargeable neurostimulator for patients suffering from overactive bladder, (non-obtrusive) urinary retention, and chronic fecal incontinence, and capital equipment sales of the Stealth Station ENT surgical navigation system and intraoperative NIM nerve monitoring system. 
 Market acceptance and growth from SCS therapy for treating chronic pain and Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy (DPN) on the Intellis rechargeable neurostimulator and Vanta recharge-free neurostimulator. 
 Continued acceptance and growth of our Percept family of DBS devices with proprietary BrainSense technology for objectifying and personalizing the treatment of Parkinson's Disease, epilepsy, and other movement disorders. 
 Ongoing obligations under the U.S. FDA consent decree entered in April 2015 relating to the SynchroMed drug infusion system and the Neuromodulation quality system. The U.S. FDA lifted its distribution requirements on our implantable drug pump in October 2017 and its warning letter in November 2017. 
 Our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval of and commercialize the products within our pipeline, which include our closed-loop Percept devices with adaptive DBS (aDBS) and Inceptiv Neurostimulator, as well as our hemorrhagic stroke intravascular device, and our next-generation spine enabling technologies. 
 
 Diabetes 
 Diabetes' products include insulin pumps, continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) systems, consumables, and smart insulin pen systems. Diabetes' sales for fiscal year 2023 were 2.3 billion, a decrease of 3 percent as compared to fiscal year 2022. The decrease in net sales was primarily driven by unfavorable currency impact of 133 million and declines in the U.S. The net sales declines were partially offset by strong international growth primarily driven by the continued international expansion of the MiniMed 780G insulin pump system and integrated CGM. During April 2023, the U.S. FDA lifted the warning letter received in December 2021. 
 In addition to the macro-economic and geopolitical factors described in the Net Sales section, looking ahead we expect Diabetes could be affected by the following: 
 Continued acceptance and growth for the MiniMed 780G insulin pump system, which is powered by SmartGuard technology and features the added benefits of meal detection technology that automatically adjusts and corrects sugar level levels every five minutes. The global adoption of sensor-augmented insulin pump systems has resulted in strong sensor attachment rates. The MiniMed 780G insulin pump system with the Guardian 4 Sensor was approved by the U.S. FDA in late April 2023. 
 Continued acceptance and growth of the Guardian Connect CGM system, which displays glucose information directly to a smartphone to help ensure patients have access to their glucose levels seamlessly and discretely. The Guardian Connect CGM system is available on both Apple iOS and Android devices. 
 Market acceptance and growth of our InPen smart pen system, which allows users to have their Medtronic CGM readings in real-time alongside insulin dose information, all in one view. 
 Continued pump, CGM, and consumable competition in an expanding global market. 
 Changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs, along with additional payor coverage on insulin pumps. 
 Our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval of and commercialize the products within our pipeline, including our next-generation sensor Simplera, which has been submitted to the U.S. FDA. 
 40 

Table of C ontents 

 COSTS AND EXPENSES 
 The following is a summary of cost of products sold, research and development, and selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales: 
 
 Cost of Products Sold Cost of products sold for fiscal year 2023 was 10.7 billion as compared to 10.1 billion for fiscal year 2022. The increase in cost of products sold as a percentage of net sales was primarily attributable to increased labor and direct material manufacturing costs, predominantly due to inflationary pressures and supply chain challenges, increased freight due to higher fuel costs and expedited shipments for backorders resulting from supply chain challenges, as well as increased inventory reserves. Fiscal year 2022 included 58 million of inventory write-downs associated with our June 2021 decision to stop the distribution and sale of Medtronic's HVAD System (MCS charges). Looking forward, our cost of products sold likely will be further negatively impacted by inflation and higher labor and direct material costs. We continue to focus on reducing our costs of production through supplier management, manufacturing improvements, and optimizing our manufacturing network. 
 Research and Development Expense We remain committed to deliver the best possible experiences for patients, physicians, and caregivers we serve; to create technologies that expand what s possible across the human body to transform lives; to turn data and insights into real action to serve patient needs, improving care; and to expand healthcare access and deliver positive outcomes. Research and development expense for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 was 2.7 billion. Fiscal year 2022 included 101 million of expense related to acquisitions of, and license payments for, technology not approved by regulators, primarily in our Diabetes segment. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expense Our goal is to continue to leverage selling, general, and administrative expense initiatives. Selling, general, and administrative expense primarily consists of salaries and wages, other administrative costs, such as professional fees and marketing expenses, certain acquisition, divestiture and separation-related costs, and restructuring expenses. Selling, general, and administrative expense for fiscal year 2023 was 10.4 billion as compared to 10.3 billion for fiscal year 2022. The increase in selling, general, and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales was primarily driven by employee travel, and to a lesser extent by lower net sales, partially offset by a reduction in professional services. 
 
 The following is a summary of other costs and expenses (income): 
 Fiscal Year (in millions) 2023 2022 Amortization of intangible assets 1,698 1,733 Restructuring charges, net 375 60 Certain litigation charges, net (30) 95 Other operating (income) expense, net (131) 862 Other non-operating income, net (515) (318) Interest expense, net 636 553 
 41 

Table of C ontents 

 Amortization of Intangible Assets Amortization of intangible assets includes the amortization expense of our definite-lived intangible assets, consisting of purchased patents, trademarks, tradenames, customer relationships, purchased technology, and other intangible assets. 
 
 Restructuring Charges, Net 
 In fiscal years 2023 and 2022, restructuring costs primarily related to Enterprise Excellence and Simplification restructuring programs, both of which were substantially completed as of the end of this fiscal year. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, we incurred 0.3 billion of restructuring charges primarily related to employee termination benefits to support cost reduction initiatives. These charges were incremental to charges incurred under our Enterprise Excellence and Simplification programs noted above. 
 For all programs, employee-related costs primarily consist of termination benefits provided to employees who have been involuntarily terminated and voluntary early retirement benefits. Associated costs primarily include salaries and wages of employees that are fully-dedicated to restructuring programs and consulting fees. 
 For additional information about our restructuring programs, refer to Note 4 of the consolidated financial statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Certain Litigation Charges, Net We classify specified certain litigation charges and gains related to significant legal matters as certain litigation charges, net in the consolidated statements of income. For additional information, refer to Note 18 of the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Other Operating (Income) Expense, Net Other operating (income) expense, net primarily includes royalty expense, currency remeasurement and derivative gains and losses, Puerto Rico excise taxes, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration, MCS charges, RCS charges, impairment charges, income from funded research and development arrangements, and commitments to the Medtronic Foundation and Medtronic LABS. 
 The change in other operating (income) expense, net was primarily driven by MCS charges recorded in fiscal year 2022. The MCS charges of 823 million primarily included 409 million of intangible asset impairments and 366 million for commitments and obligations, including customer support obligations, restructuring, and other associated costs. Additionally, the change was driven by the net currency impact of remeasurement expense and our hedging programs, which resulted in a net gain of 466 million combined for fiscal year 2023 as compared to a net gain of 70 million for fiscal year 2022. During fiscal year 2023, the Company also recorded non-cash pre-tax charges of 136 million, primarily related to impairments of goodwill and changes in the carrying value of the disposal group, as a result of the April 1, 2023 sale of half of the Company's RCS business. Additional information regarding the MCS and RCS charges is described in Note 4 and Note 3, respectively, of the consolidated financial statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Other Non-Operating Income, Net Other non-operating income, net includes the non-service component of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost, investment gains and losses, and interest income. 
 The increase in other non-operating income, net for fiscal year 2023 is primarily attributable to an increase in interest income driven by higher returns on investments and an increase in rates on our global liquidity structures. Interest income was 386 million and 186 million for fiscal year 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net Interest expense, net includes interest incurred on our outstanding borrowings, amortization of debt issuance costs and debt premiums or discounts, amortization of amounts excluded from the effectiveness assessment of certain net investment hedges, and charges recognized in connection with the early redemption of senior notes. 
 The increase in interest expense, net for fiscal year 2023 was primarily due to an increase in rates on our global liquidity structures, the issuance of four tranches of Euro-denominated Senior Notes with an aggregate principal of 3.5 billion in September 2022, and the 53 million charge incurred as a result of the early redemption of approximately 2.3 billion of senior notes during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. The Company's commercial paper activity and the issuance of two tranches of USD-denominated Senior Notes with an aggregate principal of 2.0 billion in March 2023 also increased interest expense, net. Partially offsetting the increase for fiscal year 2023 was 107 million in after-tax unrealized gains representing amounts excluded from the effectiveness assessment of certain net investment hedges, and benefits from foreign exchange rates. 
 42 

Table of C ontents 

 INCOME TAXES Fiscal Year (in millions) 2023 2022 Income tax provision 1,580 456 Income before income taxes 5,364 5,517 Effective tax rate 29.5 8.3 Non-GAAP income tax provision 1,128 1,084 Non-GAAP income before income taxes 8,194 8,609 Non-GAAP Nominal Tax Rate 13.8 12.6 Difference between the effective tax rate and Non-GAAP Nominal Tax Rate (15.7) 4.3 
 On August 18, 2022, the U.S. Tax Court (Tax Court) issued its opinion on the previously disclosed litigation regarding the allocation of income between Medtronic, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary operating in Puerto Rico for fiscal years 2005 and 2006 (Opinion). While the Opinion rejected the IRS s position and the Tax Court determined the methodology advanced by Medtronic was appropriate for purposes of determining the intercompany royalty rate between Puerto Rico and the U.S., it determined that the royalty rate should be higher, thereby increasing income allocated to the U.S. and consequently subject to U.S. tax. This case relates only to fiscal years 2005 and 2006. The Opinion remains subject to appeal by either or both parties. We have assumed the Tax Court findings will be applied for all years following fiscal year 2006. As a result, the Company recorded a 764 million net tax charge during the three months ended October 28, 2022 to recognize the estimated tax impact of the Tax Court Opinion. 
 Our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2023 was 29.5 percent, as compared to 8.3 percent in fiscal year 2022. The increase in our effective tax rate primarily relates to the certain tax adjustments discussed below and year-over-year changes in operational results by jurisdiction. 
 Our Non-GAAP Nominal Tax Rate for fiscal year 2023 was 13.8 percent, as compared to 12.6 percent in fiscal year 2022. The increase in our Non-GAAP Nominal Tax Rate primarily relates to year-over-year changes in operational results by jurisdiction. 
 During fiscal year 2023, we recognized 110 million of operational tax benefits. The operational tax benefits included an 11 million cost from the impact of stock-based compensation, and a 121 million benefit associated with the resolution of certain income tax audits, finalization of certain tax returns, changes to uncertain tax position reserves, and changes to certain deferred income tax balances. 
 During fiscal year 2022, we recognized 89 million of operational tax benefits. The operational tax benefits included a 46 million benefit from excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation, and a 43 million net benefit associated with the resolution of certain income tax audits, finalization of certain tax returns, changes to uncertain tax position reserves, and changes to certain deferred income tax balances. 
 An increase in our Non-GAAP Nominal Tax Rate of one percent would result in an additional income tax provision for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 of approximately 82 million and 86 million, respectively. 
 Certain Tax Adjustments 
 During fiscal year 2023, the net cost from certain tax adjustments of 910 million, recognized in income tax provision in the consolidated statement of income, included the following: 
 A net cost of 764 million associated with a reserve adjustment that was a direct result of the U.S. Tax Court opinion, issued on August 18, 2022, on the previously disclosed litigation regarding the allocation of income between Medtronic, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary operating in Puerto Rico. 
 A cost of 55 million related to the disallowance of certain interest deductions. 
 A cost of 30 million related to the change in reporting currency for certain carryover attributes. 
 A cost of 28 million associated with the amortization of the previously established deferred tax assets from intercompany intellectual property transactions. 
 A net cost of 33 million primarily associated with the sale of half of the Company s RCS business 
 During fiscal year 2022, the net benefit from certain tax adjustments of 50 million, recognized in income tax provision in the consolidated statement of income, included the following: 
 43 

Table of C ontents 

 A benefit of 82 million associated with a step up in tax basis for Swiss Cantonal purposes. 
 A benefit of 82 million related to a change in tax rates on intangible assets. 
 A cost of 47 million associated with the amortization of the previously established deferred tax assets from intercompany intellectual property transactions. 
 A cost of 41 million associated with a change in the Company s permanent reinvestment assertion on certain historical earnings. 
 A net cost of 26 million primarily associated with an intercompany sale of assets. 
 Certain tax adjustments will affect the comparability of our operating results between periods. Therefore, we consider these Non-GAAP Adjustments. Refer to the "Executive Level Overview" section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion of these adjustments. 
 Subsequent to year-end, on June 1, 2023 the Israeli Central-Lod District Court issued its decision in Medtronic Ventor Technologies Ltd v. Kfar Saba Assessing Office. The court determined that there was a deemed taxable transfer of intellectual property. At this time, the Company is evaluating the impact of the decision and whether or not it will appeal. The Company has currently estimated a potential income tax charge, including interest, of approximately 200 million. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 We are currently in a strong financial position, and we believe our balance sheet and liquidity as of April 28, 2023 provide us with flexibility, and our cash, cash equivalents, and current investments, along with our credit facility and related commercial paper programs will satisfy our foreseeable operating needs. 
 Our liquidity and capital structure are evaluated regularly within the context of our annual operating and strategic planning processes. We consider the liquidity necessary to fund our operations, which includes working capital needs, investments in research and development, property, plant, and equipment, and other operating costs. We also consider capital allocation alternatives that balance returning value to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, satisfying maturing debt, and acquiring businesses and technology. 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 The following is a summary of cash provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities, the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, and the net change in cash and cash equivalents: Fiscal Year (in millions) 2023 2022 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 6,039 7,346 Investing activities (3,493) (1,659) Financing activities (4,960) (5,336) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 243 (231) Net change in cash and cash equivalents (2,171) 121 
 
 Operating Activities The 1.3 billion decrease in net cash provided was primarily driven by a decrease in cash collected from customers, an increase in cash paid for income taxes and an increase in spend on inventory. The decrease in net cash provided was partially offset by timing of payments to vendors. The decrease in cash collected from customers was primarily related to timing of sales, slower collections and supply chain challenges, as compared to the prior fiscal year. The increase in cash paid for income taxes was due to estimated income tax payments including a cash deposit associated with the U.S. Tax Court Opinion, and the increase in spend for inventory was due to inflationary impacts to direct labor and material costs. For more information about the tax cash deposit paid, refer to Note 13 of the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Investing Activities The 1.8 billion increase in net cash used was primarily attributable to an increase in cash paid for acquisitions of 1.8 billion as compared to fiscal year 2022. For more information on the acquisitions, refer to Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Financing Activities The 376 million decrease in net cash used as compared to fiscal year 2022 was primarily driven by a decrease of 1.9 billion in share repurchases, offset by debt transactions. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Company issued two tranches of USD-denominated Senior Notes resulting in cash proceeds of approximately 2.0 billion, net of discounts and issuance costs. The Company used the net proceeds to repay in full the 297 billion Fiscal 2023 Loan Agreement discussed below for 2.3 billion of total consideration. In the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Company issued four tranches of Euro-denominated Senior Notes for approximately 
 44 

Table of C ontents 

 3.4 billion. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds to repay at maturity 750 million of Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes for 772 million of total consideration in December 2022 and 2.8 billion of Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes for 2.9 billion of total consideration in March 2023. In the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Company issued short-term borrowings of approximately 2.3 billion under the Fiscal 2023 Loan Agreement and used the proceeds to fund the early redemption of senior notes for total consideration of 2.3 billion. For more information on the issuance and redemption of senior notes and the Term Loan, refer to the Debt and Capital section. 
 
 Debt and Capital 
 Our capital structure consists of equity and interest-bearing debt. We primarily utilize unsecured senior debt obligations to meet our financing needs and, to a lesser extent, bank borrowings. From time to time, we may repurchase our outstanding debt obligations in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. 
 Total debt at April 28, 2023 was 24.4 billion, as compared to 24.1 billion at April 29, 2022. The increase in total debt was driven by issuance of Euro-denominated and USD-denominated Senior Notes, and fluctuations in exchange rates, offset by repayment of Euro-denominated and USD-denominated Senior Notes. 
 In May 2022, we entered into a term loan agreement (Fiscal 2023 Loan Agreement) with Mizuho Bank, Ltd. for an aggregate principal amount of up to 300 billion with a term of 364 days. In May and June 2022, Medtronic Luxco borrowed an aggregate of 297 billion, or approximately 2.3 billion, of the term loan, under the Fiscal 2023 Loan Agreement. The Company used the net proceeds of the borrowings to fund the early redemption of 1.9 billion of Medtronic Inc. Senior Notes for 1.9 billion of total consideration, and 368 million of Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes for 376 million of total consideration. The Company recognized a total loss on debt extinguishment of 53 million within interest expense, net in the consolidated statements of income during fiscal year 2023, which primarily included cash premiums and accelerated amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts and premiums. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Company repaid the term loan in full, including interest. 
 In September 2022, we issued four tranches of Euro-denominated Senior Notes with an aggregate principal of 3.5 billion, with maturities ranging from fiscal year 2026 to 2035, resulting in cash proceeds of approximately 3.4 billion, net of discounts and issuance costs. The Company used the net proceeds to repay at maturity 750 million of 0.000 Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes for 772 million of total consideration in December 2022 and 1.5 billion of 0.375 Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes and 1.25 billion of 0.000 Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes for 2.9 billion of total consideration in March 2023. 
 In March 2023, Medtronic Luxco issued two tranches of USD-denominated Senior Notes with an aggregate principal of 2.0 billion, with maturities ranging from 2028 to 2033, resulting in cash proceeds of approximately 2.0 billion, net of discounts and issuance costs. The Company used the net proceeds supplemented by additional cash to repay the 297 billion Fiscal 2023 Loan Agreement discussed above for 2.3 billion of total consideration. 
 We repurchase our ordinary shares on occasion as part of our focus on returning value to our shareholders. In March 2019, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of 6.0 billion of the Company's ordinary shares. There is no specific time period associated with these repurchase authorizations. During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we repurchased a total of 6 million and 22 million shares, respectively, under these programs at an average price of 91.31 and 113.11, respectively. At April 28, 2023, we had approximately 2.4 billion remaining under the share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors. 
 For more information on credit arrangements, see Note 6 of the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Liquidity 
 Our liquidity sources at April 28, 2023 included 1.5 billion of cash and cash equivalents and 6.4 billion of current investments. Additionally, we maintain commercial paper programs and a Credit Facility. 
 Our investments primarily include available-for-sale debt securities, including U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency securities, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, certificates of deposit, and other asset-backed securities. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding fair value measurements. 
 We maintain multicurrency commercial paper programs for short-term financing, which allow us to issue unsecured commercial paper notes on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of 3.5 billion. At both April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, we had no commercial paper outstanding. The issuance of commercial paper reduces the amount of credit available under our existing line of credit, as explained below. 
 45 

Table of C ontents 

 We also have a 3.5 billion five-year syndicated credit facility (Credit Facility), which expires in December 2027. At each anniversary date of the Credit Facility, we can request a one-year extension of the maturity date. The Credit Facility provides backup funding for the commercial paper programs and may also be used for general corporate purposes. The Credit Facility provides us with the ability to increase our borrowing capacity by an additional 1.0 billion at any time during the term of the agreement. At April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, no amounts were outstanding under the Credit Facility. 
 Interest rates on advances of our Credit Facility are determined by a pricing matrix based on our long-term debt ratings assigned by Standard Poor's Ratings Services (S P) and Moody's Investors Service (Moody s). Facility fees are payable on the Credit Facility and are determined in the same manner as the interest rates. We are in compliance with all covenants related to the Credit Facility. 
 The following table is a summary of our S P and Moody's long-term debt ratings and short-term debt ratings: 
 Agency Rating (1) 
 April 28, 2023 April 29, 2022 Standard Poor's Ratings Services Long-term debt A A Short-term debt A-1 A-1 Moody's Investors Service Long-term debt A3 A3 Short-term debt P-2 P-2 
 (1) Agency ratings are subject to change, and there may be no assurance that an agency will continue to provide ratings and/or maintain its current ratings. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating agency, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 S P and Moody's long-term debt ratings and short-term debt ratings at April 28, 2023 were unchanged as compared to the ratings at April 29, 2022. We do not expect the S P and Moody's ratings to have a significant impact on our liquidity or future flexibility to access additional liquidity given our balance sheet, Credit Facility, and related commercial paper programs. 
 
 46 

Table of C ontents 

 Contractual Obligations and Cash Requirements 
 We have future contractual obligations and other minimum commercial commitments that are entered into in the normal course of business, some of which are recorded in our consolidated balance sheet. We believe our off-balance sheet arrangements do not have a material current or anticipated future effect on our consolidated earnings, financial position, and/or cash flows. 
 Presented below is a summary of our off-balance sheet contractual obligations and other minimum commercial commitments at April 28, 2023, as well as long-term contractual obligations reflected in the balance sheet at April 28, 2023. 
 Maturity by Fiscal Year (in millions) Total 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Contractual obligations related to off-balance sheet arrangements: Commitments to fund minority investments, milestone payments, and royalty obligations (1) 
 397 155 91 93 38 18 3 Interest payments (2) 
 7,476 531 522 522 505 487 4,908 Other (3) 
 2,022 688 396 300 278 239 122 Contractual obligations reflected in the balance sheet (4) : 
 Debt obligations (5) 
 24,553 20 7 2,750 1,652 1,005 19,119 Operating leases 1,160 204 171 144 121 94 426 Contingent consideration (6) 
 206 28 49 73 56 Tax obligations (7) 
 1,320 330 440 550 
 (1) Includes commitments related to the funding of minority investments, estimated milestone payments, and royalty obligations. While it is not certain if and/or when payments will be made, the maturity dates included in the table reflect our best estimates. 
 (2) Includes the contractual interest payments on our outstanding debt and excludes the impacts of debt premium and discount amortization. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our debt agreements. 
 (3) Includes inventory purchase commitments, research and development, and other arrangements that are legally binding and specify minimum purchase quantities or spending amounts. These purchase commitments do not exceed our projected requirements and are in the normal course of business. Excludes open purchase orders with a remaining term of less than one year. 
 (4) Excludes defined benefit plan obligations, guarantee obligations, uncertain tax positions, non-current tax liabilities, and litigation settlements for which we cannot make a reliable estimate of the period of cash settlement. For further information, see Notes 13, 15, and 18 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (5) Includes the current and non-current portion of our Senior Notes and bank borrowings. Excludes debt premium and discounts and commercial paper. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our debt agreements. 
 (6) Includes the fair value of our current and non-current portions of contingent consideration. While it is not certain if and/or when payments will be made, the maturity dates included in this table reflect our best estimates. 
 (7) Represents the tax obligations associated with the transition tax that resulted from U.S. Tax Reform. The transition tax will be paid over an eight-year period and will not accrue interest. See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 In the normal course of business, we periodically enter into agreements that require us to indemnify customers or suppliers for specific risks, such as claims for injury or property damage arising as a result of our products or the negligence of our personnel or claims alleging that our products infringe third-party patents or other intellectual property. Our maximum exposure under these indemnification provisions is unable to be estimated, and we have not accrued any liabilities within our consolidated financial statements or included any indemnification provisions in the table above. Historically, we have not experienced significant losses on these types of indemnification agreements. 
 Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K provides information regarding amounts we have accrued related to legal matters. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we record a liability in our consolidated financial statements for these matters when a loss is known or considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Actual settlements may be different than estimated and could have a material effect on our consolidated earnings, financial position, and/or cash flows. 
 We record tax liabilities in our consolidated financial statements for amounts that we expect to repatriate from subsidiaries (to the extent the repatriation would be subject to tax); however, no tax liabilities are recorded for amounts we consider to be permanently reinvested. We expect to have access to the majority of our cash flows in the future. In addition, we continue to evaluate our legal entity structure supporting our business operations, and to the extent such evaluation results in a change to our overall business structure, we may be required to accrue for additional tax obligations. 
 47 

Table of C ontents 

 Beyond the contractual obligations and other minimum commercial commitments outlined above, we have recurring cash requirements arising from the normal operation of our business that include capital expenditures, research and developments costs, and other operational costs. 
 We believe our balance sheet and liquidity provide us with flexibility, and our cash, cash equivalents, current investments, Credit Facility and related commercial paper programs, as well as our ability to generate operating cash flows, will satisfy our current and future contractual obligations and cash requirements. We regularly review our capital needs and consider various investing and financing alternatives to support our requirements. 
 
 ACQUISITIONS 
 EOFlow Co. Ltd Acquisition 
 Subsequent to fiscal year 2023, on May 25, 2023, the Company entered into a set of definitive agreements to acquire EOFlow Co. Ltd. (EOFlow), manufacturer of the EOPatch device a tubeless, wearable and fully disposable insulin delivery device. The acquisition expands the Diabetes segment portfolio of products. To the extent that all the public shares participate in the tender offer, the total consideration for the acquisition of the shares in EOFlow would be KRW 971 billion, or 738 million, at exchange rates on May 25, 2023. The acquisition is expected to close in the second half of calendar year 2023 subject to the satisfaction of the minimum tender condition and certain customary closing conditions, including receipt of required regulatory clearances. 
 Additional information regarding acquisitions is included in Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 We have used various accounting policies to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are disclosed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements, in conformity with U.S. GAAP, requires us to use judgment in making estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. These estimates reflect our best judgment about economic and market conditions and the potential effects on the valuation and/or carrying value of assets and liabilities based upon relevant information available. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. 
 Our critical accounting estimates include the following: 
 Revenue Recognition The Company sells its products through direct sales representatives and independent distributors. Additionally, a portion of the Company's revenue is generated from consignment inventory maintained at hospitals and royalty and intellectual property arrangements. The Company recognizes revenue when control is transferred to the customer. For products sold through direct sales representatives and independent distributors, control is transferred upon shipment or upon delivery, based on the contract terms and legal requirements. For consignment inventory, control is transferred when the product is used or implanted. Payment terms vary depending on the country of sale, type of customer, and type of product. 
 The amount of revenue recognized reflects sales rebates and returns, which are estimated based on sales terms, historical experience, and trend analysis. In estimating rebates, the Company considers the lag time between the point of sale and the payment of the rebate claim, the stated rebate rates, and other relevant information. The Company records adjustments to rebates and returns reserves as increases or decreases of revenue. 
 Litigation Contingencies We are involved in a number of legal actions involving product liability, intellectual property and commercial disputes, shareholder related matters, environmental proceedings, tax disputes, and governmental proceedings and investigations. The outcomes of these legal actions are not completely within our control and may not be known for prolonged periods of time. In some actions, the enforcement agencies or private claimants seek damages, as well as other civil or criminal remedies (including injunctions barring the sale of products that are the subject of the proceeding), that could require significant expenditures or result in lost revenues or limit our ability to conduct business in the applicable jurisdictions. Estimating probable losses from our litigation and governmental proceedings is inherently difficult, particularly when the matters are in early procedural stages, with incomplete scientific facts or legal discovery; involve unsubstantiated or indeterminate claims for damages; potentially involve penalties, fines, or punitive damages; or could result in a change in business practice. The Company records a liability in the consolidated financial statements for loss contingencies when a loss is known or considered probable, and the amount may be reasonably estimated. If the reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss is a range, and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other, the minimum amount of the range is accrued. If a loss is reasonably possible but not known or probable, and may be reasonably estimated, the estimated loss or range of loss is disclosed. Our significant legal proceedings 
 48 

Table of C ontents 

 are discussed in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Income Tax Reserves We establish reserves when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable, we believe that certain positions are likely to be challenged and that we may or may not prevail. Under U.S. GAAP, if we determine that a tax position is more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, based solely on the technical merits of the position, we recognize the benefit. We measure the benefit by determining the amount that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. We presume that all tax positions will be examined by a taxing authority with full knowledge of all relevant information. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. We regularly monitor our tax positions and tax liabilities. We reevaluate the technical merits of our tax positions and recognize an uncertain tax benefit, or derecognize a previously recorded tax benefit, when there is (i) a completion of a tax audit, (ii) effective settlement of an issue, (iii) a change in applicable tax law including a tax case or legislative guidance, or (iv) the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. These reserves are subject to a high degree of estimation and management judgment. Although we believe that we have adequately reserved for liabilities resulting from tax assessments by taxing authorities, positions taken by these tax authorities could have a material impact on our effective tax rate, consolidated earnings, financial position and/or cash flows. 
 Valuation of Intangible Assets and Goodwill When we acquire a business, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective fair values at the acquisition date. Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets of acquired businesses. Intangible assets primarily include patents, trademarks, tradenames, customer relationships, purchased technology, and in-process research and development. Determining the fair value of intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination requires us to make significant estimates. These estimates include the amount and timing of projected future cash flows of each project or technology, the discount rate used to discount those cash flows to present value, and the assessment of the asset s life cycle. The estimates could be impacted by legal, technical, regulatory, economic, and competitive risks. 
 The test for impairment of goodwill requires us to make several estimates related to projected future cash flows to determine the fair value of the goodwill reporting units. Our estimates associated with the goodwill impairment test are considered critical due to the amount of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheets and the judgment required in determining fair value. We assess the impairment of goodwill at the reporting unit level annually as of the first day of the third quarter and whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that the carrying amount may be impaired. 
 We also test definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount of the assets or asset group may be impaired. We assess the impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually in the third quarter and whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that the carrying amount may be impaired. 
 Our tests for goodwill and intangible assets are based on future cash flows that require significant judgment with respect to future revenue and expense growth rates, appropriate discount rates, asset groupings, and other assumptions and estimates. We use estimates that are consistent with the highest and best use of the assets based on a market participant's view of the assets being evaluated. Actual results may differ from our estimates due to a number of factors including, among others, changes in competitive conditions, timing of regulatory approval, results of clinical trials, changes in worldwide economic conditions, and fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 Information regarding new accounting pronouncements is included in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 49 

Table of C ontents 

 SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Medtronic plc and Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A. (Medtronic Luxco), a wholly-owned subsidiary guarantor, each have provided full and unconditional guarantees of the obligations of Medtronic, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary issuer, under the Senior Notes (Medtronic Senior Notes) and full and unconditional guarantees of the obligations of Covidien International Finance S.A. (CIFSA), a wholly-owned subsidiary issuer, under the Senior Notes (CIFSA Senior Notes). The guarantees of the CIFSA Senior Notes are in addition to the guarantees of the CIFSA Senior Notes by Covidien Ltd. and Covidien Group Holdings Ltd., both of which are wholly-owned subsidiary guarantors of the CIFSA Senior Notes. Medtronic plc and Medtronic, Inc. each have provided a full and unconditional guarantee of the obligations of Medtronic Luxco under the Senior Notes (Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes). The following is a summary of these guarantees: 
 Guarantees of Medtronic Senior Notes 
 Parent Company Guarantor - Medtronic plc 
 Subsidiary Issuer - Medtronic, Inc. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor - Medtronic Luxco 
 Guarantees of Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes 
 Parent Company Guarantor - Medtronic plc 
 Subsidiary Issuer - Medtronic Luxco 
 Subsidiary Guarantor - Medtronic, Inc. 
 Guarantees of CIFSA Senior Notes 
 Parent Company Guarantor - Medtronic plc 
 Subsidiary Issuer - CIFSA 
 Subsidiary Guarantors - Medtronic Luxco, Covidien Ltd., and Covidien Group Holdings Ltd. (CIFSA Subsidiary Guarantors) 
 The following tables present summarized financial information for the fiscal year ended April 28, 2023 for the obligor groups of Medtronic and Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes, and CIFSA Senior Notes. The obligor group consists of the parent company guarantor, subsidiary issuer, and subsidiary guarantors for the applicable senior notes. The summarized financial information is presented after elimination of (i) intercompany transactions and balances among the guarantors and issuers and (ii) equity in earnings from and investments in any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor or issuer. 
 The summarized results of operations information for the fiscal year ended April 28, 2023 was as follows: 
 (in millions) Medtronic Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes (1) 
 CIFSA Senior Notes (2) 
 Net sales 2,847 Operating profit (loss) 608 (407) Loss before income taxes (913) (1,868) Net loss attributable to Medtronic (1,705) (1,861) 
 The summarized balance sheet information for the fiscal year ended April 28, 2023 was as follows: 
 (in millions) Medtronic Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes (1) 
 CIFSA Senior Notes (2) 
 Total current assets (3) 
 23,198 8,344 Total noncurrent assets (4) 
 5,897 3 Total current liabilities (5) 
 33,854 25,184 Total noncurrent liabilities (6) 
 59,624 66,449 Noncontrolling interests 182 182 
 
 (1) The Medtronic Senior Notes and Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes obligor group consists of the following entities: Medtronic plc, Medtronic Luxco, and Medtronic, Inc. Refer to the guarantee summary above for further details. 
 (2) The CIFSA Senior Notes obligor group consists of the following entities: Medtronic plc, Medtronic Luxco, CIFSA, and CIFSA Subsidiary Guarantors. Please refer to the guarantee summary above for further details. 
 (3) Includes receivables due from non-guarantor subsidiaries of 22.5 billion and 8.3 billion for Medtronic Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes, and CIFSA Senior Notes, respectively. 
 (4) Includes loans receivable due from non-guarantor subsidiaries of 20 million for Medtronic Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes. No loans receivable due from non-guarantor subsidiaries for CIFSA Senior Notes. 
 (5) Includes payables due to non-guarantor subsidiaries of 31.8 billion and 25.0 billion for Medtronic Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes, and CIFSA Senior Notes, respectively. 
 (6) Includes loans payable due to non-guarantor subsidiaries of 33.1 billion and 46.7 billion for Medtronic Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes, and CIFSA Senior Notes, respectively. 
 50 

Table of C ontents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK 
 Due to the global nature of our operations, we are exposed to currency exchange rate changes, which may cause fluctuations in earnings and cash flows. Fluctuations in the currency exchange rates of currency exposures that are unhedged, such as in certain emerging markets, may result in future earnings and cash flow volatility. The gross notional amount of all currency exchange rate derivative instruments outstanding at April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022 was 22.0 billion and 13.8 billion, respectively. At April 28, 2023, these contracts were in a net unrealized gain position of 132 million. Additional information regarding our currency exchange rate derivative instruments is included in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 A sensitivity analysis of changes in the fair value of all currency exchange rate derivative contracts at April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022 indicates that, if the U.S. dollar uniformly strengthened/weakened by 10 percent against all currencies, it would have the following impact on the fair value of these contracts: 
 Increase (decrease) (in millions) April 28, 2023 April 29, 2022 10 appreciation in the U.S. dollar 1,548 903 10 depreciation in the U.S. dollar (1,548) (903) 
 
 Any gains and losses on the fair value of derivative contracts would generally be offset by gains and losses on the underlying transactions. These offsetting gains and losses are not reflected in the above analysis. 
 INTEREST RATE RISK 
 We are subject to interest rate risk on our short-term investments and our borrowings. We manage interest rate risk in the aggregate, while focusing on our immediate and intermediate liquidity needs. Our debt portfolio at April 28, 2023 was comprised of debt predominantly denominated in U.S. dollars and Euros, of which substantially all is fixed rate debt. We are also exposed to interest rate changes affecting our investments in interest rate sensitive instruments, which include our marketable debt securities. 
 A sensitivity analysis of the impact on our interest rate-sensitive financial instruments of a hypothetical 10 basis point change in interest rates, as compared to interest rates at April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, would have the following impact on the fair value of these instruments: 
 Increase (decrease) (in millions) April 28, 2023 April 29, 2022 10 basis point increase in interest rates 63 53 10 basis point decrease in interest rates (63) (53) 
 For a discussion of current market conditions and the impact on our financial condition and results of operations, see the Liquidity section of the Management's Discussion and Analysis in "Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For additional discussion of market risk, see Notes 5 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 51 

Table of C ontents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Medtronic plc 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Medtronic plc and its subsidiaries (the Company as of April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 28, 2023, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended April 28, 2023 appearing under Item 15 (a)(1) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of April 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 28, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 52 

Table of C ontents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Income Tax Reserve for the Uncertain Tax Position Related to Puerto Rico Manufacturing 
 As described in Notes 13 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements, management records reserves for uncertain tax positions related to unresolved matters with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other taxing authorities. A remaining unresolved issue with the IRS relates to the allocation of income between Medtronic, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary operating in Puerto Rico, which is one of the Company's manufacturing sites. These reserves are subject to a high degree of estimation and management judgment. During fiscal year 2023, management recognized an increase of 764 million associated with the August 18, 2022 U.S. Tax Court (Tax Court) Opinion on the previously disclosed litigation related to the allocation of income between Medtronic, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary operating in Puerto Rico for fiscal years 2005 and 2006 (Opinion). While the Opinion rejected the IRS s position and the Tax Court determined the methodology advanced by Medtronic was appropriate for purposes of determining the intercompany royalty rate between Puerto Rico and the U.S., the Tax Court determined that the royalty rate should be higher, thereby increasing income allocated to the U.S. and consequently subject to U.S. tax. This case relates only to fiscal years 2005 and 2006. The Opinion remains subject to appeal by either or both parties. The Company has assumed the Tax Court findings will be applied for all years following fiscal year 2006. Total reserves relating to uncertain tax positions as of April 28, 2023 were 2.682 billion, of which the Puerto Rico manufacturing reserve makes up a significant portion. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the income tax reserve for the uncertain tax position related to Puerto Rico manufacturing is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the reserve, including a high degree of estimation uncertainty relative to the unresolved issue with the IRS involving one of the Company s manufacturing sites; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s measurement of the income tax reserve for the uncertain tax position related to Puerto Rico manufacturing, as the nature of the evidence is often highly subjective; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the recognition of the income tax reserves for uncertain tax positions, as well as controls over measurement of the reserve for the uncertain tax position related to Puerto Rico manufacturing. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for determining the reserve and (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of the measurement of the reserve, including underlying assumptions used in management s calculations. Evaluating the reasonableness of the measurement of the reserve included evaluating whether the methodology and assumptions used by the Company were consistent with the Tax Court s ruling. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the application of tax laws related to the ruling and the underlying assumptions used in management s calculations. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 June 22, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1963. 
 
 53 

Table of C ontents 

 Medtronic plc 
 Consolidated Statements of Income Fiscal Year (in millions, except per share data) 2023 2022 2021 Net sales Costs and expenses: Cost of products sold, excluding amortization of intangible assets Research and development expense Selling, general, and administrative expense Amortization of intangible assets Restructuring charges, net Certain litigation charges, net ) Other operating (income) expense, net ) Operating profit Other non-operating income, net ) ) ) Interest expense, net Income before income taxes Income tax provision Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to Medtronic Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Basic weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

Table of C ontents 

 Medtronic plc 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Fiscal Year (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Unrealized (loss) gain on investment securities ) ) Translation adjustment ) ) Net investment hedge ) ) Net change in retirement obligations Unrealized (loss) gain on cash flow hedges ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive income including noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Medtronic 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

Table of C ontents 

 Medtronic plc 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (in millions) April 28, 2023 April 29, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Investments Accounts receivable, less allowances and credit losses of and , respectively 
 Inventories, net Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Tax assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Current debt obligations Accounts payable Accrued compensation Accrued income taxes Other accrued expenses Total current liabilities Long-term debt Accrued compensation and retirement benefits Accrued income taxes Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Notes 3, 16, and 18) Shareholders equity: Ordinary shares par value , billion shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

Table of C ontents 

 Medtronic plc 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity Ordinary Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity (in millions, except per share data) Number Par Value April 24, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends to shareholders per ordinary share) 
 ) ) ) Issuance of shares under stock purchase and award plans Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Changes to noncontrolling ownership interests ) ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle ) ) ) April 30, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Dividends to shareholders per ordinary share) 
 ) ) ) Issuance of shares under stock purchase and award plans Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Changes to noncontrolling ownership interests ) ) April 29, 2022 ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Dividends to shareholders per ordinary share) 
 ) ) ) Issuance of shares under stock purchase and award plans Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Changes to noncontrolling ownership interests ) ) April 28, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

Table of C ontents 

 Medtronic plc 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Fiscal Year (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for credit losses Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Loss on debt extinguishment Asset impairment charges Other, net Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Inventories, net ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Other operating assets and liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities: Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Additions to property, plant, and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of investments ) ) ) Sales and maturities of investments Other investing activities, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities: Change in current debt obligations, net ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings (maturities greater than 90 days) Repayments from short-term borrowings (maturities greater than 90 days) ) ) Issuance of long-term debt Payments on long-term debt ) ) ) Dividends to shareholders ) ) ) Issuance of ordinary shares Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for: Income taxes Interest 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Amounts reported in millions within this annual report are computed based on the amounts in thousands, and therefore, the sum of the components may not equal the total amount reported in millions due to rounding. Additionally, certain columns and rows within tables may not sum due to rounding. 
 Use of Estimates 
 Fiscal Year-End 
 Cash Equivalents 
 Investments 
 Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts and Credit Losses 
 Inventories 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 years. Amortization is recognized within amortization of intangible assets 
 
 Contingent Consideration 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Retirement Benefit Plan Assumptions 
 Derivatives 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Revenue Recognition 
 Shipping and Handling million, million, and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Other shipping and handling costs incurred to store, move, and prepare products for shipment are recognized in cost of products sold in the consolidated statements of income. 
 Research and Development 
 Contingencies 
 Income Taxes See Footnote 13 for more information on the Company's uncertain tax positions and tax policies. 
 Other Operating (Income) Expense, Net 
 Other Non-Operating Income, Net 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Stock-Based Compensation 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 

2. 
 Structural Heart Aortic Coronary Peripheral Vascular Cardiovascular Surgical Innovations Respiratory, Gastrointestinal, Renal Medical Surgical Cranial Spinal Technologies Specialty Therapies Neuromodulation Neuroscience Diabetes Total 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Medical Surgical Neuroscience Diabetes Total 
 (1) U.S. includes the United States and U.S. territories. 
 (2) Non-U.S. developed markets include Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Korea, Canada, and the countries within Western Europe. 
 (3) Emerging markets include the countries of the Middle East, Africa, Latin America, Eastern Europe, and the countries of Asia that are not included in the non-U.S. developed markets, as defined above. 
 At April 28, 2023, billion of rebates were classified as other accrued expenses, and million of rebates were classified as a reduction of accounts receivable in the consolidated balance sheet. At April 29, 2022, million of rebates were classified as other accrued expenses, and million of rebates were classified as a reduction of accounts receivable in the consolidated balance sheet. During fiscal year 2023, adjustments to rebate and return reserves recognized in revenue that were included in the rebate and return reserves at the beginning of the period were not material. 
 Deferred Revenue and Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Deferred revenue at April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022 was million and million, respectively. At April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, million and million was included in other accrued expenses , respectively, and million and million was included in other liabilities , respectively. During the fiscal year ended April 28, 2023, the Company recognized million of revenue that was included in deferred revenue as of April 29, 2022. 
 Remaining performance obligations include goods and services that have not yet been delivered or provided under existing, noncancellable contracts with minimum purchase commitments. At April 28, 2023, the estimated revenue expected to be recognized in future periods related to unsatisfied performance obligations for executed contracts with an original duration of one year or more was approximately billion. The Company expects to recognize revenue on the majority of these remaining performance obligations over the next . 
 
 3. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

per share, was billion consisting of billion of cash and million previously held investments in Intersect ENT. Based upon a preliminary acquisition valuation, the Company acquired million of goodwill, million of technology-based intangible assets, million of customer-related intangible assets, and million of tradenames with estimated useful lives of years. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 Revenue and net loss attributable to Intersect ENT since the date of acquisition as well as costs incurred in connection with the acquisition included in the consolidated statements of income were not significant for fiscal year 2023. 
 Affera, Inc. 
 On August 30, 2022, the Company acquired Affera, Inc. (Affera) a privately-held company focused on the development of cardiac mapping and navigation systems and catheter-based cardiac ablation technologies. The acquisition expands the Cardiovascular segment suite of advanced cardiac ablation products and accessories, including its first cardiac mapping and navigation platform. Total consideration, net of cash acquired for the transaction, was million. Based upon a preliminary acquisition valuation, the Company acquired million of goodwill and million of in-process research and development, which was capitalized into intangible assets during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The Company recognized million of non-cash contingent consideration liabilities in connection with the acquisition, which are comprised of product development milestone-based payments. 
 Revenue and net loss attributable to Affera since the date of acquisition as well as costs incurred in connection with the acquisition included in the consolidated statements of income were not significant for fiscal year 2023. 
 Inventory Goodwill Other intangible assets Other assets Total assets acquired Current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 Other acquisitions 
 For acquisitions other than Intersect ENT and Affera, the acquisition date fair value of net assets acquired during fiscal year 2023 was million. Based upon preliminary valuations, assets acquired were primarily comprised of million of goodwill and million of technology-based intangible assets with estimated useful lives of years. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. The Company recognized million of non-cash contingent consideration liabilities in connection with these acquisitions during fiscal year 2023, which are comprised of revenue and product development milestone-based payments. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million, consisting of million of assets acquired and million of liabilities assumed. Assets acquired were primarily comprised of million of technology-based intangible assets with estimated useful lives ranging from to years, and million of goodwill. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The Company recognized million of non-cash contingent consideration liabilities in connection with business combinations during fiscal year 2022, which are comprised of revenue and product development milestone-based payments. 
 Acquired In-Process Research Development (IPR D) 
 IPR D with no alternative future use acquired outside of a business combination is expensed immediately. During fiscal year 2023, IPR D acquired in connection with asset acquisitions was not significant. During fiscal year 2022, the Company acquired million of IPR D in connection with asset acquisitions of technology not yet approved by regulators, which was recognized in research and development expense in the consolidated statements of income. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 Certain of the Company s business combinations involve potential payment of future consideration that is contingent upon the achievement of certain product development milestones and/or contingent on the acquired business reaching certain performance milestones. A liability is recorded for the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration on the acquisition date. The fair value of the contingent consideration is remeasured at each reporting period, and the change in fair value is recognized within other operating (income) expense, net in the consolidated statements of income. 
 The fair value of contingent consideration at April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022 was million and million, respectively. At April 28, 2023, million was recorded in other accrued expenses , and million was recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. At April 29, 2022, million was reflected in other accrued expenses , and million was reflected in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Purchase price contingent consideration Purchase price allocation adjustments Payments ) ) Change in fair value ) ) Divestiture-related and other ) Ending Balance 
 Discount rate - 
 Projected fiscal year of payment 2024 - 2027 2025 Product development and other milestone-based payments Discount rate - 
 Projected fiscal year of payment 2024 - 2027 2026 
 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the contingent consideration liability. For projected fiscal year of payment, the amount represents the median of the inputs and is not a weighted average. 
 Renal Care Solutions disposition 
 On May 25, 2022, the Company and DaVita Inc. DaVita entered into a definitive agreement for the Company to sell half of its Renal Care Solutions (RCS) business, and on April 1, 2023, completed the transaction. This sale is part of an agreement between Medtronic and DaVita to form a new, independent kidney care-focused medical device company Mozarc Medical or "Mozarc") with equal equity 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million cash consideration, recorded non-cash contingent consideration receivables valued at million due based on the achievement of certain revenue, regulatory, and profitability milestones, and retained a non-controlling equity interest in Mozarc valued at million. For the contingent consideration receivables, the maximum consideration the Company could receive in the future is million based on the achievement of the aforementioned milestones, with potential payouts starting in fiscal year 2025 through 2029. The Company recorded total non-cash pre-tax charges of million in fiscal year 2023, primarily related to impairment of goodwill and changes in the carrying amount of the disposal group, recognized in other operating (income) expense, net in the consolidated statements of income. Refer to Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the goodwill impairment. Refer to Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the Company s retained equity investment in Mozarc as a result of this transaction. 
 The Company determined that the sale of the RCS business did not meet the criteria to be classified as discontinued operations. 
 
 4. 
 billion. Simplification was designed to focus the organization on accelerating innovation, enhancing customer experience, driving revenue growth and winning market share, and had total pre-tax charges of billion. 
 In addition, in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, we incurred billion of restructuring charges primarily related to employee termination benefits to support cost reduction initiatives. These charges were incremental to charges incurred under our Enterprise Excellence and Simplification programs noted above. 
 For all programs, employee-related costs primarily consist of termination benefits provided to employees who have been involuntarily terminated and voluntary early retirement benefits. Associated costs primarily include salaries and wages of employees that are fully-dedicated to restructuring programs and consulting fees. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses Restructuring charges, net Total restructuring and associated costs 
 (1) In fiscal years 2023 and 2021, restructuring charges, net included million and million, respectively, of incremental defined benefit, defined contribution, and post-retirement related expenses for employees that accepted voluntary early retirement packages. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Charges Cash payments ) ) ) Accrual adjustments (3) 
 ) ) April 29, 2022 Charges Cash payments ) ) ) ) ) Accrual adjustments (3) 
 ) ) ) April 28, 2023 
 (1) In fiscal years 2023, restructuring charges, net included million of incremental defined benefit, defined contribution, and post-retirement related expenses for employees that accepted voluntary early retirement packages. These costs are not included in the table summarizing restructuring charges above, as they are associated with costs that are accounted for under the pension and post-retirement rules. 
 (2) Associated costs include costs incurred as a direct result of the restructuring program, such as salaries for employees supporting the program and consulting expenses. 
 
 Mechanical Circulatory Support (MCS) 
 In June 2021, the Company announced the decision to stop the distribution and sale of the Medtronic HVAD System in light of a growing body of observational clinical comparisons indicating a lower frequency of neurological adverse events and mortality with another circulatory support device available to patients compared to the HVAD system. In connection with this decision, the Company recorded charges of million (MCS charges) within the Cardiovascular segment during the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, including million recognized in costs of products sold and million recognized within other operating (income) expense, net in the consolidated statement of income . The charges included million of non-cash impairments and write-downs primarily related to million of intangible asset impairments and million of inventory write-downs. The Company also recorded charges of million for commitments and obligations associated with the decision, which included charges for patient support obligations, restructuring, and other associated costs. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, the Company recorded additional charges of million within other operating (income) expense, net primarily related to incremental commitments and obligations associated with the exit of the business. As of April 28, 2023, accruals were recorded in the consolidated balance sheet for these obligations, with million reflected in other accrued expenses and million recorded in other liabilities . 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

5. 
 
 ) Level 2: Corporate debt securities ) U.S. government and agency securities ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Non-U.S. government and agency securities Certificates of deposit Other asset-backed securities ) Total Level 2 ) Level 3: Auction rate securities ) Total available-for-sale debt securities ) 
 April 29, 2022 Valuation Balance Sheet Classification (in millions) Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value Investments Other Assets Level 1: U.S. government and agency securities ) Level 2: Corporate debt securities ) U.S. government and agency securities ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Non-U.S. government and agency securities Certificates of deposit Other asset-backed securities ) Total Level 2 ) Level 3: Auction rate securities ) Total available-for-sale debt securities ) 
 The amortized cost of debt securities excludes accrued interest, which is reported in other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

) ) U.S. government and agency securities ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) Other asset-backed securities ) Auction rate securities ) Total ) ) 
 April 29, 2022 Less than 12 months More than 12 months (in millions) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Corporate debt securities ) ) U.S. government and agency securities ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Other asset-backed securities ) Auction rate securities ) Total ) ) 
 
 The Company reviews the fair value hierarchy classification on a quarterly basis. Changes in the ability to observe valuation inputs may result in a reclassification of levels for certain securities within the fair value hierarchy. There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 during the fiscal years ended April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022. When a determination is made to classify an asset or liability within Level 3, the determination is based upon the significance of the unobservable inputs to the overall fair value measurement. 
 Gross realized gains Gross realized losses ) ) ) 
 During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021, the Company had proceeds from maturities of investments classified as held to maturity of million. 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total debt securities 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Investments for which the fair value option has been elected Investments without readily determinable fair values Equity method and other investments Total equity and other investments 
 Gains and losses on the Company's portfolio of equity and other investment are recognized in other non-operating income , net in the consolidated statements of income. During the fiscal year ended April 28, 2023, there were million of net unrealized gains on equity securities and other investments still held at April 28, 2023. During the fiscal year ended April 29, 2022, there were million of net unrealized gains on equity securities and other investments still held at April 29, 2022. 
 Interest income is recognized in other non-operating income, net , in the consolidated statements of income. During the fiscal year ended April 28, 2023, there was million of interest income. During the fiscal year ended April 29, 2022, there was million of interest income. 
 Mozarc Medical Investment 
 On April 1, 2023 the Company sold half of its RCS business to Mozarc, and as a result of the transaction the Company retained a equity interest in Mozarc. Please refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on this transaction. Although the equity investment provides the Company with the ability to exercise significant influence over Mozarc, the Company has elected the fair value option to account for this equity investment. The Company believes the fair value option best reflects the economics of the underlying transaction. Under the fair value option, changes in the fair value of the investment are recognized through earnings each reporting period in other non-operating income, net in the consolidated statements of income. 
 Initial valuation Additional cash investment Ending Balance 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

6. 
 percent three -year 2019 senior notes 
 percent four -year 2019 senior notes 
 percent two -year 2020 senior notes 
 Finance lease obligations Current debt obligations 
 Bank Borrowings Outstanding bank borrowings at April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022 were not significant. 
 Commercial Paper On January 26, 2015, Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A. (Medtronic Luxco), an entity organized under the laws of Luxembourg, entered into various agreements pursuant to which Medtronic Luxco may issue United States Dollar-denominated unsecured commercial paper notes (the 2015 CP Program) on a private placement basis, and on January 31, 2020 Medtronic Luxco entered into various agreements pursuant to which Medtronic Luxco may issue Euro-denominated unsecured commercial paper notes (the 2020 CP Program) on a private placement basis. The maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time under the 2015 CP Program and the 2020 CP Program together may not exceed the equivalent of billion. The Company and Medtronic, Inc. have guaranteed the obligations of Medtronic Luxco under the 2015 CP Program and the 2020 CP Program. 
 There was commercial paper outstanding at April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022. During fiscal year 2023, the weighted average original maturity of the commercial paper outstanding was approximately days and the weighted average interest rate was percent. During fiscal year 2022, the weighted average original maturity of the commercial paper outstanding was approximately days and the weighted average interest rate was percent. The issuance of commercial paper reduces the amount of credit available under the Company's existing credit facility, defined below. 
 Line of Credit On December 12, 2022, Medtronic Luxco, as borrower, entered into an amendment to its amended and restated credit agreement (Credit Facility), by and among Medtronic, Medtronic, Inc., Medtronic Luxco, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and issuing bank, extending the maturity date of the Credit Facility to December 2027. 
 The Credit Facility provides for a billion unsecured revolving credit facility (Credit Facility). At each anniversary date of the Credit Facility, we can request a extension of the maturity date. The Credit Facility provides the Company with the ability to increase its borrowing capacity by an additional billion at any time during the term of the agreement. The Company and Medtronic, Inc. have guaranteed the obligations of the borrowers under the Credit Facility, and Medtronic Luxco will also guarantee the obligations of any designated borrower. The Credit Facility includes a multi-currency borrowing feature for certain specified foreign currencies. At April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, amounts were outstanding under the Credit Facility. 
 Interest rates on advances on the Credit Facility are determined by a pricing matrix based on the Company s long-term debt ratings, assigned by Standard Poor s Ratings Services and Moody s Investors Service. Facility fees are payable on the Credit Facility and are determined in the same manner as the interest rates. The Company is in compliance with all covenants related to the Credit Facility. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

percent ten -year 2015 senior notes 
 2025 percent six -year 2019 senior notes 
 2026 percent three -year 2022 senior notes 
 2026 percent five -year 2020 senior notes 
 2026 percent eight -year 2019 senior notes 
 2027 percent ten -year 2017 senior notes 
 2027 percent five -year 2023 senior notes 
 2028 percent six -year 2022 senior notes 
 2029 percent eight -year 2020 senior notes 
 2029 percent twelve -year 2019 senior notes 
 2031 percent twelve -year 2019 senior notes 
 2032 percent nine -year 2022 senior notes 
 2032 percent twelve -year 2020 senior notes 
 2033 percent ten -year 2023 senior notes 
 2033 percent twelve -year 2022 senior notes 
 2035 percent twenty -year 2015 senior notes 
 2035 percent thirty -year 2007 CIFSA senior notes 
 2038 percent twenty -year 2019 senior notes 
 2039 percent thirty -year 2009 senior notes 
 2039 percent twenty -year 2019 senior notes 
 2040 percent thirty -year 2010 senior notes 
 2040 percent twenty -year 2020 senior notes 
 2041 percent thirty -year 2012 senior notes 
 2042 percent thirty -year 2013 senior notes 
 2043 percent thirty -year 2014 senior notes 
 2044 percent thirty -year 2015 senior notes 
 2045 percent thirty -year 2019 senior notes 
 2050 percent thirty -year 2020 senior notes 
 2051 Finance lease obligations 2024-2036 Debt discount, net 2026-2051 ) ) Deferred financing costs 2026-2051 ) ) Long-term debt 
 Senior Notes The Company has outstanding unsecured senior obligations, described as senior notes in the tables above (collectively, the Senior Notes). The Senior Notes rank equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Company. The Company is in compliance with all covenants related to the Seniors Notes. 
 In September 2020, Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A. (Medtronic Luxco) issued tranches of Euro-denominated Senior Notes with an aggregate principal of billion, with maturities ranging from fiscal year 2023 to fiscal year 2051, resulting in cash proceeds of approximately billion, net of discounts and issuance costs. The Company used the net proceeds of the offering to fund the early redemption of billion of Medtronic Inc. and CIFSA Senior Notes and billion of Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes for billion of total consideration in October 2020. Additionally, the Company used the proceeds to repay its million floating rate senior notes at maturity in March 2021. The Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of million in fiscal year 2021, which primarily 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

tranches of Euro-denominated Senior Notes with an aggregate principal of billion, with maturities ranging from fiscal year 2026 to 2035, resulting in cash proceeds of approximately billion, net of discounts and issuance costs. The Company used the net proceeds to repay at maturity million of Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes for million of total consideration in December 2022 and billion of Medtronic Luxco Senior Notes for billion of total consideration in March 2023. 
 In March 2023, Medtronic Luxco issued tranches of USD-denominated Senior Notes with an aggregate principal of billion, with maturities ranging from fiscal year 2028 to 2033, resulting in cash proceeds of approximately billion, net of discounts and issuance costs. The Company used the net proceeds supplemented by additional cash to repay the billion Fiscal 2023 Loan Agreement discussed below for billion of total consideration. 
 The Euro-denominated debt issued in September 2020 and September 2022 is designated as a net investment hedge of certain of the Company's European operations. Refer to Note 7 for additional information regarding the net investment hedge. 
 Term Loan Agreements In May 2022, Medtronic Luxco entered into a term loan agreement (Fiscal 2023 Loan Agreement) by and among Medtronic Luxco, Medtronic plc, Medtronic, Inc., and Mizuho Bank, Ltd. as administrative agent and as lender. The Fiscal 2023 Loan Agreement provides an unsecured term loan in an aggregate principal amount of up to billion with a term of days. Borrowings under the Fiscal 2023 Loan Agreement bear interest at the TIBOR Rate (as defined in the Fiscal 2023 Loan Agreement) plus a margin of per annum. Medtronic plc and Medtronic, Inc. guaranteed the obligations of Medtronic Luxco under the Fiscal 2023 Loan Agreement. In May and June 2022, Medtronic Luxco borrowed an aggregate of billion, or approximately billion, of the term loan, under the Fiscal 2023 Loan Agreement. The Company used the net proceeds of the borrowings to fund the early redemption of billion of Medtronic Inc.'s Senior Notes due 2025 for billion of total consideration, and million of Medtronic Luxco's Senior Notes due 2027 for million of total consideration. The Company recognized a total loss on debt extinguishment of million within interest expense, net in the consolidated statements of income during fiscal year 2023, which primarily includes cash premiums and accelerated amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts and premiums. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Company repaid the term loan in full, including interest. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Financial Instruments Not Measured at Fair Value 
 At April 28, 2023, the estimated fair value of the Company s Senior Notes was billion compared to a principal value of billion. At April 29, 2022, the estimated fair value was billion compared to a principal value of billion. The fair value was estimated using quoted market prices for the publicly registered Senior Notes, which are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The fair values and principal values consider the terms of the related debt and exclude the impacts of debt discounts and hedging activity. 
 
 7. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

period. At April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, the Company had million and million in after-tax unrealized gains, respectively, associated with cash flow hedging instruments recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. The Company expects that million of after-tax net unrealized gains at April 28, 2023 will be recognized in the consolidated statements of income over the next 12 months. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 The Company uses derivative instruments and foreign currency denominated debt to manage foreign currency risk associated with its net investment in foreign operations. The derivative instruments that the Company uses for this purpose may include foreign currency forward exchange contracts used on a standalone basis or in combination with option collars and standalone cross currency interest rate contracts. 
 For instruments that are designated as net investment hedges, the gains or losses are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss . The gains or losses are reclassified into earnings upon a liquidation event or deconsolidation of the foreign subsidiary. Amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in interest expense, net on a straight-line basis over the term of the hedge. During the twelve months ended April 28, 2023, the Company recognized million of after-tax unrealized gains related to excluded components in interest expense , net . The cash flows related to the Company s derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges are reported as investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Cash flows attributable to amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are reported as operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 Undesignated Derivatives 
 The Company uses foreign currency forward exchange contracts to offset the Company s exposure to the change in the value of non-functional currency denominated assets, liabilities, and cash flows. 
 These foreign currency forward exchange rate contracts are not designated as hedges at inception, and therefore, changes in the fair value of these contracts are recognized in the consolidated statements of income. Cash flows related to the Company s undesignated derivative contracts are reported in the consolidated statements of cash flows based on the nature of the derivative instrument. 
 Outstanding Instruments 
 Currency exchange rate contracts (1) 
 Net investment hedge Foreign currency-denominated debt (2) 
 Net investment hedge Currency exchange rate contracts Undesignated 
 (1) At April 28, 2023, includes derivative contracts with a notional value of billion, or billion, designated as hedges of a portion of our net investment in certain European operations and derivative contracts with a notional value of billion, or billion, designated as hedges of a portion of our net investment in certain Japanese operations. These derivative contracts mature in fiscal years 2024 through 2033. 
 (2) At April 28, 2023, includes billion, or billion, of outstanding Euro-denominated debt as hedges of a portion our net investment in foreign operations. This debt matures in fiscal years 2026 through 2051. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 ) ) ) ) Other operating (income) expense, net Currency exchange rate contracts ) ) Cost of products sold Net investment hedges Foreign currency-denominated debt ) N/A Currency exchange rate contracts N/A Total ) ) ) ) 
 The amount of the gains and losses on our derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments and the classification of those gains and losses within our consolidated financial statements for fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021 were as follows: 
 (Gain) Loss Recognized in Income Fiscal Year Location of (Gain) Loss in Income Statement (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Currency exchange rate contracts ) Other operating (income) expense, net Total return swaps ) Other operating (income) expense, net Total ) 
 Balance Sheet Presentation 
 Other current assets Other accrued expenses Currency exchange rate contracts Other assets Other liabilities Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Currency exchange rate contracts Other current assets Other accrued expenses Total return swaps Other current assets Other accrued expenses Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Level 2 Total 
 The Company has elected to present the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets on a gross basis, even when derivative transactions are subject to master netting arrangements and may otherwise qualify for net presentation. The cash flows related to collateral posted and received are reported gross as investing and financing activities, respectively, in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 ) ) Derivative liabilities: Currency exchange rate contracts ) ) Total 
 April 29, 2022 Gross Amount Not Offset on the Balance Sheet (in millions) Gross Amount of Recognized Assets (Liabilities) Financial Instruments Cash Collateral (Received) Posted Net Amount Derivative assets: Currency exchange rate contracts ) ) Derivative liabilities: Currency exchange rate contracts ) Total return swaps ) ) ) ) Total ) 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments, which potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of interest-bearing investments, derivative contracts, and trade accounts receivable. Global concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable are limited due to the large number of customers and their dispersion across many geographic areas. The Company monitors the creditworthiness of its customers to which it grants credit terms in the normal course of business. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million and million, respectively, from its counterparties. Cash collateral posted is recorded as a reduction in cash and cash equivalents , with the offset recorded as an increase in other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Cash collateral received is recorded as an increase in cash and cash equivalents with the offset recorded in other accrued expenses 
 
 8. 
 Work-in-process Raw materials Total 
 
 9. 
 Goodwill as a result of acquisitions Purchase accounting adjustments ) Currency translation and other ) ) ) ) ) April 29, 2022 Goodwill as a result of acquisitions Purchase accounting adjustments ) ) Sale of RCS business ) ) Currency translation and other ) ) ) ) April 28, 2023 
 As a result of the agreement with DaVita, as disclosed in Note 3, the Company allocated million of goodwill to the RCS business that met the criteria to be classified as held for sale during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 and was subsequently sold on April 1, 2023. Upon allocation, a goodwill impairment test was performed for the RCS business, and the Company recognized million of goodwill impairment charges during fiscal year 2023. The goodwill impairment charges are recognized in other operating (income) expense, net in the consolidated statements of income. The Company did t recognize any goodwill impairment charges during fiscal years 2022 or 2021. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

) ) Purchased technology and patents ) ) Trademarks and tradenames ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) Indefinite-lived: IPR D 
 The Company did t recognize any definite-lived intangible asset impairment charges during fiscal year 2023. During fiscal year 2022, the Company recognized million of definite-lived intangible asset impairment charges in connection with MCS within the Cardiovascular Portfolio. The intangible asset impairment charge primarily related to purchased technology and patents. Refer to Note 4 Restructuring Charges for additional information on what led to the impairment. During fiscal year 2021, the Company recognized million of definite-lived intangible asset impairment charges in connection with the abandonment of certain intangible assets within the Neuroscience segment. Definite-lived intangible asset impairment charges are recognized in other operating (income) expense, net in the consolidated statements of income. 
 Indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charges were significant for fiscal year 2023 or 2022. During fiscal year 2021, the Company recognized million of indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charges related to the abandonment of certain IPR D projects in the Neuroscience segment. Indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charges are recognized in other operating (income) expense, net in the consolidated statements of income. Due to the nature of IPR D projects, the Company may experience future delays or failures to obtain regulatory approvals to conduct clinical trials, failures of such clinical trials, delays or failures to obtain required market clearances, other failures to achieve a commercially viable product, or the discontinuation of certain projects, and as a result, may recognize impairment losses in the future. 
 Amortization Expense 
 Intangible asset amortization expense was billion for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 and billion for fiscal year 2021. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

10. 
 Generally - , up to 
 Computer software Up to 
 Land and land improvements Up to 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Up to 
 Construction in progress Property, plant, and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense of million, million, and million was recognized in fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 11. 
 billion Ordinary Shares, par value; thousand Euro Deferred Shares, par value; million Preferred Shares, par value; and thousand A Preferred Shares, par value. 
 Euro Deferred Shares The authorized share capital of the Company includes thousand Euro Deferred Shares, with a par value of per share. At April 28, 2023, Euro Deferred Shares were issued or outstanding. 
 Preferred Shares The authorized share capital of the Company includes million of Preferred Shares, with a par value of per share. At April 28, 2023, Preferred Shares were issued or outstanding. 
 A Preferred Shares The authorized share capital of the Company includes thousand A Preferred Shares, with a par value of per share. At April 28, 2023, A Preferred Shares were outstanding. 
 Dividends The timing, declaration, and payment of future dividends to holders of the Company's ordinary shares falls within the discretion of the Company's Board of Directors and depends upon many factors, including the statutory requirements of Irish law, the Company's earnings and financial condition, the capital requirements of the Company's businesses, industry practice and any other factors the Board of Directors deems relevant. 
 Ordinary Share Repurchase Program Shares are repurchased on occasion to support the Company s stock-based compensation programs and to return capital to shareholders. During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, the Company repurchased approximately million and million shares, respectively, at an average price of and , respectively. 
 In March 2019, the Company's Board of Directors authorized billion for repurchase of the Company's ordinary shares. There is no specific time-period associated with these repurchase authorizations. At April 28, 2023, the Company had used billion of the billion authorized under the repurchase program, leaving approximately billion available for future repurchases. The Company accounts for repurchases of ordinary shares using the par value method and shares repurchased are cancelled. 
 
 12. 
 million shares available for future grants under the 2021 Plan. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Restricted stock Performance share units Employee stock purchase plan Total stock-based compensation expense Cost of products sold Research and development expense Selling, general, and administrative expense Total stock-based compensation expense Income tax benefits ) ) ) Total stock-based compensation expense, net of tax 
 Stock Options Options are granted at the exercise price, which is equal to the closing price of the Company s ordinary shares on the grant date. The majority of the Company s options are non-qualified options with a ten -year life and a four -year ratable vesting term. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model (Black-Scholes model) to determine the fair value of stock options at the grant date. The fair value of stock options under the Black-Scholes model requires management to make assumptions regarding projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, risk-free interest rates, volatility of the Company s stock price, and expected dividends. 
 Assumptions used: Expected life (years) Risk-free interest rate Volatility Dividend yield 
 Granted Exercised ) Expired/Forfeited/Cancelled ) Outstanding at April 28, 2023 
 Expected to vest at April 28, 2023 
 Exercisable at April 28, 2023 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Intrinsic value of options exercised Tax benefit related to options exercised 
 Unrecognized compensation expense related to outstanding stock options at April 28, 2023 was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Restricted stock units are expensed over the vesting period and are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to the lapse of the restrictions. The expense recognized for restricted stock units is equal to the grant date fair value, which is equal to the closing stock price on the date of grant. Restricted stock units either have a ratable vesting term or cliff vest after . Restricted stock units are not considered issued or outstanding ordinary shares of the Company. Dividend equivalent units are accumulated on restricted stock units during the vesting period. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/Cancelled ) Nonvested at April 28, 2023 
 
 The following table summarizes the weighted-average grant date fair value of restricted stock granted, total fair value of restricted stock vested and related tax benefit during fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021: 
 Fiscal Year (in millions, except per share data) 2023 2022 2021 Weighted-average grant-date fair value per restricted stock Fair value of restricted stock vested Tax benefit related to restricted stock vested 
 Unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock as of April 28, 2023 was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Performance Share Units Beginning in fiscal year 2021, the Company granted performance share units to officers and key employees. Performance share units typically cliff vest after . The awards include three metrics: relative total shareholder return (rTSR), revenue growth, and return on investor capital (ROIC). rTSR is considered a market condition metric, and the expense is determined at the grant date and will not be adjusted even if the market condition is not met. Revenue growth and ROIC are considered performance metrics, and the expense is recorded over the performance period, which will be reassessed each reporting period based on the probability of achieving the various performance conditions. The number of shares earned at the end of the period will vary, based on only actual performance, from to of the target number of performance share units granted. Performance share units are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to the lapse of the restrictions. Performance share units are not considered issued or outstanding ordinary shares of the Company. Dividend equivalent units are accumulated on performance share units for each component of the award during the vesting period. 
 The Company calculates the fair value of the performance share units for each component individually. The fair value of the rTSR metric will be determined using the Monte Carlo valuation model. The fair value of the revenue growth and ROIC metrics are equal to the closing stock price on the grant date. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Granted Performance adjustments (1) 
 ) Forfeited/Cancelled ) Nonvested at April 28, 2023 
 
 (1) Performance adjustments are adjustments to grants where the performance period has ended and actual performance is known. 
 The following table summarizes the weighted-average grant date fair value of performance share units granted, total fair value of performance share units vested and related tax benefit during fiscal year 2023, 2022, and 2021: 
 Fiscal Year (in millions, except per share data) 2023 2022 2021 Weighted-average grant-date fair value per performance share units Fair value of performance share units vested Tax benefit related to performance share units vested 
 Unrecognized compensation expense related to performance share units as of April 28, 2023 was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 percent discount the employee receives. Employees purchased million shares at an average price of per share in fiscal year 2023. At April 28, 2023, approximately million ordinary shares were available for future purchase under the ESPP. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

13. 
 
 ) International Income before income taxes 
 International Total current tax expense Deferred tax (benefit) expense: U.S. ) ) ) International ) Net deferred tax benefit ) ) ) Income tax provision 

84 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Net operating loss, capital loss, and credit carryforwards Capitalization of research and development Other accrued liabilities Accrued compensation Pension and post-retirement benefits Stock-based compensation Inventory Lease obligations Federal and state benefit on uncertain tax positions Interest limitation Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities and derivative financial instruments Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Realized loss on derivative financial instruments ) ) Right of use leases ) ) Accumulated depreciation ) ) Outside basis difference of subsidiaries ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Prepaid income taxes Income tax receivables Tax assets, net Reported as (after valuation allowance and jurisdictional netting): Other current assets Tax assets Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Tax assets, net 
 No deferred taxes have been provided on the approximately billion and billion of undistributed earnings of the Company s subsidiaries at April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, respectively, since these earnings have been, and under current plans will continue to be, permanently reinvested in these subsidiaries. Due to the number of legal entities and jurisdictions involved, the complexity of the legal entity structure of the Company, and the complexity of the tax laws in the relevant jurisdictions, the Company believes it is not practicable to estimate, within any reasonable range, the amount of additional taxes which may be payable upon distribution of these undistributed earnings. 
 At April 28, 2023, the Company had approximately billion of net operating loss carryforwards in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, of which billion have no expiration, and the remaining billion will expire during fiscal years 2024 through 2040. Included in these net operating loss carryforwards are billion of net operating losses generated in fiscal year 2008 as a result of the receipt of a favorable tax ruling from certain non-U.S. taxing authorities; and billion of net operating losses generated during fiscal year 2023 as a result of an intercompany reorganization. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance against these net operating losses, as 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

billion have a valuation allowance recorded against the carryforwards, as management does not believe that it is more likely than not that these net operating losses will be utilized. 
 At April 28, 2023, the Company had million of U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards, of which million have no expiration. The remaining loss carryforwards will expire during fiscal years 2024 through 2036. For U.S. state purposes, the Company had billion of net operating loss carryforwards at April 28, 2023, million of which have no expiration. The remaining U.S. state loss carryforwards will expire during fiscal years 2024 through 2043. 
 At April 28, 2023, the Company also had million of tax credits available to reduce future income taxes payable, of which million have no expiration. The remaining credits will expire during fiscal years 2024 through 2042. 
 The Company has established valuation allowances of billion and billion at April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, respectively, primarily related to the uncertainty of the utilization of certain deferred tax assets which are primarily comprised of tax loss and credit carryforwards in various jurisdictions. The increase in the valuation allowance during fiscal year 2023 is primarily related to the generation of certain net losses resulting from an intercompany reorganization. These valuation allowances would result in a reduction to the income tax provision in the consolidated statements of income if they are ultimately not required. 
 Increase (decrease) in tax rate resulting from: U.S. state taxes, net of federal tax benefit ) Research and development credit ) ) ) Puerto Rico excise tax ) ) ) International ) ) ) Stock based compensation ) ) Interest on uncertain tax positions Base erosion anti-abuse tax Foreign derived intangible income benefit ) ) ) Certain tax adjustments ) ) Legal entity restructuring U.S. tax on foreign earnings Other, net ) Effective tax rate 
 During fiscal year 2023, the net cost from certain tax adjustments of million, recognized in income tax provision in the consolidated statement of income, included the following: 
 A net cost of million associated with the August 18, 2022 U.S. Tax Court (Tax Court) Opinion on the previously disclosed litigation regarding the allocation of income between Medtronic, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary operating in Puerto Rico for fiscal years 2005 and 2006 (Opinion). While the Opinion rejected the IRS s position and the Tax Court determined the methodology advanced by Medtronic was appropriate for purposes of determining the intercompany royalty rate between Puerto Rico and the U.S., it determined that the royalty rate should be higher, thereby increasing income allocated to the U.S. and consequently subject to U.S. tax. This case relates only to fiscal years 2005 and 2006. The Opinion remains subject to appeal by either or both parties. The Company has assumed the Tax Court findings will be applied for all years following fiscal year 2006. 
 A cost of million related to the disallowance of certain interest deductions. 
 A cost of million related to the change in reporting currency for certain carryover attributes. 
 A cost of million associated with the amortization of the previously established deferred tax assets from intercompany intellectual property transactions. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million primarily associated with the sale of half of the Company s RCS business. 
 During fiscal year 2022, the net benefit from certain tax adjustments of million, recognized in income tax provision in the consolidated statement of income, included the following: 
 A benefit of million associated with a step up in tax basis for Swiss Cantonal purposes. 
 A benefit of million related to a change in tax rates on intangible assets. 
 A cost of million associated with the amortization of the previously established deferred tax assets from intercompany intellectual property transactions. 
 A cost of million associated with a change in the Company s permanent reinvestment assertion on certain historical earnings. 
 A net cost of million primarily associated with an intercompany sale of assets. 
 During fiscal year 2021, the net benefit from certain tax adjustments of million, recognized in income tax provision in the consolidated statement of income, included the following: 
 A net benefit of million associated with the resolution of an audit at the IRS Appellate level for fiscal years 2012, 2013, and 2014. The issues resolved relate to the utilization of certain net operating losses and the allocation of income between Medtronic, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary operating in Puerto Rico for businesses that are not the subject of the U.S. Tax Court Case for fiscal years 2005 and 2006. 
 A net cost of million related to a tax basis adjustment of previously established deferred tax assets from intercompany intellectual property transactions. The cumulative amount of deferred tax benefit previously recognized from intercompany intellectual property transactions and recorded as Certain Tax Adjustments is billion. The corresponding deferred tax assets will be amortized over a period of approximately years. 
 A cost of million associated with the amortization of the previously established deferred tax assets from intercompany intellectual property transactions. 
 A net cost of million associated with an internal restructuring and intercompany sale of assets. 
 A benefit of million related to the capitalization of certain research and development costs for U.S. income tax purposes and the establishment of a deferred tax asset at the U.S. federal statutory tax rate. 
 Subsequent to year-end, on June 1, 2023 the Israeli Central-Lod District Court issued its decision in Medtronic Ventor Technologies Ltd v. Kfar Saba Assessing Office. The court determined that there was a deemed taxable transfer of intellectual property. At this time, the Company is evaluating the impact of the decision and whether or not it will appeal. The Company has currently estimated a potential income tax charge, including interest, of approximately million. 
 Currently, the Company s operations in Puerto Rico, Singapore, Dominican Republic, Costa Rica, and China have various tax holidays and tax incentive grants. The tax reductions as compared to the local statutory rate favorably impacted earnings by million, million, and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and diluted earnings per share by , , and , in fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The tax holidays are conditional upon the Company meeting certain thresholds required under statutory law. The tax incentive grants, unless extended, will expire between fiscal years 2024 and 2035. The Company s historical practice has been to renew, extend, or obtain new tax incentive grants upon expiration of existing tax incentive grants. If the Company is not able to renew, extend, or obtain new tax incentive grants, the expiration of existing tax incentive grants could have a material impact on the Company s financial results in future periods. The tax incentive grants which expired during fiscal year 2023 did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

billion, billion, and billion of gross unrecognized tax benefits at April 28, 2023, April 29, 2022, and April 30, 2021, respectively. 
 Gross increases: Prior year tax positions Current year tax positions Gross decreases: Prior year tax positions ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Statute of limitation lapses ) ) ) Gross unrecognized tax benefits at end of fiscal year Cash advance paid to taxing authorities ) ) ) Gross unrecognized tax benefits at end of fiscal year, net of cash advance 
 If all of the Company s unrecognized tax benefits at April 28, 2023, April 29, 2022, and April 30, 2021 were recognized, billion, billion, and billion would impact the Company s effective tax rate, respectively. Although the Company believes that it has adequately reserved for liabilities resulting from tax assessments by taxing authorities, positions taken by these tax authorities could have a material impact on the Company s effective tax rate in future periods. The Company has recorded gross unrecognized tax benefits, net of cash advance, of billion as a noncurrent liability. The Company estimates that within the next 12 months it is reasonably possible that its uncertain tax positions, excluding interest, could decrease by as much as million, net as a result of statute of limitation lapses. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax provision in the consolidated statements of income and records the liability in the current or noncurrent accrued income taxes in the consolidated balance sheets, as appropriate. The Company had million, million, and million of accrued gross interest and penalties at April 28, 2023, April 29, 2022, and April 30, 2021, respectively. During fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company recognized gross interest income of million, expense of million, and income of million, respectively, in income tax provision in the consolidated statements of income. 
 The Company reserves for uncertain tax positions related to unresolved matters with the IRS and other taxing authorities. These reserves are subject to a high degree of estimation and management judgment. Resolution of these significant unresolved matters, or positions taken by the IRS or other tax authorities during future tax audits, could have a material impact on the Company s financial results in future periods. The Company continues to believe that its reserves for uncertain tax positions are appropriate and that it has meritorious defenses for its tax filings and will vigorously defend them during the audit process, appellate process, and through litigation in courts, as necessary. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

See Note 18 for additional information regarding the status of current tax audits and proceedings. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

14. 
 
 Denominator: Basic weighted average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: Employee stock options Employee restricted stock units Employee performance share units Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 The calculation of weighted average diluted shares outstanding excludes options to purchase approximately million, million, and million ordinary shares in fiscal year 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively because their effect would have been anti-dilutive on the Company s earnings per share. 
 
 15. 
 million, million, and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 In the U.S., the Company maintains qualified pension plans designed to provide guaranteed minimum retirement benefits to all eligible U.S. participants. Pension coverage for non-U.S. employees is provided, to the extent deemed appropriate, through separate plans. In addition to the benefits provided under the qualified pension plan, retirement benefits associated with wages in excess of the IRS allowable limits are provided to certain employees under a non-qualified plan. U.S. and Puerto Rico employees are also eligible to receive a medical benefit component, in addition to normal retirement benefits, through the Company s post-retirement benefits. 
 At April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, the funded status of the Company s benefit plans was million overfunded and million overfunded, respectively. 
 During fiscal years 2023 and 2021, the Company offered certain eligible U.S. employees voluntary early retirement packages, resulting in charges of million and million, respectively, primarily related to U.S. pension benefits. The charges were recognized in restructuring charges, net in the consolidated statements of income. See Note 4 for additional information on restructuring charges. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Change in projected benefit obligation: Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year Service cost Interest cost Employee contributions Plan curtailments, settlements, and amendments ) ) ) Actuarial (gain) loss (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Special termination benefits (3) 
 Currency exchange rate changes and other ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) ) Employer contributions Employee contributions Plan settlements ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Currency exchange rate changes and other ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year: Fair value of plan assets Benefit obligations Over (under) funded status of the plans ) ) Recognized asset (liability) ) ) Amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheets consist of: Non-current assets Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Non-current liabilities ) ) ) ) Recognized asset (liability) ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss: Prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) Net actuarial loss Ending balance 
 (1) Actuarial gains and losses result from changes in actuarial assumptions (such as changes in the discount rate and revised mortality rates). The actuarial gain in fiscal year 2023 and 2022 was primarily related to increases in discount rates. 
 (2) As of April 24, 2020, the Company announced the freezing of the U.S. pension benefits beginning Plan year 2028. Employees will continue to earn benefits as required by the Medtronic Retirement Plan until April 30, 2027, after which date benefits will no longer be earned and employees will earn benefits through the Medtronic Savings and Investment Plan. 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Projected benefit obligation Plan assets at fair value 
 Plan assets at fair value 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss Settlement and curtailment (gain) loss ) Special termination benefits Net periodic benefit cost 
 ) Prior service cost (credit) ) Amortization of prior service credit Amortization and settlement recognition of actuarial loss ) ) Effect of exchange rates Total recognized in other comprehensive income ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income ) 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Rate of compensation increase Critical assumptions net periodic benefit cost: Discount rate benefit obligation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Discount rate service cost 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Discount rate interest cost 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected return on plan assets - 
 - 
 Rate of compensation increase - 
 
 The Company utilizes a full yield curve approach methodology to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic pension cost and net periodic post-retirement benefit cost for the Company s pension and other post-retirement benefits. The full yield curve approach applies specific spot rates along the yield curve to their underlying projected cash flows in estimation of the cost components. The current yield curves represent high quality, long-term fixed income instruments. 
 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumptions are determined using a building block approach, considering historical averages and real returns of each asset class. In certain countries, where historical returns are not meaningful, consideration is given to local market expectations of long-term returns. 
 Retirement Benefit Plan Investment Strategy The Company sponsors trusts that hold the assets for U.S. pension plans and other U.S. post-retirement benefit plans, primarily retiree medical benefits. For investment purposes, the Medtronic U.S. pension and other U.S. post-retirement benefit plans employ similar investment strategies with different asset allocation targets. 
 The Company has a Qualified Plan Committee (the Plan Committee) that sets investment guidelines for U.S. pension plans and other U.S. post-retirement benefit plans with the assistance of external consultants. These guidelines are established based on market conditions, risk tolerance, funding requirements, and expected benefit payments. The Plan Committee also oversees the investment allocation process, selects the investment managers, and monitors asset performance. As pension liabilities are long-term in nature, the Company employs a long-term total return approach to maximize the long-term rate of return on plan assets for a prudent level of risk. An annual analysis on the risk versus the return of the investment portfolio is conducted to justify the expected long-term rate of return assumption. 
 The investment portfolios contain a diversified allocation of investment categories, including equities, fixed income securities, hedge funds, and private equity. Securities are also diversified in terms of domestic and international, short- and long-term, growth and value styles, large cap and small cap stocks, and active and passive management. 
 Outside the U.S., pension plan assets are typically managed by decentralized fiduciary committees. There is significant variation in policy asset allocation from country to country. Local regulations, funding rules, and financial and tax considerations are part of the funding and investment allocation process in each country. The weighted average target asset allocations at April 28, 2023 for the plans are equity securities, debt securities, and other. 
 The plans did not hold any investments in the Company s ordinary shares at April 28, 2023 or April 29, 2022. 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Debt securities Other Total 
 Strong performance on equity securities during the fiscal year resulted in asset allocations different than targets. Management expects to move the allocations closer to target over the intermediate term. 
 
 Retirement Benefit Plan Asset Fair Values The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for retirement benefit plan assets measured at fair value: 
 Short-term investments: Valued at the closing price reported in the active markets in which the individual security is traded. 
 Mutual funds: Comprised of investments in equity and fixed income securities held in pooled investment vehicles. The valuations of mutual funds are based on the respective net asset values which are determined by the fund daily at market close. The net asset values are calculated based on the valuation of the underlying assets which are determined using observable inputs. The net asset values are publicly reported. 
 Equity commingled trusts: Comprised of investments in equity securities held in pooled investment vehicles. The valuations of equity commingled trusts are based on the respective net asset values which are determined by the fund daily at market close. The net asset values are calculated based on the valuation of the underlying assets which are determined using observable inputs. The net asset values are not publicly reported, and funds are valued at the net asset value practical expedient. 
 Fixed income commingled trusts: Comprised of investments in fixed income securities held in pooled investment vehicles. The valuations of fixed income commingled trusts are based on the respective net asset values which are determined by the fund daily at market close. The net asset values are calculated based on the valuation of the underlying assets which are determined using observable inputs. The net asset values are not publicly reported, and funds are valued at the net asset value practical expedient. 
 Partnership units: Valued based on the year-end net asset values of the underlying partnerships. The net asset values of the partnerships are based on the fair values of the underlying investments of the partnerships. Quoted market prices are used to value the underlying investments of the partnerships, where the partnerships consist of the investment pools which invest primarily in common stocks. Partnership units include partnerships, private equity investments, and real estate investments. Partnerships primarily include long/short equity and absolute return strategies. These investments may be redeemed monthly with notice periods ranging from to days. At April 28, 2023, there are funds in the process of liquidation. Private equity investments consist of common stock and debt instruments of private companies. For private equity funds, the sum of the unfunded commitments at April 28, 2023 is million, and the estimated liquidation period of these funds is expected to be one to years. Real estate investments consist of illiquid real estate holdings. These investments have investment and liquidation periods expected to total years to years in aggregate. At April 28, 2023, there are real estate investments in the process of liquidation. Valuation procedures are utilized to arrive at fair value if a quoted market price is not available for a partnership investment. 
 Registered investment companies: Valued at net asset values which are not publicly reported. The net asset values are calculated based on the valuation of the underlying assets. The underlying assets are valued at the quoted market prices of shares held by the plan at year-end in the active market on which the individual securities are traded. 
 Insurance contracts: Comprised of investments in collective (group) insurance contracts, consisting of individual insurance policies. The policyholder is the employer, and each member is the owner/beneficiary of their individual insurance policy. These policies are a part of the insurance company s general portfolio and participate in the insurer s profit-sharing policy on an excess yield basis. 
 The methods described above may produce fair values that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Company believes its valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Mutual funds Equity commingled trusts Fixed income commingled trusts Partnership units 
 
 Fair Value at Fair Value Measurements Using Inputs Considered as Investments Measured at Net Asset Value (in millions) April 29, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Short-term investments Mutual funds Equity commingled trusts Fixed income commingled trusts Partnership units 
 
 Total realized gains, net Total unrealized gains, net Purchases and sales, net April 29, 2022 
 Total realized gains, net Total unrealized gains, net Purchases and sales, net ) April 28, 2023 

95 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Insurance contracts 
 Fair Value at Fair Value Measurements Using Inputs Considered as Investments Measured at Net Asset Value (in millions) April 29, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Registered investment companies Insurance contracts 
 Non-U.S. pension benefit assets that are valued using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) was million and million as of April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, respectively. The decrease in the fair value of the assets was due to insurance contracts being sold. 
 
 There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both the U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans during the fiscal years ended April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022. 
 Retirement Benefit Plan Funding It is the Company s policy to fund retirement costs within the limits of allowable tax deductions. During fiscal year 2023, the Company made discretionary contributions of approximately million to the U.S. pension plan. Internationally, the Company contributed approximately million for pension benefits during fiscal year 2023. The Company anticipates that it will make contributions of million and million to its U.S. pension benefit plans and non-U.S. pension benefit plans, respectively, in fiscal year 2024. Based on the guidelines under the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the various guidelines which govern the plans outside the U.S., the majority of anticipated fiscal year 2024 contributions will be discretionary. The Company believes that pension assets, returns on invested pension assets, and Company contributions will be able to meet its pension and other post-retirement obligations in the future. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2033 
 Post-retirement Benefit Plans The net periodic benefit cost associated with the Company s post-retirement benefit plans was income of million, million, and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company s projected benefit obligation for all post-retirement benefit plans was million and million at April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, respectively. The Company s fair value of plan assets for all post-retirement benefit plans was million and million at April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, respectively. The post-retirement benefit plan assets at both April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022 primarily comprised of equity and fixed commingled trusts, consistent with the U.S. retirement benefit plan assets outlined in the fair value leveling tables above. 
 Defined Contribution Savings Plans The Company has defined contribution savings plans that cover substantially all U.S. employees and certain non-U.S. employees. The general purpose of these plans is to provide additional financial security during retirement by providing employees with an incentive to make regular savings. Company contributions to the plans are based on employee contributions and Company performance. Expense recognized under these plans was million, million, and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

new plans: an additional defined benefit pension plan, the Personal Pension Account (PPA), and a new defined contribution plan, the Personal Investment Account (PIA). Employees in the U.S. hired on or after May 1, 2005 but before January 1, 2016 had the option to participate in either the PPA or the PIA. Participants in the PPA receive an annual allocation of their salary and bonus on which they will receive an annual guaranteed rate of return, which is based on the Treasury bond rate. Participants in the PIA also receive an annual allocation of their salary and bonus; however, they are allowed to determine how to invest their funds among identified fund alternatives. The cost associated with the PPA is included in U.S. Pension Benefits in the tables presented earlier. The defined contribution cost associated with the PIA was approximately million, million, and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Effective January 1, 2016, the Company froze participation in the existing defined benefit (PPA) and contribution (PIA) pension plans in the U.S. and implemented a new form of benefit under the existing defined contribution plan for legacy Covidien employees and employees in the U.S. hired on or after January 1, 2016 or rehired after July 1, 2020. Participants in the Medtronic Core Contribution (MCC) also receive an annual allocation of their salary and bonus and are allowed to determine how to invest their funds among identified fund alternatives. The defined contribution cost associated with the MCC was approximately million, million, and million and in fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 16. 
 Current liability Other accrued expenses Non-current liability Other liabilities 
 Years Years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Short-term lease cost Total operating lease cost 
 The following table summarizes the cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities for fiscal year 2023, 2022, and 2021: 
 Fiscal Year (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total expected lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Total lease liability 
 The Company makes certain products available to customers under lease arrangements, including arrangements whereby equipment is placed with customers who then purchase consumable products to accompany the use of the equipment. Income arising from arrangements where the Company is the lessor is recognized within net sales in the consolidated statements of income and the Company's net investments in sales-type leases are included in other current assets and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Lessor income and the related assets and lease maturities were not material to the consolidated financial statements at or for the fiscal year ended April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

17. 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Reclassifications Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) April 30, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Reclassifications ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) April 29, 2022 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Reclassifications ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) April 28, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 The income tax on gains and losses on investment securities in other comprehensive income before reclassifications during fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021 was a benefit of million, a benefit of million, and an expense of million, respectively. During fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, realized gains and losses on investment securities reclassified from AOCI were reduced by income taxes of million, million and million, respectively. When realized, gains and losses on investment securities reclassified from AOCI are recognized within other non-operating income, net . Refer to Note 5 for additional information. 
 During fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, the income tax on cumulative translation adjustment was a benefit of million, a benefit of million, and an expense of million, respectively. 
 During fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, there were tax impacts on net investment hedges. Refer to Note 7 for additional information. 
 The net change in retirement obligations in other comprehensive income includes amortization of net actuarial losses included in net periodic benefit cost. The income tax on the net change in retirement obligations in other comprehensive income before reclassifications during fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021 resulted in an expense of million, million, and million, respectively. During fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, the gains and losses on defined benefit and pension items reclassified from AOCI were reduced by income taxes of million, million, and million, respectively. When realized, net gains and losses on defined benefit and pension items reclassified from AOCI are recognized within other non-operating income, net . Refer to Note 15 for additional information. 
 The income tax on unrealized gains and losses on cash flow hedges in other comprehensive income before reclassifications during fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021 was an expense of million, an expense of million, and a benefit of million, respectively. Amounts reclassified from AOCI related to cash flow hedges included income taxes of million, million, and million for fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. When realized, gains and losses on currency exchange rate contracts reclassified from AOCI are recognized within other operating (income) expense, net or cost of products sold. Refer to Note 7 for additional information. 
 
 18. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million of certain litigation income and million and million of certain litigation charges, respectively. At April 28, 2023 and April 29, 2022, accrued litigation was approximately billion. The ultimate cost to the Company with respect to accrued litigation could be materially different than the amount of the current estimates and accruals and could have a material adverse impact on the Company s consolidated earnings, financial position, and/or cash flows. The Company includes accrued litigation in other accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. While it is not possible to predict the outcome for most of the legal matters discussed below, the Company believes it is possible that the costs associated with these matters could have a material adverse impact on the Company s consolidated earnings, financial position, and/or cash flows. 
 
 Intellectual Property Matters 
 
 At any given time, the Company is involved in litigation relating to patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property (IP) rights, and licenses, acquisitions or other agreements relating to such rights. This litigation includes, but is not limited to, alleged infringement or misappropriation of IP rights, or breach of obligations related to IP rights, or other claims asserted by competitors, individuals, or, consistent with a growing trend across technology-intensive industries, other entities created specifically to fund IP litigation. While the outcome of these litigation matters is inherently uncertain, it is possible that the results of such litigation could require the Company to pay significant monetary damages and/or royalty payments, and negatively impact the Company's ability to sell current or future products, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company's business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 
 Colibri 
 
 The Company is a defendant in patent litigation brought by Colibri Heart Valve LLC (Colibri) in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. Colibri alleges infringement of one patent by the Company s Evolut family of transcatheter aortic valve replacement devices. The patent asserted by Colibri has expired. On February 8, 2023, a jury returned a verdict against the Company for approximately million. The Company has strong arguments to appeal the verdict and is pursuing its appeal. The Company has not recognized an expense in connection with this matter because it does not currently believe a loss is probable. 
 Product Liability Matters 
 Pelvic Mesh Litigation 
 The Company is currently involved in litigation in various state and federal courts against manufacturers of pelvic mesh products alleging personal injuries resulting from the implantation of those products. subsidiaries of Covidien supplied pelvic mesh products to of the manufacturers, C.R. Bard (Bard), named in the litigation. The litigation includes a federal multi-district litigation in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of West Virginia and cases in various state courts and jurisdictions outside the U.S. Generally, complaints allege design and manufacturing claims, failure to warn, breach of warranty, fraud, violations of state consumer protection laws and loss of consortium claims. In fiscal year 2016, Bard paid the Company million towards the settlement of of these claims. In May 2017, the agreement with Bard was amended to extend the terms to apply to up to an additional claims. That agreement does not resolve the dispute between the Company and Bard with respect to claims that do not settle, if any. As part of the agreement, the Company and Bard agreed to dismiss without prejudice their pending litigation with respect to Bard s obligation to defend and indemnify the Company. The Company estimates law firms representing approximately claimants have asserted or may assert claims involving products 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

of these claims. The Company's accrued expenses for this matter are included within accrued litigation as discussed above. 
 Hernia Mesh Litigation 
 Starting in fiscal year 2020, plaintiffs began filing lawsuits against certain subsidiaries of the Company in U.S. state and federal courts that allege personal injury from hernia mesh products sold by those subsidiaries. As of June 7, 2023, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries have been named as defendants in lawsuits filed on behalf of approximately individual plaintiffs, and certain plaintiffs law firms have advised the Company that they may file additional cases in the future. Approximately plaintiffs have filed lawsuits in a coordinated proceeding in Massachusetts state court, where they have been consolidated before a single judge. Approximately plaintiffs have filed lawsuits in a coordinated action in Minnesota state court, and there are approximately actions coordinated in a federal Multidistrict Litigation in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The pending lawsuits relate almost entirely to hernia mesh products that have not been subject to recalls, withdrawals, or other adverse regulatory action. The Company has not recorded an expense related to damages in connection with these matters because any potential loss is not currently probable and reasonably estimable. Additionally, the Company is unable to reasonably estimate the range of loss, if any, that may result from these matters. 
 
 Diabetes Pump Retainer Ring Litigation 
 
 Starting in fiscal year 2021, plaintiffs began filing lawsuits against the Diabetes Operating Unit in U.S. state and federal courts alleging personal injury from Series 600 insulin pumps with allegedly defective clear retainer rings that were subject to field corrective actions in 2019 and 2021. As of May 30, 2023, individual plaintiffs have filed lawsuits, and certain plaintiffs law firms have notified the Company that they may file additional lawsuits in the future on behalf of thousands of additional claimants. Most of the filed suits are coordinated in California state court. The Company has not recorded an expense related to damages in connection with these matters because any potential loss is not currently probable and reasonably estimable. Additionally, the Company is unable to reasonably estimate the range of loss, if any, that may result from these matters. 
 Environmental Proceedings 
 The Company is a successor to several investigation and cleanup actions at various stages related to environmental remediation matters at a number of sites, including in Orrington, Maine. These projects relate to a variety of activities, including removal of solvents, metals and other hazardous substances from soil and groundwater. The ultimate cost of site cleanup and timing of future cash flows is difficult to predict given uncertainties regarding the extent of the required cleanup, the interpretation of applicable laws and regulations, and alternative cleanup methods. 
 The Company is also a successor to a party named in a lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maine in the early 2000's by the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Maine People's Alliance relating to mercury contamination of the Penobscot River and Bay and options for remediating such contamination. In March 2021, the parties notified the court that they had agreed on a settlement in principle of all issues in this matter, and in September 2022 the parties filed a joint motion for final approval by the court. In October 2022, the court issued a final order approving the settlement and the parties are working with consultants on implementation of remedial activities. The final court order did not result in a change to the Company's previous accrual for this matter. 
 The Company's accrued expenses for these various environmental proceedings are included within accrued litigation as discussed above. 
 Income Taxes 
 In March 2009, the IRS issued its audit report on Medtronic, Inc. for fiscal years 2005 and 2006. Medtronic, Inc. reached agreement with the IRS on some, but not all matters related to these fiscal years. The remaining unresolved issue for fiscal years 2005 and 2006 relates to the allocation of income between Medtronic, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary operating in Puerto Rico, which is one of the Company's key manufacturing sites. The U.S. Tax Court (Tax Court) reviewed this dispute, and in June 2016, issued an opinion with respect to the allocation of income between the parties for fiscal years 2005 and 2006 whereby it generally rejected the IRS s position, but also made certain modifications to the Medtronic, Inc. tax returns as filed. In April 2017, the IRS filed a Notice of Appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit regarding the Tax Court opinion. Oral argument for the Appeal occurred in March 2018. The U.S. Court of Appeals issued its opinion in August 2018 and remanded the case back to the Tax Court for additional factual findings, which it concluded in June 2021. The Tax Court issued its opinion on August 18, 2022, and it remains subject to appeal by either or both parties. At this time, the Company is evaluating whether to file an appeal. 
 The IRS has issued its audit reports on Medtronic, Inc. for fiscal years 2007 through 2016. Medtronic, Inc. and the IRS have reached agreement on all significant issues except for the allocation of income between Medtronic, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary operating in Puerto Rico for the businesses that are the subject of the U.S. Tax Court matter for fiscal years 2005 and 2006. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

19. 
 principal operating and reportable segments are as follows: Cardiovascular Portfolio, Medical Surgical Portfolio, Neuroscience Portfolio, and Diabetes Operating Unit. 
 The Company's management has chosen to organize the entity based upon therapy solutions provided by each segment. The principal segments are strategic businesses that are managed separately, as each one develops and manufactures products and provides services oriented toward targeted therapy solutions. 
 The primary products and services from which the Cardiovascular Portfolio segment derives its revenues include products for the diagnosis, treatment, and management of cardiac rhythm disorders and cardiovascular disease, as well as services to diagnose, treat, and manage heart and vascular-related disorders and diseases. 
 The primary products and services from which the Medical Surgical Portfolio segment derives its revenues include those focused on diseases of the respiratory system, gastrointestinal tract, lungs, pelvic region, kidneys, obesity, and other preventable complications. 
 The primary products and services from which the Neuroscience Portfolio segment derives its revenues include those focused on neurostimulation therapies and drug delivery systems for the treatment of chronic pain, as well as various areas of the spine and brain, along with pelvic health and conditions of the ear, nose, and throat. 
 The primary products from which the Diabetes Operating Unit segment derives its revenues include those focused on diabetes management, including insulin pumps, continuous glucose monitoring systems and sensors, and smart insulin pens. 
 As of the beginning of fiscal year 2024, the Company realigned the operating segment structure as a result of changes in segment leadership and how the Company makes operating decisions and assesses business performance. We continue to have four reportable segments: Cardiovascular Portfolio, Medical Surgical Portfolio, Neuroscience Portfolio, and Diabetes Operating Unit; however, the transition activities from the previously divested businesses in the Medical Surgical Portfolio segment are now in an all other reporting segment. 
 Segment disclosures are on a performance basis, consistent with internal management reporting. Net sales of the Company's segments include end-customer revenues from the sale of products the segment develops, manufactures, and distributes. Refer to Note 2 for discussion on net sales by segment. There are certain corporate and centralized expenses that are not allocated to the segments. The Company's management evaluates the performance of the segments and allocates resources based on net sales and segment operating profit. Segment operating profit represents income before income taxes, excluding interest income or expense, amortization of intangible assets, centralized distribution costs, non-operating income or expense items, certain corporate charges, and other items not allocated to the segments. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Medical Surgical Neuroscience Diabetes Segment operating profit Interest expense ) ) ) Other non-operating income, net Amortization of intangible assets ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) Currency ) Centralized distribution costs ) ) ) Restructuring and associated costs ) ) ) Acquisition-related items ) Divestiture and separation-related items ) Certain litigation charges, net ) ) Impairment of abandoned intangible assets ) MCS impairment / costs ) IPR D charges ) ) Medical device regulations ) ) ) Commitments to the Medtronic Foundation and Medtronic LABS ) Income before income taxes 
 Medical Surgical Neuroscience Diabetes Segments Corporate Total 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 
 Medtronic plc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

United States Rest of world Total other countries, excluding Ireland Total 
 No single customer represented over 10 percent of the Company s consolidated net sales in fiscal years 2023, 2022, or 2021. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) and changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are effective. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of April 28, 2023. The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of April 28, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended April 28, 2023, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 As reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the second and third quarters of fiscal year 2023, Medtronic has engaged in certain activities that it is required to disclose pursuant to Section 13(r)(1)(D)(ii) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In particular, during the second and third quarters of fiscal year 2023, Medtronic engaged in certain regulatory activities involving Russia s Federal Security Service FSB related to its medical devices that were expressly authorized by the U.S. Government under applicable economic sanctions regulations. 
 During the second and third quarters of fiscal year 2023, in the normal course of business and consistent with the OFAC authorizations as in effect at the time, Medtronic Russia filed a total of four notifications with the FSB, as required under local Russian law for the import of medical devices that make use of encryption functionality. These activities did not directly result in any revenues or profits for Medtronic. Medtronic did not engage in these activities during the first and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2023. To the extent that notifications with the FSB remain permissible under U.S. law, Medtronic may decide to continue engaging in such activities for the limited purposes of complying with local law requirements in Russia. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporates information by reference from the Company's 2023 definitive proxy statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after April 28, 2023. 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 The sections entitled Proposal 1 Election of Directors Directors and Nominees, Corporate Governance Committees of the Board and Meetings, and Share Ownership Information Delinquent Section 16(a) Report in the Company's Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after April 28, 2023, are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Set forth below are the names and ages of our Executive Officers of Medtronic, as well as information regarding their positions with Medtronic, their periods of service in these capacities, and their business experiences. There are no family relationships among any of the officers named, nor is there any arrangement or understanding pursuant to which any person was selected as an officer. 
 The following table shows the name, age, and position as of April 28, 2023 of each of our Executive Officers: 
 Name Age Position with the Company Geoffrey S. Martha 53 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ivan K. Fong 61 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company Robert ten Hoedt 62 Executive Vice President and President, Global Regions Karen L. Parkhill 57 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Sean Salmon 58 Executive Vice President and President, Cardiovascular Portfolio Gregory L. Smith 59 Executive Vice President, Global Operations and Supply Chain Brett Wall 58 Executive Vice President and President, Neuroscience Portfolio Robert J. White 60 Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgical Portfolio 
 Geoffrey S. Martha , age 53, is Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Medtronic. Mr. Martha assumed the role of CEO on April 27, 2020 and became Chairman of the Board on December 11, 2020. Prior to his role as Chairman and CEO, he served as President of Medtronic from November 2019 through April 2020 and joined the Board of Directors in November 2019. Previously, Mr. Martha served as Executive Vice President and President, Restorative Therapies Group, a role he held since August 2015. Mr. Martha previously served as Senior Vice President of Strategy and Business Development of the Company beginning in January 2015 and of Medtronic, Inc. beginning in August 2011. Prior to that, he served as Managing Director of Business Development at GE Healthcare from April 2007 to July 2011; General Manager for GE Capital Technology Finance Services from November 2003 to March 2007; Senior Vice President, Business Development for GE Capital Vendor Financial Services from February 2002 to October 2003; General Manager for GE Capital Colonial Pacific Leasing from February 2001 to January 2002; and Vice President, Business Development for Potomac Federal, the GE Capital federal financing investment bank from May 1998 to January 2001. 
 Ivan K. Fong , age 61, has been Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company since February 2022. Prior to that, he held several leadership positions at 3M Company from 2012 to 2022, including Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Policy Officer and Secretary. Prior to joining 3M Company, Mr. Fong served as General Counsel of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security from 2009 to 2012. Prior to his role with the U.S. Government, he was Chief Legal Officer and Secretary for Cardinal Health, Inc from 2005 to 2009. Mr. Fong currently serves on the Board of Cboe Global Markets. 
 Robert ten Hoedt , age 62, is Executive Vice President and President of the Global Regions. He previously served as Executive Vice President and President, EMEA Region of the Company since January 2015 and of Medtronic, Inc. since May 2014, as well as President, APAC Region since March 2022. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President and President, EMEA and Canada from 2009 to 2014; Vice President CardioVascular Europe and Central Asia from 2006 to 2009; Vice President and General Manager, Vitatron from 1999 to 2006; Gastro-Uro leader from 1994 to 1999; and Marketing Manager, Neurological from 1991 to 1994. 
 Karen L. Parkhill , age 57, joined the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in June 2016. From 2011 to 2016, Ms. Parkhill served as Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Comerica Incorporated. Ms. Parkhill was a member of Comerica s Management Executive Committee and the Comerica Bank Board of Directors. Prior to joining Comerica, Ms. Parkhill worked for J.P. Morgan Chase Co. in various capacities from 1992 to 2011, including serving as Chief Financial Officer of the Commercial Banking business from 2007 to 2011. Ms. Parkhill is also a current member of the Board of Directors for American Express. 
 Sean Salmon, age 58, has been Executive Vice President and President of Medtronic's Cardiovascular Portfolio since January 2021. Mr. Salmon previously served as Executive Vice President and President of the Diabetes Operating Unit (previously known as Diabetes Group) from October 2019 to May 2022. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President and President of Coronary and Structural Heart Business 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 within the Cardiac and Vascular Group of the Company beginning in July 2014. Mr. Salmon is a seasoned leader who has been with Medtronic since 2004 and spent the past 16 years in increasingly senior levels of management. Prior to joining Medtronic, Mr. Salmon worked at CR Bard and Johnson Johnson. 
 Gregory Smith, age 59, is Executive Vice President, Global Operations and Supply Chain, a position he has held since April 2021. Prior to joining Medtronic, he was Executive Vice President of U.S. Supply Chain at Walmart. In addition, Mr. Smith served as Senior Vice President, Global Operations at The Goodyear Tire Rubber Company, and held leadership roles at ConAgra Foods, United Signature Foods, VDK Frozen Foods and Quaker Oats. 
 Brett Wall, age 58, is Executive Vice President and President of Medtronic s Neuroscience Portfolio. Mr. Wall previously served as Senior Vice President and President of the Brain Therapies division of Medtronic within the Restorative Therapies Group from March 2016 to November 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Wall served as SVP and President of Medtronic s Neurovascular business. Prior to joining Medtronic, he served as Covidien s SVP and President of Neurovascular as well as Senior Vice President and President of the International Vascular Therapies business for Covidien. Mr. Wall also served as Senior Vice President and President, International at ev3, Inc. From 2000 to 2008, Brett held various marketing and sales positions with ev3, Inc. and Micro Therapeutics, Inc. Mr. Wall has also worked at Boston Scientific as Director of Marketing, Cardiovascular, Asia Pacifica and Marketing Manager, Japan, from September 1995 to September 2000. 
 Robert J. White , age 60, is Executive Vice President and President, Medical Surgical Portfolio. Since 2017, Mr. White has served as Executive Vice President and Group President of the Minimally Invasive Therapies Group of Medtronic. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President and President, Asia Pacific from January 2015 to December 2017. He had served as President, Emerging Markets, President, Respiratory and Monitoring Solutions and Vice President and General Manager of Patient Monitoring at Covidien. He also held various leadership positions at GE Healthcare and IBM. Mr. White is also a current member of the Board of Directors of Smith Nephew plc. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The sections entitled Corporate Governance Director Compensation, Corporate Governance Committees of the Board and Meetings, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, and Executive Compensation in Medtronic's Proxy Statement for the Company's 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after April 28, 2023, are incorporated herein by reference. The section entitled Compensation Committee Report in Medtronic's Proxy Statement for the Company's 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after April 28, 2023, is furnished herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 The sections entitled Share Ownership Information Significant Shareholders, Share Ownership Information Beneficial Ownership of Management, and Executive Compensation Equity Compensation Plan Information in Medtronic's Proxy Statement for the Company's 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after April 28, 2023, are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The sections entitled Corporate Governance Director Independence and Corporate Governance Related Party Transactions and Other Matters in Medtronic's Proxy Statement for the Company's 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after April 28, 2023, are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The sections entitled Corporate Governance Committees of the Board and Meetings and Audit and Non-Audit Fees in Medtronic's Proxy Statement for the Company's 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after April 28, 2023, are incorporated herein by reference. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) 1. Financial Statement Schedule Schedule II. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts years ended April 28, 2023, April 29, 2022, and April 30, 2021. 
 
 ) (a) Fiscal year ended April 29, 2022 ) (a) Fiscal year ended April 30, 2021 ) (a) Inventory reserve: Fiscal year ended April 28, 2023 ) (b) Fiscal year ended April 29, 2022 ) (b) Fiscal year ended April 30, 2021 ) (b) Deferred tax valuation allowance: Fiscal year ended April 28, 2023 (c) ) (d) 1 (e) (27) (f) Fiscal year ended April 29, 2022 ) (e) ) (d) Fiscal year ended April 30, 2021 (e) ) (d) 
 (a) Primarily consists of uncollectible accounts written off, less recoveries. (b) Primarily reflects utilization of the inventory reserve. (c) Reflects the impact from acquisitions. (d) Primarily reflects carryover attribute utilization and expiration. (e) Primarily reflects the effects of currency fluctuations. (f) Primarily reflects the impacts from tax rate changes. 

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 2. Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Medtronic plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Medtronic plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Medtronic plc s Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on February 6, 2017, File No. 333-215895). 
 4.1 Form of Indenture between Medtronic, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association regarding 2009 offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Medtronic, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on March 9, 2009, File No. 333-157777). 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 12, 2009, between Medtronic, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including the Forms of Notes thereof) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Medtronic, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 12, 2009, File No. 001-07707). 
 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated March 16, 2010, between Medtronic, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including the Forms of Notes thereof) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Medtronic, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 16, 2010, File No. 001-07707). 
 4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated March 15, 2011, between Medtronic, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including the Forms of Notes thereof) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Medtronic, Inc. s Current report on Form 8-K, filed on March 16, 2011, File No. 001-07707). 
 4.5 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 19, 2012, between Medtronic, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including the Forms of Notes thereof) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Medtronic, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 20, 2012, File No. 001-07707). 
 4.6 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 26, 2013, between Medtronic, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including the Forms of Notes thereof) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Medtronic, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 26, 2013, File No. 001-07707). 
 4.7 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated February 27, 2014, between Medtronic, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including the Form of Global Note thereof) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Medtronic, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 27, 2014, File No. 001-07707). 
 4.8 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 26, 2015, by and among Medtronic plc, Medtronic, Inc., Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K12B, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 4.9 Indenture, dated December 10, 2014, between Medtronic, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Medtronic, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 10, 2014, File No. 001-07707). 
 4.10 First Supplemental Indenture, dated December 10, 2014, between Medtronic, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including Form of Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2020, Form of 1.500 Senior Notes due 2018, Form of 2.500 Senior Notes due 2020, Form of 3.150 Senior Notes due 2022, Form of 3.500 Senior Notes due 2025, Form of 4.375 Senior Notes due 2035 and Form of 4.625 Senior Notes due 2045) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Medtronic, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 10, 2014, File No. 001-07707). 
 4.11 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 26, 2015, by and among Medtronic plc and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K12B, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 4.12 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 26, 2015, by and among Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K12B, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 4.13 Indenture, dated as of October 22, 2007, by and among Covidien International Finance S.A., Covidien Ltd. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1(a) to Covidien plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2007, File No. 001-33259). 
 4.14 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 22, 2007, by and among Covidien International Finance S.A., Covidien Ltd. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1(e) to Covidien plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2007, File No. 001-33259). 
 4.15 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 4, 2009, by and among Covidien International Finance S.A., Covidien Ltd., Covidien plc and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Covidien plc s Current Report on Form 8-K12G3 filed on June 5, 2009, File No. 001-33259). 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 4.16 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 28, 2010, among Covidien International Finance S.A., Covidien Ltd., Covidien plc and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Covidien plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010, File No. 001-33259). 
 4.17 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 30, 2012, among Covidien International Finance S.A., Covidien Ltd., Covidien plc and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Covidien plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 30, 2012, File No. 001-33259). 
 4.18 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 16, 2013, among Covidien International Finance S.A., Covidien Ltd., Covidien plc and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Covidien plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2013, File No. 001-33259). 
 4.19 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 26, 2015, by and among Medtronic plc, Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A., Covidien public limited company, Covidien International Finance S.A., Covidien Ltd. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K12B, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 4.20 Senior Indenture, dated as of March 28, 2017, by and among Medtronic plc, Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A., Medtronic, Inc., and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 28, 2017, File No. 001-36820). 
 
 4.21 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 28, 2017, by and among Medtronic plc, Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A., Medtronic, Inc., and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 28, 2017, File No. 001-36820). 
 
 4.22 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 7, 2019, by and among Medtronic plc, Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A., Medtronic, Inc., Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 7, 2019, File No. 001-36820). 
 4.23 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2019, among Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A., Medtronic, Inc. and Medtronic plc, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, and Elavon Financial Services DAC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Medtronic plc' Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 2, 2019, File No. 001-36820) . 
 4.24 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 29, 2020, among Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A., Medtronic, Inc. and Medtronic plc, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, and Elavon Financial Services DAC, as paying agent (including the forms of the 2023 Notes, the 2025 Notes, the 2028 Notes, the 2032 Notes, the 2040 Notes and the 2050 Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Medtronic plc' Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 29, 2020, File No. 001-36820) . 
 #4.25 Description of Registrant's Securities . 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2018, by and among Medtronic Global Holdings, SCA, certain subsidiaries named therein, Medtronic, Inc., Medtronic PLC, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A. as Administration Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 13, 2018, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.2 Amendment No. 1 and Extension Agreement to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2019, among Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A., Medtronic, Inc., Medtronic PLC, the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 10-Q, filed on February 28, 2020, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.3 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2020, among Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A., Medtronic, Inc., Medtronic PLC, the Lenders party thereto and Mizuho Bank, LTD., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 12, 2020, File No. 001-36820). 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 10.4 Form of Deed of Indemnification (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K12B, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K12B, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.6 Change of Control Severance Plan - Section 16B Officers (as amended and restated as of January 26, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.7 Letter Agreement by and between Medtronic, Inc. and Carol Surface dated August 22, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to Medtronic, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 25, 2014, filed on June 20, 2014, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.8 Letter Agreement by and between Medtronic, Inc. and Bradley E. Lerman dated May 2, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 25, 2014, filed on August 29, 2014, File No. 001-07707) . 
 10.9 Letter Agreement by and between Medtronic, Inc. and Karen Parkhill dated May 2, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medtronic, plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 4, 2016, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.10 Office of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Letter Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on December 3, 2019, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.11 Form of Offer Letter Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 23, 2015, filed on February 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.12 1998 Outside Director Stock Compensation Plan (as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2008) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 25, 2008, filed on, filed on March 4, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.13 Amendment to the 1998 Outside Director Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.14 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2008) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28, 2008, filed on March 4, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.15 Amendment to the 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.16 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28, 2005, filed on March 7, 2005, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.17 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (four year vesting) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28, 2005, filed on March 7, 2005, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.18 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (immediate vesting) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28, 2005, filed on March 7, 2005, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.19 Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Medtronic, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 29, 2005, filed on June 29, 2005, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.20 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Medtronic, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 29, 2005, filed on June 29, 2005, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.21 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan effective June 22, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Medtronic, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 28, 2006, filed on June 28, 2006, File No. 001-07707). 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 10.22 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan effective June 22, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Medtronic, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 28, 2006, filed on June 28, 2006, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.23 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan effective June 22, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Medtronic, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 28, 2006, filed on June 28, 2006, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.24 Form of Performance Award Agreement under 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan effective June 22, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Medtronic, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 28, 2006, filed on June 28, 2006, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.25 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 26, 2007, filed on December 4, 2007, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.26 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 26, 2007, filed on December 4, 2007, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.27 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to Medtronic, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 25, 2008, filed on June 24, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.28 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to Medtronic, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 25, 2008, filed on June 24, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.29 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to Medtronic, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 25, 2008, filed on June 24, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.30 Israeli Amendment to the 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 25, 2008, filed on March 4, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.31 2008 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective August 27, 2009) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 30, 2009, filed on December 9, 2009, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.32 Amendment to the 2008 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.33 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2008 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 25, 2008, filed on September 3, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.34 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2008 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 25, 2008, filed on September 3, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.35 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2008 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 25, 2008, filed on September 3, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.36 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2008 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 25, 2008, filed on September 3, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.37 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under 2008 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 25, 2008, filed on September 3, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.38 Terms of Non-Employee Director Compensation under 2008 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to Medtronic, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 27, 2012, filed on June 26, 2012, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.39 Form of Non-Employee Director Initial Option Agreement under 2008 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 24, 2008, filed on December 3, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 10.40 Form of Non-Employee Director Annual Option Agreement under 2008 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 24, 2008, filed on December 3, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.41 Form of Non-Employee Director Deferred Unit Award Agreement under 2008 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 24, 2008, filed on December 3, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.42 Form of Non-Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to Medtronic plc s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 24, 2015, filed on June 23, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.43 Israeli Amendment to the Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.44 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medtronic plc's Quarterly Report on Form 10-K for the quarter ended July 28, 2017, filed on September 1, 2017, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.45 Medtronic plc Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (as amended and restated generally effective December 8, 2017) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 12, 2017, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.46 Form of Non-qualified Stock Option Agreement Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to Medtronic plc s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed June 22, 2018, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.47 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to Medtronic plc s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed June 22, 2018, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.48 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to Medtronic plc s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed June 22, 2018, File No. 001-36820) 
 10.49 Form of Long Term Performance Award Agreement under Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to Medtronic plc s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed June 22, 2018, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.50 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 23, 2015, filed on February 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.51 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 30, 2020, filed on December 3, 2020, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.52 Form of Non-Employee Director Deferred Unit Award Agreement under the 2008 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Medtronic, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 24, 2008, filed on December 3, 2008, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.53 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Medtronic, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 27, 2013, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.54 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S. Employees) under 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Medtronic, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 27, 2013, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.55 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non-U.S. Employees) under 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Medtronic, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 27, 2013, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.56 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Based) under 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Medtronic, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 27, 2013, File No. 001-07707). 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 10.57 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Israeli-Employees) under 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Medtronic, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 27, 2013, File No. 001-07707). 
 10.58 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 23, 2015, filed on February 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.59 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 23, 2015, filed on February 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.60 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 23, 2015, filed on February 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.61 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 23, 2015, filed on February 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.62 Form of Stock Option Agreement under Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 23, 2015, filed on February 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.63 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 23, 2015, filed on February 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.64 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to Medtronic plc s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 24, 2020, filed on June 19, 2020, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.65 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.70 to Medtronic plc s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 24, 2020, filed on June 19, 2020, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.66 Medtronic plc 2014 Amended and Restated Employees Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.67 Medtronic plc Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective January 26, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.68 Medtronic plc Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (as restated generally effective January 26, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.69 Medtronic Non-Qualified Retirement Plan Supplemental (restated November 6, 2020, and formerly known as the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 30, 2020, filed on December 3, 2020, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.70 Medtronic plc Savings and Investment Plan (as amended and restated generally effective January 26, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.22 to Medtronic plc s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on January 28, 2015, File No. 333-201737). 
 10.71 Medtronic plc Puerto Rico Employees Savings and Investment Plan (as amended and restated generally effective January 26, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 to Medtronic plc s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on January 28, 2015, File No. 333-201737). 
 10.72 Medtronic plc Capital Accumulation Plan Deferral Program (as amended and restated generally effective January 26, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2015, File No. 001-36820). 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 10.73 Capital Accumulation Plan Deferral Program (as amended and restated generally effective January 1, 2017) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 28, 2016, filed on December 5, 2016, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.74 Amended and Restated Covidien Supplemental Savings and Retirement Plan (restated November 6, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 30, 2020, filed on December 3, 2020, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.75 Medtronic Capital Accumulation Plan Deferral Program (restated November 6, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 30, 2020, filed on December 3, 2020, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.76 Amendment No. 3 and Extension Agreement to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2021, by and among Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A., certain subsidiaries of Medtronic plc from time to time party thereto, Medtronic, Inc., Medtronic plc, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America N.A., as administrative agent. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to Medtronic plc s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 14, 2021, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.77 Medtronic Capital Accumulation Plan Deferral Program (as restated generally effective January 1, 2017) (Conformed through the Amendment generally effective as of January 1, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28, 2022, filed on March 3, 2022, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.78 2021 Medtronic plc Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28, 2022, filed on March 3, 2022, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.79 Performance Share Unit Agreement 2021 Medtronic plc Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28, 2022, filed on March 3, 2022, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.80 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 2021 Medtronic plc Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28, 2022, filed on March 3, 2022, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.81 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for awards vesting 100 on the third anniversary of the grant date - 2021 Medtronic plc Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28, 2022, filed on March 3, 2022, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.82 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for awards vesting ratably on the first, second, third, and fourth anniversary of the grant date - 2021 Medtronic plc Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Medtronic plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28, 2022, filed on March 3, 2022, File No. 001-36820). 
 10.83 Amendment No. 4 and Extension Agreement to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 12, 2022. 
 10.84 Annex I to Amendment No. 4 and Extension Agreement to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 12, 2022. 
 #10.85 Amendment No. 2 and Extension Agreement to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 12, 2020 
 #10.86 Medtronic Nonqualified Retirement Plan Supplement dated as of April 28, 2023 
 #21 List of Subsidiaries of Medtronic plc. 
 #22 List of Senior Notes, Issuers and Guarantors. 
 #23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 #24 Power of Attorney. 
 #31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 #31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 #32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 #32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 #101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 #101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document #101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document #101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document #101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document #104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Exhibits that are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. #Filed herewith 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Registrants may voluntarily include a summary of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. The Company has not elected to include such summary information. 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Medtronic plc Dated: June 22, 2023 By: /s/ Geoffrey S. Martha 
 Geoffrey S. Martha Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Medtronic plc Dated: June 22, 2023 By: /s/ Geoffrey S. Martha 
 Geoffrey S. Martha Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: June 22, 2023 By: /s/ Karen L. Parkhill 
 Karen L. Parkhill Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Dated: June 22, 2023 By: /s/ Jennifer M. Kirk Jennifer M. Kirk Senior Vice President, Global Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Directors Richard H. Anderson Craig Arnold Scott C. Donnelly Lidia Fonseca Andrea J. Goldsmith, Ph.D. Randall J. Hogan Kevin E. Lofton Geoffrey S. Martha Elizabeth G. Nabel, M.D. Denise M. O Leary Kendall J. Powell 
 Ivan K. Fong, by signing his name hereto, does hereby sign this document on behalf of each of the above named directors of the registrant pursuant to powers of attorney duly executed by such persons. 
 Dated: June 22, 2023 By: /s/ Ivan K. Fong Ivan K. Fong 
 
 117 

<EX-4.25>
 2
 mdt-202310kxex425.htm
 EX-4.25

Document 

Exhibit 4.25 
 
 The following is a brief description of (i) the ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares ), of Medtronic plc, a company incorporated under the laws of Ireland Medtronic or Medtronic plc ), and (ii) the 0.250 Senior Notes due 2025, 0.000 Senior Notes due 2025, 2.625 Senior Notes due 2025, 1.125 Senior Notes due 2027, 0.375 Senior Notes due 2028, 1.625 Senior Notes due 2031, 1.00 Senior Notes due 2031, 3.125 Senior Notes due 2031, 0.750 Senior Notes due 2032, 3.375 Senior Notes due 2034, 2.250 Senior Notes due 2039, 1.50 Senior Notes due 2039, 1.375 Senior Notes due 2040, 1.75 Senior Notes due 2049, and 1.625 Senior Notes due 2050, issued by Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A., an entity incorporated and existing under the laws of Luxembourg Medtronic Luxco ), which are all of the securities of Medtronic and its subsidiaries registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF MEDTRONIC ORDINARY SHARES 
 
 The following description of Medtronic s share capital is a summary. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended) (the Irish Companies Act and the complete text of Medtronic s memorandum and articles of association, as they may be amended from time to time (the Articles of Association ). Copies of the Articles of Association have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC as exhibit 3.1 to Medtronic s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Capital Structure 
 
 Authorized Share Capital 
 
 Medtronic plc is authorized to issue 2.6 billion ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value 40 thousand euro deferred shares, 1.00 par value 127.5 million preferred shares, 0.20 par value and 500 thousand A preferred shares, 1.00 par value. 
 
 Medtronic may issue shares subject to the maximum authorized share capital contained in the Articles of Association. The authorized share capital may be increased or reduced by a resolution approved by a simple majority of the votes of Medtronic s shareholders cast at a general meeting (referred to under Irish law as an ordinary resolution ). The shares comprising the authorized share capital of Medtronic may be divided into shares of such nominal value as the resolution shall prescribe. As a matter of Irish company law, the directors of a company may issue new ordinary or preferred shares without shareholder approval once authorized to do so by the Articles of Association or by an ordinary resolution adopted by the shareholders at a general meeting. The authorization may be granted for a maximum period of five years, at which point it must be renewed by the shareholders by an ordinary resolution. Medtronic's shareholders adopted an ordinary resolution at the 2022 annual general meeting of Medtronic on December 8, 2022 authorizing the board of directors to issue up to an aggregate nominal amount of 43,879.54 (being equivalent to approximately 33 of the aggregate nominal value of the issued share capital of Medtronic as of August 5, 2022) for a period of 18 months from December 8, 2022. 
 
 The rights and restrictions to which the ordinary shares, euro deferred shares and A preferred shares are subject are prescribed in the Articles of Association. The Articles of Association entitle the Medtronic board of directors, without shareholder approval, to determine the terms of the preferred shares issued by Medtronic. Preferred shares may be preferred as to dividends, rights upon liquidation or voting in such manner as the directors of Medtronic may resolve. The preferred shares may also be redeemable at the option of the holder of the preferred shares or at the option of Medtronic, and may be convertible into or exchangeable for shares of any other class or classes of Medtronic, depending on the terms of such preferred shares. 
 
 The holders of the A preferred shares are entitled in priority to any payments of dividends on any other class of shares in Medtronic to be paid a dividend in the amount per A preferred share equal to twice the dividend to be paid per ordinary share and in addition on a return of assets, whether on liquidation or otherwise, the A preferred shares entitle the holders to repayment of the capital paid up on those shares (including any share premium) in priority to any repayment of capital to the holders of any other shares. The holders of the A preferred shares are not entitled to 

any further participation in the assets or profits of Medtronic, nor are the holders of the A preferred shares, which are non-voting shares, entitled to receive notice of, attend, speak or vote at any general meeting of Medtronic. 
 
 The holders of euro deferred shares are not entitled to receive any dividend or distribution and are not entitled to receive notice of, attend, speak or vote at any general meeting of Medtronic. On a return of assets, the euro deferred shares will entitle the holder only to the repayment of amounts paid up on such shares after repayment of the capital paid up on the ordinary shares plus the payment of 5,000,000 on each ordinary share. There are no euro deferred shares in issue. 
 
 Irish law does not recognize fractional shares held of record. Accordingly, the Articles of Association do not provide for the issuance of fractional shares of Medtronic, and the official Irish register of Medtronic does not reflect any fractional shares. 
 
 Whenever an alteration or reorganization of the share capital of Medtronic would result in any Medtronic shareholder becoming entitled to fractions of a share, the Medtronic board of directors may, on behalf of those shareholders that would become entitled to fractions of a share, arrange for the sale of the shares representing fractions and the distribution of the net proceeds of sale in due proportion among the shareholders who would have been entitled to the fractions. 
 
 Preemption Rights, Share Warrants and Share Options 
 
 Under Irish law certain statutory preemption rights apply automatically in favor of shareholders where shares are to be issued for cash. Medtronic initially opted out of these preemption rights in the Articles of Association as permitted under Irish company law. Because Irish law requires this opt-out to be renewed every five years by a resolution approved by not less than 75 of the votes of the shareholders of Medtronic cast at a general meeting (referred to under Irish law as a special resolution ), the Articles of Association provide that this opt-out must be so renewed. If the opt-out is not renewed, shares issued for cash must be offered to existing shareholders of Medtronic on a pro rata basis to their existing shareholding before the shares can be issued to any new shareholders. The statutory preemption rights do not apply where shares are issued for non-cash consideration (such as in a stock-for-stock acquisition) and do not apply to the issue of non-equity shares (that is, shares that have the right to participate only up to a specified amount in any income or capital distribution) or where shares are issued pursuant to an employee stock option or similar equity plan. Medtronic's shareholders passed a special resolution at the 2022 annual general meeting of Medtronic on December 8, 2022 authorizing the Medtronic board of directors to opt out of preemption rights with respect to the issuance of equity securities up to an aggregate nominal value of 13,296.83 (being equivalent to approximately 10 of the aggregate nominal value of the issued ordinary share capital of Medtronic as of August 5, 2022) for a period of 18 months from December 8, 2022 (provided that with respect to 66,484,152 of such shares (being equivalent to approximately 5 of the issued ordinary share capital of Medtronic as of August 5, 2022), such allotment is to be used for the purposes of an acquisition or a specified capital investment). 
 
 The Articles of Association of Medtronic provide that, subject to any shareholder approval requirement under any laws, regulations or the rules of any stock exchange to which Medtronic is subject, the board is authorized, from time to time, in its discretion, to grant such persons, for such periods and upon such terms as the board deems advisable, options to purchase such number of shares of any class or classes or of any series of any class as the board may deem advisable, and to cause warrants or other appropriate instruments evidencing such options to be issued. The Irish Companies Act provides that directors may issue share warrants or options without shareholder approval once authorized to do so by the Articles of Association or an ordinary resolution of shareholders. Medtronic is subject to the rules of the NYSE and the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which require shareholder approval of certain equity plan and share issuances. Medtronic s board of directors may issue shares upon exercise of warrants or options without shareholder approval or authorization (up to the relevant authorized share capital limit). 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Under Irish law, dividends and distributions may be made only from distributable reserves. Distributable reserves generally means accumulated realized profits less accumulated realized losses and includes reserves created by way 

of capital reduction. In addition, no distribution or dividend may be made unless the net assets of Medtronic are equal to, or in excess of, the aggregate of Medtronic s called up share capital plus undistributable reserves and the distribution does not reduce Medtronic s net assets below such aggregate. Undistributable reserves include the share premium account, the par value of Medtronic shares acquired by Medtronic and the amount by which Medtronic s accumulated unrealized profits, so far as not previously utilized by any capitalization, exceed Medtronic s accumulated unrealized losses, so far as not previously written off in a reduction or reorganization of capital. 
 
 The determination as to whether or not Medtronic has sufficient distributable reserves to fund a dividend must be made by reference to relevant financial statements of Medtronic. The relevant financial statements will be either the last set of unconsolidated annual audited financial statements or other financial statements properly prepared in accordance with the Irish Companies Act, which give a true and fair view of Medtronic s unconsolidated financial position and accord with accepted accounting practice. The relevant financial statements must be filed in the Companies Registration Office (the official public registry for companies in Ireland). 
 
 The Articles of Association authorize the directors to declare dividends out of funds lawfully available for the purpose without shareholder approval. The board of directors may also recommend a dividend to be approved and declared by the Medtronic shareholders at a general meeting. The board of directors may direct that the payment be made by distribution of assets, shares or cash and no dividend issued may exceed the amount recommended by the directors. Dividends may be declared and paid in the form of cash or non-cash assets and may be paid in U.S. dollars or any other currency. 
 
 The directors of Medtronic may deduct from any dividend payable to any shareholder any amounts payable by such shareholder to Medtronic in relation to the shares of Medtronic. 
 
 The directors may also authorize Medtronic to issue shares with preferred rights to participate in dividends declared by Medtronic. The holders of preferred shares may, depending on their terms, rank senior to the Medtronic ordinary shares in terms of dividend rights and or be entitled to claim arrears of a declared dividend out of subsequently declared dividends in priority to ordinary shareholders. 
 
 Please see Description of Medtronic Ordinary Shares Capital Structure Authorized Share Capital for additional information on dividend rights. 
 
 Share Repurchases, Redemptions and Conversions 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Articles of Association provide that any ordinary share which Medtronic has agreed to acquire will be deemed to be a redeemable share, unless the board resolves otherwise. Accordingly, for Irish company law purposes, the repurchase of ordinary shares by Medtronic may technically be effected as a redemption of those shares as described below under Description of Medtronic Ordinary Shares Share Repurchases, Redemptions and Conversions Repurchases and Redemptions by Medtronic . If the Articles of Association did not contain such provision, all repurchases by Medtronic would be subject to many of the same rules that apply to purchases of Medtronic ordinary shares by subsidiaries described below under Purchases by Subsidiaries of Medtronic , including the shareholder approval requirements described below and the requirement that any on-market purchases be effected on a recognized stock exchange. Except where otherwise noted, references to repurchasing or buying back ordinary shares of Medtronic refer to the redemption of ordinary shares by Medtronic or the purchase of ordinary shares of Medtronic by a subsidiary of Medtronic, in each case in accordance with the Articles of Association and Irish company law as described below. 
 
 Repurchases and Redemptions by Medtronic 
 
 Under Irish law, a company may issue redeemable shares and redeem them out of distributable reserves or the proceeds of a new issue of shares for that purpose. Medtronic may only issue redeemable shares if the nominal value of the issued share capital that is not redeemable is not less than 10 of the nominal value of the total issued share capital of Medtronic. All redeemable shares must also be fully-paid. Based on the provision of the Articles of Association described above, shareholder approval will not be required to redeem Medtronic shares. 

Medtronic may also be given an additional general authority by its shareholders to purchase its own shares on-market, which would take effect on the same terms and be subject to the same conditions as applicable to purchases by Medtronic s subsidiaries as described below. 
 
 The board of directors of Medtronic may also issue preferred shares which may be redeemed at the option of either Medtronic or the shareholder, depending on the terms of such preferred shares. Please see Description of Medtronic Ordinary Shares Capital Structure Authorized Share Capital for additional information on preferred shares. 
 
 Repurchased and redeemed shares may be cancelled or held as treasury shares. The nominal value of treasury shares held by Medtronic at any time must not exceed 10 of the aggregate of the par value and share premium received in respect of the allotment of Medtronic shares together with the par value of any shares acquired by Medtronic. Medtronic may not exercise any voting rights in respect of any shares held as treasury shares. Treasury shares may be cancelled by Medtronic or re-issued subject to certain conditions. 
 
 The Articles of Association provide that Medtronic may not, directly or indirectly, purchase or agree to purchase any shares entitled to vote from a person who beneficially owns more than five percent of the voting power of Medtronic for more than the market value thereof if the shares have been beneficially owned by the person for less than two years, unless the purchase or agreement to purchase is approved at a meeting of shareholders by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Medtronic entitled to vote or Medtronic makes an offer, of at least equal value per share, to all holders of shares of the class or series and to all holders of any class or series into which the securities may be converted. 
 
 Purchases by Subsidiaries of Medtronic 
 
 Under Irish law, an Irish or non-Irish subsidiary may purchase shares of Medtronic either on-market or off-market. For a subsidiary of Medtronic to make on-market purchases of Medtronic ordinary shares, the shareholders of Medtronic must provide general authorization for such purchase by way of ordinary resolution. However, as long as this general authority has been granted, no specific shareholder authority for a particular on-market purchase by a subsidiary of Medtronic ordinary shares is required. For an off-market purchase by a subsidiary of Medtronic, the proposed purchase contract must be authorized by special resolution of the shareholders before the contract is entered into. The person whose shares are to be bought back cannot vote in favor of the special resolution and, from the date of the notice of the meeting at which the resolution approving the contract is to be proposed, the purchase contract must be on display or must be available for inspection by shareholders at the registered office of Medtronic. 
 
 In order for a subsidiary of Medtronic to make an on-market purchase of Medtronic s shares, such shares must be purchased on a recognized stock exchange. The NYSE, on which the shares of Medtronic are listed, is specified as a recognized stock exchange for this purpose by Irish company law. 
 
 The number of shares held by the subsidiaries of Medtronic at any time will count as treasury shares and will be included in any calculation of the permitted treasury share threshold of 10 of the aggregate of the par value and share premium in respect of the allotment of Medtronic shares together with the par value of any shares acquired by Medtronic. While a subsidiary holds shares of Medtronic, it cannot exercise any voting rights in respect of those shares. The acquisition of the shares of Medtronic by a subsidiary must be funded out of distributable reserves of the subsidiary. 
 
 Lien on Shares, Calls on Shares and Forfeiture of Shares 
 
 The Articles of Association provide that Medtronic has a first and paramount lien on every share for all debts and liabilities of any shareholder to the company, whether presently due or not, payable in respect of such share. Subject to the terms of their allotment, directors may call for any unpaid amounts in respect of any shares to be paid, and if payment is not made, the shares may be forfeited. These provisions are standard inclusions in the articles of association of an Irish company limited by shares such as Medtronic and will only be applicable to shares of Medtronic that have not been fully paid up. See also Transfer and Registration of Shares below. 

Consolidation and Division Subdivision 
 
 Under the Articles of Association, Medtronic may, by ordinary resolution, consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into shares of larger nominal value than its existing shares or subdivide its shares into smaller amounts than is fixed by its memorandum of association. 
 
 Reduction of Share Capital 
 
 Medtronic may, by ordinary resolution, reduce its authorized but unissued share capital in any way. Medtronic also may, by special resolution and subject to confirmation by the Irish High Court, reduce or cancel its issued share capital in any manner permitted by the Irish Companies Act. 
 
 Annual Meetings of Shareholders 
 
 Medtronic is required to hold an annual general meeting at intervals of no more than 15 months, provided that an annual general meeting is held in each calendar year no more than nine months after Medtronic's fiscal year-end. Any annual general meeting may be held outside of Ireland, provided that technological means are provided to enable shareholders to participate in the meeting without leaving Ireland. 
 
 Notice of an annual general meeting must be given to all Medtronic shareholders and to the auditors of Medtronic. The Articles of Association provide for a minimum notice period of 21 days, which is the minimum permitted under Irish law. 
 
 The only matters which must, as a matter of Irish company law, be transacted at an annual general meeting are (i) the consideration of the statutory financial statements and reports of the directors and auditors, (ii) the review by the members of the company's affairs and (iii) the appointment or re-appointment of the auditors and the fixing of the auditor s remuneration (or delegation of same). If no resolution is made in respect of the reappointment of an existing auditor at an annual general meeting, the existing auditor will be deemed to have continued in office. 
 
 Extraordinary General Meetings of Shareholders 
 
 Extraordinary general meetings of Medtronic may be convened by (i) the board of directors, (ii) any two directors, (iii) the chief executive officer, (iv) the chief financial officer, (v) on requisition of the shareholders holding not less than 10 of the paid up share capital of Medtronic carrying voting rights or (vi) on requisition of Medtronic s auditors. Extraordinary general meetings are generally held for the purposes of approving shareholder resolutions as may be required from time to time. At any extraordinary general meeting, only such business will be conducted as is set forth in the notice thereof or is proposed pursuant to and in accordance with the procedures and requirements set out in the Articles of Association. 
 
 Notice of an extraordinary general meeting must be given to all Medtronic shareholders and to the auditors of Medtronic. Under Irish law and the Articles of Association, the minimum notice periods are 21 days notice in writing for an extraordinary general meeting to approve a special resolution and 14 days notice in writing for any other extraordinary general meeting. 
 
 In the case of an extraordinary general meeting convened by shareholders of Medtronic, the proposed purpose of the meeting must be set out in the requisition notice. Upon receipt of any such valid requisition notice, the Medtronic board of directors has 21 days to convene a meeting of Medtronic shareholders to vote on the matters set out in the requisition notice. This meeting must be held within two months of the receipt of the requisition notice. If the board of directors does not convene the meeting within such 21-day period, the requisitioning shareholders, or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene a meeting, which meeting must be held within three months of Medtronic s receipt of the requisition notice. 
 
 If the board of directors becomes aware that the net assets of Medtronic are not greater than half of the amount of Medtronic s called-up share capital, the directors of Medtronic must convene an extraordinary general meeting of Medtronic shareholders not later than 28 days from the date that they learn of this fact to consider how to address the situation. 

Quorum for General Meetings 
 
 The Articles of Association provide that no business may be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. One or more shareholders present in person or by proxy at any meeting of shareholders holding not less than a majority of the issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting in question will constitute a quorum for such meeting. 
 
 Voting 
 
 The Articles of Association provide that all votes will be decided on a poll and that the board or the chairman may determine the manner in which the poll is to be taken and the manner in which the votes are to be counted. 
 
 Every shareholder is entitled to one vote for each ordinary share that he or she holds as of the record date for the meeting. Voting rights may be exercised by shareholders registered in Medtronic s share register as of the record date for the meeting or by a duly appointed proxy, which proxy need not be a shareholder. Where interests in shares are held by a nominee trust company, this company may exercise the rights of the beneficial holders on their behalf as their proxy. All proxies must be appointed in the manner prescribed by the Articles of Association, which provide that the Medtronic board may permit shareholders to notify Medtronic of their proxy appointments electronically. 
 
 Irish company law requires special resolutions of the shareholders at a general meeting to approve certain matters. Examples of matters requiring special resolutions include 
 
 (a) amending the objects or memorandum of association of Medtronic (b) amending the Articles of Association (c) approving a change of name of Medtronic 
 
 Variation of Rights Attaching to a Class or Series of Shares 
 
 Under the Articles of Association and the Irish Companies Act, any variation of class rights attaching to the issued shares of Medtronic must be approved by an ordinary resolution of the shareholders of the affected class or with the consent in writing of the holders of the majority of the issued shares of that class of shares. 
 
 The provisions of the Articles of Association relating to general meetings apply to general meetings of the holders of any class of shares except that the necessary quorum is determined in reference to the shares of the holders of the class. Accordingly, for general meetings of holders of a particular class of shares, a quorum consists of one or more shareholders present in person or by proxy holding not less than a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of the class entitled to vote at the meeting in question. 

Acquisitions 
 
 An Irish public limited company may be acquired in a number of ways, including 
 
 (a) a court-approved scheme of arrangement under the Irish Companies Act. A scheme of arrangement with shareholders requires a court order from the Irish High Court and the approval of a majority in number representing 75 in value of each class of shareholder present and voting in person or by proxy at a meeting called to approve the scheme (b) through a tender or takeover offer by a third party for all of the shares of Medtronic. Where the holders of 80 or more of Medtronic s shares have accepted an offer for their shares in Medtronic, the remaining shareholders may also be statutorily required to transfer their shares. If the bidder does not exercise its squeeze out right, then the non-accepting shareholders also have a statutory right to require the bidder to acquire their shares on the same terms. If shares of Medtronic were to be listed on the Irish Stock Exchange or another regulated stock exchange in the European Union, the squeeze out threshold would be increased to 90 and (c) by way of a merger with a company incorporated in the European Economic Area EEA under the EU Cross-Border Mergers Directive (EU) 2017 1132 (as amended) or with another Irish company under the Irish Companies Act. Such a merger must be approved by a special resolution. Shareholders also may be entitled to have their shares acquired for cash. See the section entitled Description of Share Capital Appraisal Rights 
 
 Appraisal Rights 
 
 Generally, under Irish law, shareholders of an Irish company do not have statutory appraisal rights. If Medtronic is being merged as the transferor company with another EEA company under the EU Cross- 
 Border Mergers Directive (EU) 2017 1132 (as amended) as implemented in Ireland by the European Union (Cross- Border Conversions, Mergers and Divisions) Regulations 2023 or if Medtronic is being merged with another Irish company under the Irish Companies Act, (i) any of Medtronic's shareholders who voted against the special resolution approving the merger or (ii) if 90 of Medtronic's shares are held by the successor company, any other of Medtronic's shareholders, may be entitled to require that the successor company acquire its shares for cash. 
 
 Disclosure of Interests in Shares 
 
 Under the Irish Companies Act, Medtronic shareholders must notify Medtronic if, as a result of a transaction, the shareholder will become interested in 3 or more of the shares of Medtronic or if, as a result of a transaction a shareholder who was interested in more than 3 of the shares of Medtronic ceases to be so interested. Where a shareholder is interested in more than 3 of the shares of Medtronic, the shareholder must notify Medtronic of any alteration of his or her interest that brings his or her total holding through the nearest whole percentage number, whether an increase or a reduction. The relevant percentage figure is calculated by reference to the aggregate nominal value of the shares in which the shareholder is interested as a proportion of the entire nominal value of the issued share capital of Medtronic (or any such class of share capital in issue). Where the percentage level of the shareholder s interest does not amount to a whole percentage, this figure may be rounded down to the next whole number. Medtronic must be notified within five business days of the transaction or alteration of the shareholder s interests that gave rise to the notification requirement. If a shareholder fails to comply with these notification requirements, the shareholder s rights in respect of any Medtronic shares it holds will not be enforceable, either directly or indirectly. However, such person may apply to the court to have the rights attaching to such shares reinstated. 
 
 In addition to these disclosure requirements, Medtronic, under the Irish Companies Act, may, by notice in writing, require a person whom Medtronic knows or has reasonable cause to believe to be, or at any time during the three years immediately preceding the date on which such notice is issued to have been, interested in shares comprised in Medtronic s relevant share capital to (i) indicate whether or not it is the case and (ii) where such person holds or has 

during that time held an interest in the shares of Medtronic, to provide additional information, including the person s own past or present interests in shares of Medtronic. If the recipient of the notice fails to respond within the reasonable time period specified in the notice, Medtronic may apply to court for an order directing that the affected shares be subject to certain restrictions, as prescribed by the Irish Companies Act. 
 
 In the event Medtronic is in an offer period pursuant to the Irish Takeover Rules, accelerated disclosure provisions apply for persons holding an interest in Medtronic securities of 1 or more. 
 
 In addition, the beneficial ownership disclosures of the U.S. federal securities laws will apply with respect to beneficial ownership of Medtronic shares. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 
 Business Combinations with Interested Shareholders 
 
 Medtronic's Articles of Association provide that, subject to certain exceptions, Medtronic may not engage in certain business combinations with any person that acquires beneficial ownership of 10 or more of Medtronic's outstanding voting shares for a period of four years following the date on which the person became a 10 shareholder unless prior to the person becoming a 10 shareholder, a committee of Medtronic's disinterested directors approve the business combination or the acquisition of shares. 
 
 Control Share Acquisition 
 
 Subject to certain exceptions, Medtronic's Articles of Association restrict the ability of persons who acquire between twenty percent and thirty percent of the voting rights of Medtronic to exercise the voting rights of the acquired shares in excess of twenty percent absent approval by an ordinary resolution of the disinterested shareholders. 
 
 Irish Takeover Rules and Substantial Acquisition Rules 
 
 A transaction in which a third party seeks to acquire 30 or more of the voting rights of Medtronic will be governed by the Irish Takeover Panel Act 1997 and the Irish Takeover Rules made thereunder and will be regulated by the Irish Takeover Panel. The General Principles of the Irish Takeover Rules and certain important aspects of the Irish Takeover Rules are described below. 
 
 General Principles 
 
 The Irish Takeover Rules are built on the following General Principles, which will apply to any transaction regulated by the Irish Takeover Panel 
 
 (a) in the event of an offer, all holders of securities of the target company should be afforded equivalent treatment and, if a person acquires control of a company, the other holders of securities must be protected (b) the holders of the securities of the target company must have sufficient time and information to enable them to reach a properly informed decision on the offer where it advises the holders of securities, the board of the target company must give its views on the effects of implementation of the offer on employment, conditions of employment and the locations of the target company s places of business (c) the board of the target company must act in the interests of the company as a whole and must not deny the holders of securities the opportunity to decide on the merits of the offer (d) false markets must not be created in the securities of the target company, the bidder or of any other company concerned by the offer in such a way that the rise or fall of the prices of the securities becomes artificial and the normal functioning of the markets is distorted 

(e) a bidder must announce an offer only after ensuring that he or she can fulfill in full, any cash consideration, if such is offered, and after taking all reasonable measures to secure the implementation of any other type of consideration (f) a target company must not be hindered in the conduct of its affairs for longer than is reasonable by an offer for its securities and (g) a substantial acquisition of securities (whether such acquisition is to be effected by one transaction or a series of transactions) shall take place only at an acceptable speed and shall be subject to adequate and timely disclosure. 
 
 Mandatory Bid 
 
 Under certain circumstances, a person who acquires shares or other voting rights in Medtronic may be required under the Irish Takeover Rules to make a mandatory cash offer for the remaining outstanding shares in Medtronic at a price not less than the highest price paid for the shares by the acquirer (or any parties acting in concert with the acquirer) during the previous 12 months. This mandatory bid requirement is triggered if an acquisition of shares would increase the aggregate holding of an acquirer (including the holdings of any parties acting in concert with the acquirer) to shares representing 30 or more of the voting rights in Medtronic, unless the Irish Takeover Panel otherwise consents. An acquisition of shares by a person holding (together with its concert parties) shares representing between 30 and 50 of the voting rights in Medtronic would also trigger the mandatory bid requirement if, after giving effect to the acquisition, the percentage of the voting rights held by that person (together with its concert parties) would increase by 0.05 within a 12-month period. Any person (excluding any parties acting in concert with the holder) holding shares representing more than 50 of the voting rights of a company is not subject to these mandatory offer requirements in purchasing additional securities. 
 
 Voluntary Bid Requirements to Make a Cash Offer and Minimum Price Requirements 
 
 If a person makes a voluntary offer to acquire outstanding ordinary shares of Medtronic, the offer price must be no less than the highest price paid for Medtronic ordinary shares by the bidder or its concert parties during the three-month period prior to the commencement of the offer period. The Irish Takeover Panel has the power to extend the look back period to 12 months if the Irish Takeover Panel, taking into account the General Principles, believes it is appropriate to do so. 
 
 If the bidder or any person acting in concert with it has acquired ordinary shares of Medtronic (i) during the period of 12 months prior to the commencement of the offer period which represent more than 10 of the total ordinary shares of Medtronic or (ii) at any time after the commencement of the offer period, the offer must be in cash (or accompanied by a full cash alternative) and the price per Medtronic ordinary share must not be less than the highest price paid by the bidder or any person acting in concert with it during, in the case of (i), the 12-month period prior to the commencement of the offer period or, in the case of (ii), the offer period. The Irish Takeover Panel may apply this rule to a bidder who, together with any person acting in concert with it, has acquired less than 10 of the total ordinary shares of Medtronic in the 12-month period prior to the commencement of the offer period if the Irish Takeover Panel, taking into account the General Principles, considers it just and proper to do so. 
 
 An offer period will generally commence from the date of the first announcement of the offer or proposed offer. 
 
 In addition, the Articles of Association provide that an offeror who has completed a tender offer for Medtronic may not, within two years after the last purchase in the tender offer, acquire additional shares, whether by purchase, merger, exchange or otherwise, unless the shareholders in those additional acquisitions are given terms that are substantially equivalent to those provided in the earlier tender offer or unless the proposed additional acquisitions are approved by an independent committee of Medtronic s board of directors prior to the tender offer. 
 
 Takeover Timeline 
 
 Under the Irish Takeover Rules, in certain circumstances a strict 42-day deadline will be imposed within which a person with whom we are in talks, or from whom we have received an approach, regarding a possible offer is 

required to make a firm offer for Medtronic, or announce they will not be making an offer. The Irish Takeover Panel may agree to extend this deadline at our request. 
 
 Substantial Acquisition Rules 
 
 The Irish Takeover Rules also contain rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares and other voting securities which restrict the speed at which a person may increase his or her holding of shares and rights over shares to an aggregate of between 15 and 30 of the voting rights of Medtronic. Except in certain circumstances, an acquisition or series of acquisitions of shares or rights over shares representing 10 or more of the voting rights of Medtronic is prohibited, if such acquisition(s), when aggregated with shares or rights already held, would result in the acquirer holding 15 or more but less than 30 of the voting rights of Medtronic and such acquisitions are made within a period of seven days. These rules also require accelerated disclosure of acquisitions of shares or rights over shares relating to such holdings. 
 
 Shareholder Rights Plan 
 
 The Articles of Association expressly authorize Medtronic s board of directors to adopt a shareholder rights plan, subject to applicable law. 
 
 Irish law does not expressly authorize or prohibit companies from issuing share purchase rights or adopting a shareholder rights plan as an anti-takeover measure and there is no directly relevant case law on this issue. 
 
 Frustrating Action 
 
 Under the Irish Takeover Rules, the Medtronic board of directors is not permitted to take any action which might frustrate an offer for the shares of Medtronic once the Medtronic board of directors has received an approach which may lead to an offer or has reason to believe an offer is or may be imminent, subject to certain exceptions. Potentially frustrating actions such as (i) the issue of shares, options or convertible securities, (ii) material acquisitions or disposals, (iii) entering into contracts other than in the ordinary course of business or (iv) any action, other than seeking alternative offers, which may result in frustration of an offer, are prohibited during the course of an offer or at any time during which the board has reason to believe an offer is or may be imminent. Exceptions to this prohibition are available where 
 
 (a) the action is approved by Medtronic s shareholders at a general meeting or (b) the Irish Takeover Panel has given its consent, where (i) it is satisfied the action would not constitute frustrating action (ii) Medtronic shareholders that hold 50 of the voting rights state in writing that they approve the proposed action and would vote in favor of it at a general meeting (iii) the action is taken in accordance with a contract entered into prior to the announcement of the offer or (iv) the decision to take such action was made before the announcement of the offer and either has been at least partially implemented or is in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 
 The Articles of Association of Medtronic allocate authority over the day-to-day management of Medtronic to the Medtronic board of directors. The Medtronic board of directors may then, by resolution approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the board, delegate any of its powers, authorities and discretions (with power to sub-delegate) to any committee, consisting of one or more directors, or delegate to any director, officer or member of management of Medtronic or any of its subsidiaries such of its powers as it considers desirable to be exercised by him or her, but 

regardless, the directors will remain responsible, as a matter of Irish law, for the proper management of the affairs of Medtronic. Committees may meet and adjourn as they determine proper. Unless otherwise determined by the board of directors, the quorum necessary for the transaction of business at any committee meeting shall be a majority of the members of the committee. 
 
 Medtronic has a standing Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Quality Committee, Finance and Financial Risk Committee and Technology and Value Creation Committee. 
 
 Appointment of Directors 
 
 The Irish Companies Act provides for a minimum of two directors. Medtronic's Articles of Association provide for a minimum of three directors and a maximum of fifteen. The board of directors has sole authority to determine its size within these parameters. Directors of Medtronic will be elected by way of an ordinary resolution at a general meeting. This majority voting standard could result in the number of directors falling below the prescribed minimum number of directors due to the failure of nominees to be elected. If the number of the directors is reduced below the fixed minimum number, the remaining director or directors must appoint, as soon as practicable, an additional director or additional directors to make up such minimum or must convene a general meeting of Medtronic for the purpose of making such appointment. In the event of a contested election of directors, directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present. Each director of Medtronic must retire from office at each annual shareholder meeting and shall be re-eligible for re-election. 
 
 No person may be appointed director unless nominated in accordance with the Articles of Association. The Articles of Association provide that, with respect to an annual or extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, nominations of persons for election to the Medtronic board of directors may be made by (i) the affirmative vote of the Medtronic board of directors or a committee thereof, (ii) any shareholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures provided for in the Articles of Association, (iii) with respect to election at an extraordinary general meeting requisitioned in accordance with section 178(3) of the Irish Companies Act, by a shareholder who holds ordinary shares or other shares carrying the general right to vote at general meetings of the company and who makes such nomination in the written requisition of the extraordinary general meeting in accordance with the Articles of Association and the Irish Companies Act relating to nominations of directors and the proper bringing of business before an extraordinary general meeting, or (iv) any shareholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the proxy access provisions contained in the Articles of Association. Medtronic s Articles of Association contain proxy access provisions which give an eligible shareholder (or group of up to 20 such shareholders) that has owned 3 or more of the voting power continuously for at least three years, the right to nominate up to 20 of the directors and to have those nominees included in Medtronic s proxy materials, subject to the other terms and conditions of Medtronic's articles of association. 
 
 Removal of Directors 
 
 Under the Irish Companies Act, the shareholders may, by an ordinary resolution, remove a director from office before the expiration of his or her term at a meeting held on no less than 28 days notice and at which the director is entitled to be heard. The power of removal is without prejudice to any claim for damages for breach of contract (e.g., employment contract) that the director may have against Medtronic in respect of his or her removal. 
 
 The board of directors may fill any vacancy occurring on the board of directors. If the Medtronic board of directors fills a vacancy, the director shall hold office until the next election of directors and until his or her successor shall be elected. A vacancy on the board of directors created by the removal of a director may be filled by the Medtronic board of directors. 
 
 Duration Dissolution Rights upon Liquidation 
 
 Medtronic s duration is unlimited. Medtronic may be dissolved and wound up at any time by way of a shareholders voluntary winding up or a creditors winding up. In the case of a shareholders voluntary winding-up, a special resolution of shareholders is required. Medtronic may also be dissolved by way of court order on the application of a 

creditor, or by the Companies Registration Office as an enforcement measure where Medtronic has failed to file certain returns. 
 
 The rights of the shareholders to a return of Medtronic s assets on dissolution or winding up, following the settlement of all claims of creditors, may be prescribed in the Articles of Association or the terms of any preferred shares issued by the directors of Medtronic from time to time. The holders of preferred shares in particular may have the right to priority in a dissolution or winding up of Medtronic. If the Articles of Association contain no specific provisions in respect of a dissolution or winding up then, subject to the priorities of any creditors, the assets will be distributed to shareholders in proportion to the paid-up nominal value of the shares held. The Articles of Association provide that the ordinary shareholders of Medtronic are entitled to participate pro rata in a winding up, but their right to do so may be subject to the rights of any preferred shareholders to participate under the terms of any series or class of preferred shares. Please see Description of Medtronic Ordinary Shares Capital Structure Authorized Share Capital for additional information on rights upon a liquidation. 
 
 Uncertificated Shares 
 
 Pursuant to the Irish Companies Act, a shareholder is entitled to be issued a share certificate on request and subject to payment of a nominal fee. 
 
 Stock Exchange Listing 
 
 The Medtronic ordinary shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol MDT. 
 
 No Sinking Fund 
 
 The Medtronic ordinary shares have no sinking fund provisions. 
 
 Transfer and Registration of Shares 
 
 The transfer agent for Medtronic maintains the share register, registration in which is determinative of membership in Medtronic. A shareholder of Medtronic who holds shares beneficially is not holder of record of such shares. Instead, the depository or other nominee is the holder of record of those shares. Accordingly, a transfer of shares from a person who holds such shares beneficially to a person who also holds such shares beneficially through a depository or other nominee will not be registered in Medtronic s official share register, as the depository or other nominee will remain the record holder of any such shares. 
 
 A written instrument of transfer is required under Irish law in order to register on Medtronic s official share register any transfer of shares (i) from a person who holds such shares directly to any other person, (ii) from a person who holds such shares beneficially to a person who holds such shares directly or (iii) from a person who holds such shares beneficially to another person who holds such shares beneficially where the transfer involves a change in the depository or other nominee that is the record owner of the transferred shares. An instrument of transfer is also required for a shareholder who directly holds shares to transfer those shares into his or her own broker account (or vice versa). Such instruments of transfer may give rise to Irish stamp duty, which must be paid prior to registration of the transfer on Medtronic s official Irish share register. However, a shareholder who directly holds shares may transfer those shares into his or her own broker account (or vice versa) without giving rise to Irish stamp duty provided there is no change in the ultimate beneficial ownership of the shares as a result of the transfer and the transfer is not made in contemplation of a sale of the shares. 
 
 Any transfer of Medtronic ordinary shares that is subject to Irish stamp duty will not be registered in the name of the buyer unless an instrument of transfer is duly stamped and provided to the transfer agent. The Articles of Association allow Medtronic, in its absolute discretion, to create an instrument of transfer and pay (or procure the payment of) any stamp duty, which is the legal obligation of a buyer. In the event of any such payment, Medtronic is (on behalf of itself or its affiliates) entitled to (i) seek reimbursement from the buyer or seller (at its discretion), (ii) set-off the amount of the stamp duty against future dividends payable to the buyer or seller (at its discretion) and (iii) claim a lien against the Medtronic ordinary shares on which it has paid stamp duty. Parties to a share transfer may 

assume that any stamp duty arising in respect of a transaction in Medtronic ordinary shares has been paid unless one or both of such parties is otherwise notified by Medtronic. 
 
 The Articles of Association delegate to Medtronic s secretary (or such other person as may be nominated by the secretary for this purpose) the authority to execute an instrument of transfer on behalf of a transferring party. 
 
 In order to help ensure that the official share register is regularly updated to reflect trading of Medtronic ordinary shares occurring through normal electronic systems, Medtronic intends to regularly produce any required instruments of transfer in connection with any transactions for which it pays stamp duty (subject to the reimbursement and set-off rights described above). In the event that Medtronic notifies one or both of the parties to a share transfer that it believes stamp duty is required to be paid in connection with the transfer and that it will not pay the stamp duty, the parties may either themselves arrange for the execution of the required instrument of transfer (and may request a form of instrument of transfer from Medtronic for this purpose) or request that Medtronic execute an instrument of transfer on behalf of the transferring party in a form determined by Medtronic. In either event, if the parties to the share transfer have the instrument of transfer duly stamped (to the extent required) and then provide it to Medtronic s transfer agent, the buyer will be registered as the legal owner of the relevant shares on Medtronic s official Irish share register (subject to the matters described below). 
 
 The directors may suspend registration of transfers from time to time, not exceeding 30 days in aggregate each year. 

DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES 
 
 The following description of Medtronic s registered debt securities is a summary. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Base Indenture and Supplemental Indentures (each as hereinafter defined). Copies of the Base Indenture and Supplemental Indentures have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC as exhibits 4.20, 4.21, 4.22, 4.23, and 4.24, respectively, to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 28, 2023. 
 
 General 
 
 Each series of notes was issued as a separate series of senior debt securities, under a Senior Indenture, dated March 28, 2017 (the Base Indenture among Medtronic Luxco, as issuer, Medtronic and Medtronic, Inc., a Minnesota corporation Medtronic, Inc. as guarantors, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as trustee, as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 7, 2019 (the Second Supplemental Indenture ), the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2019 (the Third Supplemental Indenture ), and the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 29, 2020 (the Fourth Supplemental Indenture and together with the Second and Third Supplemental Indentures, the Supplemental Indentures. ). The Base Indenture, together with the Supplemental Indentures, shall be referred to throughout this description of debt securities as the Indenture. Each series of notes is a general unsecured senior obligation of Medtronic Luxco and is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Medtronic and Medtronic, Inc., on a joint and several basis. 
 
 The notes of each series are issued only in registered form, without coupons, in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. The notes of each series are issued in the form of one or more global securities that are deposited initially with, or on behalf of, a common depositary, and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary, for, and in respect of interests held through, Euroclear Bank SA NV Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A. Clearstream ). U.S. Bank National Association acts as registrar for the notes. The notes may be presented for registration of transfer and exchange at the offices of the registrar. Medtronic Luxco entered into agency agreements with Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch Elavon as paying agent and or calculation agent with respect to each series of notes. Medtronic Luxco may change any paying agent, calculation agent and registrar without notice to holders of the notes and may act as a paying agent, calculation agent or registrar. 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Each series of notes will mature and bear interest as provided in the following table 

Series Maturity Interest Rate Interest Payment Dates Record Dates 0.25 2025 notes July 2, 2025 0.250 July 2 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 0.000 2025 notes October 15, 2025 0.00 October 15 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 2.625 2025 notes October 15, 2025 2.625 October 15 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 1.125 2027 notes March 7, 2027 1.125 March 7 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 0.375 2028 notes October 15, 2028 0.375 October 15 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 3.000 2028 notes October 15, 2028 3.000 October 15 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 1.625 2031 notes March 7, 2031 1.625 March 7 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 1.000 2031 notes July 2, 2031 1.000 July 2 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 3.125 2031 notes October 15, 2031 3.125 October 15 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 0.750 2032 notes October 15, 2032 0.750 October 15 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 3.375 2034 notes October 15, 2031 3.375 October 15 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 2.250 2039 notes March 7, 2039 2.250 March 7 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 1.500 2039 notes July 2, 2039 1.500 July 2 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 1.375 2040 notes October 15, 2040 1.375 October 15 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 1.750 2049 notes July 2, 2049 1.750 July 2 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 1.625 2050 notes October 15, 2050 1.625 October 15 Close of business on the business day immediately preceding the interest payment date. 

The notes are not subject to any sinking fund. 
 
 Interest 
 
 Fixed Rate Notes 
 
 The 2023 notes, the 2027 notes, the 1.625 2031 notes and the 2.250 2039 notes bear interest from the date of issuance, payable annually in arrears on March 7 of each year. The 0.000 2023 notes bear interest from the date of issuance, payable annually in arrears on March 15 of each year. The 2022 notes bear interest from the date of issuance, payable annually in arrears on December 2 of each year. The 2025 notes, the 1.000 2031 notes, the 1.500 2039 notes and the 2049 notes bear interest from the date of issuance, payable annually in arrears on July 2 of each year. The 0.000 2023 notes, the 2025 notes, the 2028 notes, the 2032 notes, the 2040 notes, and the 2050 notes bear interest from the date of issuance, payable annually in arrears on October 15 of each year. The Interest is payable to the persons in whose names such notes are registered at the close of business on the business day (for this purpose, a day on which Clearstream and Euroclear are open for business) immediately preceding the relevant interest payment. Interest on the fixed rate notes will be computed on the basis of the actual number of days in the period for which interest is being calculated and the actual number of days from and including the last date on which interest was paid on the notes, to, but excluding, the next scheduled interest payment date. This payment convention is referred to as Actual Actual (ICMA) as defined in the rulebook of the International Capital Market Association. 
 
 If any interest payment date would otherwise be a day that is not a business day, such interest payment date will be postponed to the next date that is a business day and no interest will accrue on the amounts payable from and after such interest payment date to the next business day. If the maturity date of any series of fixed rate notes falls on a day that is not a business day, the related payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest will be made on the next business day as if it were made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and after such date to the next business day. 
 
 Guarantees 
 
 Each of Medtronic and Medtronic, Inc. (each, a Guarantor and together, the Guarantors fully and unconditionally guarantee, on a joint and several basis, the due and punctual payment of all obligations of Medtronic Luxco under the notes, whether for the payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest or certain additional amounts on the notes, when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at maturity, declaration of acceleration, upon redemption, repurchase or otherwise. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Guarantor will be automatically and unconditionally released from all obligations under its guarantee, and such guarantees shall terminate and be discharged and be of no further force and effect upon the occurrence of certain circumstances. 
 
 The guarantees of the notes may be subject to review under United States federal or state fraudulent transfer law or similar laws in other applicable jurisdictions, which could limit their enforceability. The guarantees will provide that the obligations of each Guarantor will be limited as necessary to prevent that guarantee from constituting a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under applicable law. 
 
 Ranking 
 
 The notes are unsecured senior obligations of Medtronic Luxco and rank equally in right of payment with each other and with all of Medtronic Luxco s other existing and future unsecured senior obligations, including its outstanding guarantees of senior notes of other indebtedness of Medtronic, Inc. and other subsidiaries of Medtronic, including Covidien International Finance S.A., a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Medtronic Luxco. Additionally, the notes are effectively subordinated to any existing and future secured indebtedness of Medtronic Luxco, to the extent of the assets securing such indebtedness. The notes rank senior in right of payment to any existing and future subordinated indebtedness of Medtronic Luxco. The notes are also structurally subordinated to all existing and any future obligations of Medtronic Luxco s subsidiaries (other than Medtronic, Inc. because of its guarantee of the notes). 

The guarantees are unsecured senior obligations of each of Medtronic and Medtronic, Inc., and rank equally with all other unsecured senior obligations of Medtronic plc and Medtronic, Inc. as applicable. The guarantees of the notes rank equally in right of payment with all other existing and future unsecured senior obligations of Medtronic plc and Medtronic, Inc. be effectively subordinated to any existing and future secured indebtedness of Medtronic plc and Medtronic, Inc. to the extent of the assets securing such indebtedness and be structurally subordinated to all existing and future debt and other obligations of Medtronic plc s and Medtronic, Inc. s subsidiaries, respectively, including, with respect to Medtronic plc, Covidien International Finance S.A., a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Medtronic Luxco. 
 
 Optional Redemption 
 
 Medtronic Luxco may redeem any series of the fixed rate notes, in whole or in part, in the case of the 0.000 2023 notes, at any time prior to their maturity, the 0.375 2023 notes, the 0.25 2025 notes, the 0.000 2025 notes, the 2027 notes, the 2028 notes, the 1.625 2031 notes, the 1.000 2031 notes, the 2032 notes, the 2.250 2039 notes, the 1.500 2039 notes, the 2040 notes, the 2049 notes, and the 2050 notes, at any time prior to the applicable Par Call Date at a redemption price equal to the greater of 
 
 100 of the principal amount of the fixed rate notes of the applicable series being redeemed and the sum, as determined by a Quotation Agent (defined below), of the present values of the Remaining Scheduled Payments (as defined below) of principal and interest on the notes of such series to be redeemed (excluding any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption and assuming, in the case of the 0.375 2023 notes, the 0.25 2025 notes, the 0.000 2025 notes, the 2027 notes, the 2028 notes, the 1.625 2031 notes, the 1.000 2031 notes, the 2032 notes, the 2.250 2039 notes, the 1.500 2039 notes, the 2040 notes, the 2049 notes, and the 2050 notes, that such notes matured on the applicable Par Call Date), discounted to the redemption date on an annual basis (ACTUAL ACTUAL(ICMA)) at the Comparable Bond Rate (defined below), plus 15 basis points, in the case of the 2022 notes, the 0.375 2023 notes, the 0.000 2023 notes, the 0.25 2025 notes, and the 0.000 2025 notes, 20 basis points, in the case of the 2027 notes, the 2028 notes, the 1.000 2031 notes, and the 2032 notes, 25 basis points, in the case of the 1.625 2031 notes, the 1.500 2039 notes and the 2049 notes, and 30 basis points, in the case of the 2.250 2039 notes the 2040 notes, and the 2050 notes 
 plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of redemption. These notes may be redeemed in part in the minimum authorized denomination or in any integral multiple of such amount. Unless Medtronic Luxco defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the fixed rate notes or portions thereof called for redemption. 
 
 In addition, at any time on and after the applicable Par Call Date, the 0.375 2023 notes, the 0.25 2025 notes, the 2027 notes, the 2028 notes, the 1.625 2031 notes, the 1.000 2031 notes, the 2032 notes, the 2.250 2039 notes, the 1.500 2039 notes, the 2040 notes, the 2049 notes, and the 2050 notes, will be redeemable at Medtronic Luxco s option, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption. 
 
 Medtronic Luxco will provide notice of any optional redemption to each holder of notes of the series to be redeemed at least 15 days, but not more than 60 days, before the redemption date. A notice of redemption may, at the discretion of Medtronic Luxco, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of an equity offering, a financing, or other corporate transaction. In addition, if such redemption or notice is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall state that, in Medtronic Luxco s discretion, the redemption date may be postponed until up to 60 days following the notice of redemption, and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the redemption date (including as it may be postponed). Medtronic Luxco will give notice of such redemption to the trustee at least 10 days prior to the date Medtronic Luxco mails the notice of redemption to each holder (or such shorter time as may be acceptable to the trustee). Unless Medtronic Luxco defaults in payment of the redemption price on the redemption date, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the fixed rate notes or portions thereof called for redemption. 

If Medtronic Luxco does not redeem all of the fixed rate notes of a particular series, the trustee shall select the fixed rate notes of that series to be redeemed in any manner that it deems fair and appropriate consistent with the applicable procedures of the despositary. 
 
 Any notice to holders of fixed rate notes of a redemption hereunder shall include the appropriate calculation of the redemption price, but does not need to include the redemption price itself. The actual redemption price, calculated as described above, will be set forth in an officers certificate delivered to the trustee no later than two business days prior to the redemption date. 
 
 Comparable Bond Rate means, for any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the annual equivalent yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on a day count basis), computed as the third business day immediately preceding that redemption date, of the Comparable Government Issue (as defined below), assuming a price for the Comparable Government Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Price (as defined below) for that redemption date. 
 
 Comparable Government Issue means the euro-denominated security issued by the German federal government selected by a Quotation Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the remaining term of the fixed rate notes to be redeemed (assuming that the notes to be redeemed matured on the applicable Par Call Date) that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the notes to be redeemed. 
 
 Comparable Price means, with respect to any redemption date, (1) the average of the Reference Dealer Quotations (as defined below) for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest of the Reference Dealer Quotations, (2) if Medtronic Luxco obtains fewer than four Reference Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of those quotations or (3) if Medtronic Luxco obtains only one Reference Dealer Quotation, such Reference Dealer Quotation. 
 
 Par Call Date means in the case of the 0.375 2023 notes, February 7, 2023 in the case of the 0.25 2025 notes, April 2, 2025 in the case of the 0.000 2025 notes, September 15, 2025 in the case of the 2027 notes, December 7, 2026 in the case of the 2028 notes, July 15, 2028 in the case of the 1.625 2031 notes, December 7, 2030 in the case of the 1.000 2031 notes, April 2, 2031 in the case of the 2032 notes, July 15, 2032 in the case of the 2.250 2039 notes, December 7, 2038 in the case of the 1.500 2039 notes, April 2, 2039 in the case of the 2040 notes, April 15, 2040 in the case of the 2049 notes, January 2, 2049 and in the case of the 2050 notes, April 15, 2050. 
 
 Quotation Agent means the Reference Dealer appointed by Medtronic Luxco. 
 
 Reference Dealer means (1) each of Barclays Bank PLC and Merrill Lynch International and their respective successors in the case of the 0.375 2023 notes, the 2027 notes, the 1.625 2031 notes, and the 2.250 2039 notes, and each of Barclays Bank PLC, Goldman Sachs & Co LLC and Merrill Lynch International, in the case of the 0.25 2025 notes, the 1.000 2031 notes, the 1.150 2039 notes, and the 2049 notes, and each of Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities Europe SA, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft in the case of the 0.000 2023 notes, the 0.000 2025 notes, the 2028 notes, the 2032 notes, the 2040 notes and the 2050 notes , provided, however, that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a broker or dealer of, and or a market maker in, German government bonds (a Primary Bond Dealer ), Medtronic Luxco shall substitute another Primary Bond Dealer and (2) any other Primary Bond Dealers selected by Medtronic Luxco. 
 
 Reference Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Government Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by that Reference Dealer at 11 00 a.m., London time, on the third business day preceding that redemption date. 
 
 Remaining Scheduled Payments means, with respect to each fixed rate note to be redeemed, the remaining scheduled payments of the principal thereof and interest thereon that would be due after the related redemption date but for such redemption (assuming that the fixed rate notes to be redeemed matured on the applicable Par Call Date) 

provided, however, that, if such redemption date is not an interest payment date with respect to such note, the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment thereon will be reduced by the amount of interest accrued thereon to such redemption date. 
 
 Redemption Upon Changes in Withholding Taxes 
 
 Medtronic Luxco may redeem all, but not less than all, of the notes of any series in the event of certain changes in the tax laws, regulations, rulings or treaties of Luxembourg, Ireland, the United States or any other jurisdiction in which Medtronic Luxco or any Guarantor is then organized (or any taxing authority thereof or therein) (a Taxing Jurisdiction if, in the written opinion of independent counsel chosen by Medtronic Luxco, Medtronic plc or Medtronic, Inc., there is a material probability that Medtronic Luxco, Medtronic plc or Medtronic, Inc. will become obligated to pay certain additional amounts with respect to the notes. This redemption would be at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the notes of such series being redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 
 Payment of Additional Amounts 
 
 Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, all payments made by Medtronic Luxco or any Guarantor under or with respect to the notes and guarantees will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Taxing Jurisdiction, unless Medtronic Luxco or any Guarantor, as the case may be, is required to withhold or deduct taxes by law or by the interpretation or administration thereof. In the event that Medtronic Luxco or any Guarantor is required to so withhold or deduct any amount for or on account of any taxes from any payment made under or with respect to the notes or the guarantees, as the case may be, subject to certain exceptions and limitations Medtronic Luxco or the applicable Guarantor, as the case may be, will pay such additional amounts Additional Amounts as may be necessary so that the net amount received by each holder of notes (including Additional Amounts) after such withholding or deduction will equal the amount that such holder would have received if such taxes had not been required to be withheld or deducted. 
 
 Events of Default 
 
 Any of the following events will constitute an event of default for each series of notes under the Indenture 

failure to pay any interest on the notes of that series when due and payable and such failure continues for 30 days failure to pay principal of or any premium on the notes of that series at its maturity, acceleration, redemption or otherwise failure to perform or the breach of any other covenant or warranty in the Indenture applicable to such series and such failure continues for 60 days after written notice as provided in such Indenture failure to pay principal when due at maturity or a default that results in the acceleration of maturity of Medtronic plc s or any Restricted Subsidiary s (defined below) indebtedness for borrowed money in an aggregate amount of 150 million or more Medtronic plc s or Medtronic, Inc. s guarantee ceases to be in full force and effect or is declared to be null and void and unenforceable or such guarantee is found to be invalid or Medtronic plc or Medtronic, Inc. denies its liability under its guarantee (other than by reason of release of a Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Indenture) certain events in bankruptcy, insolvency, examinership or reorganization, voluntary or involuntary, relating to Medtronic Luxco, Medtronic or Medtronic, Inc. and any other event of default provided with respect to notes of such series. 
 
 If an event of default, other than an event of default specified in the sixth bullet point above, occurs with respect to notes of any series and is continuing, either the applicable trustee or the holders of at least 25 in principal amount of the outstanding notes of that series may declare the principal amount of all notes of that series to be due and payable immediately provided , however , that under certain circumstances the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of outstanding notes of that series may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences. If an event of default specified in the sixth bullet point above occurs and is continuing, the entire principal amount of, and accrued interest, if any, on each series of notes then outstanding shall become immediately due and payable. 
 
 The applicable trustee, after the occurrence of a default with respect to any series of notes, shall give to the holders of notes of that series notice of all uncured defaults known to it (the term default to mean the events specified above without grace periods) provided , that, except in the case of default in the payment of principal of (or premium, if any) or interest, if any, on any note, the trustee shall be protected in withholding such notice if it in good faith determines that the withholding of such notice is in the interest of the holders of the notes of such series. 
 
 The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding notes of any series affected will have the right, subject to certain limitations, to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee with respect to the notes of such series, and to waive certain defaults. 
 
 In case an event of default shall occur and be continuing, each trustee shall exercise such of its rights and powers under the Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent man would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of his own affairs. Subject to such provisions, the trustees will be under no obligation to exercise any of their rights or powers under the Indenture at the request or direction of any of the holders of notes unless such holders shall have offered to the applicable trustee reasonable security or indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. 
 
 The Indenture requires us to deliver to the trustees annual statements as to the performance of our obligations under the Indenture and as to any events of default thereunder. 

A default in the payment of any of our notes or under any related guarantee, or a default with respect to our notes or any related guarantee that causes such notes to be accelerated, may give rise to a cross-default under our other indebtedness. 
 
 Restricted Subsidiary means (i) each of Medtronic Luxco and Medtronic, Inc. and (ii) any other subsidiary of Medtronic which owns or leases a Principal Property, except any subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which are located, or substantially all of the business of which is carried on, outside the United States and its territories and possessions. 
 
 Principal Property means any plant, office facility, warehouse, distribution center or equipment located within the United States (other than its territories or possessions) and owned by Medtronic or any subsidiary, the gross book value (without deduction of any depreciation reserves) of which on the date as of which the determination is being made exceeds 2 of the Consolidated Net Tangible Assets of Medtronic, except any such property which Medtronic s board of directors, in its good faith opinion, determines is not of material importance to the business conducted by Medtronic and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as evidenced by a certified copy of a board resolution. 
 
 Modification of the Indenture 
 
 Modifications and amendments of the Indenture may be made by us and the applicable trustee with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of each series affected by the modification or waiver provided , however , that no such modification or amendment may without the consent of the holder of each noteholder affected thereby, extend the stated maturity of the principal of, or any installment of principal of or interest on, any note, reduce the principal amount of, or premium or interest on, any note, change the place of payment where coin or currency in which the principal of, or any premium or interest on, any note is payable, impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or with respect to any note, reduce the percentage in principal amount of outstanding notes, the consent of the holders of which is required for modification or amendment of the Indenture or for waiver of compliance with certain provisions of the Indenture or for waiver of certain defaults or modify any of the above provisions. 
 
 The holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of each series may, on behalf of the holders of all notes of that series, waive compliance by us with certain restrictive provisions of the Indenture that may be amended by such majority. The holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of each series may, on behalf of the holders of all notes of such series, waive any past default under the Indenture, except a default (1) in the payment of principal of, or any premium or interest on, any note or (2) in respect of a covenant or provision of the Indenture which cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holder of each note of the affected series. 
 
 Modifications and amendments of the Indenture may be made by us and the trustee without the consent of any holders of any series of notes for any of the following purposes 

to evidence the succession of another person to us or any guarantor and the assumption by any such successor of our or such Guarantor s covenants under the Indenture and in the notes to add to our covenants or the covenants applicable to any guarantor for the benefit of the holders or to surrender any right or power in the Indenture conferred upon us or any Guarantor to add any additional events of default for the benefit of the holders to secure the notes or any related guarantee to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor trustee to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision in the Indenture or in any supplemental indenture which may be inconsistent with any other provision of such indenture or supplemental indenture, or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Indenture provided such action shall not adversely affect the interests of the holders in any material respect 
 to conform the Indenture or any supplemental indenture to the description of the notes set forth in any prospectus or prospectus supplement related to such series of notes to comply with the requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualifications of the indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act to add to or change any of the provisions of the Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the issuance of notes in bearer form or to facilitate the issuance of notes in uncertificated form to provide for the issuance and establish the forms or terms and conditions of notes of any series as permitted by the Indenture to add or release a Guarantor as permitted by the Indenture or to comply with the rules of any applicable securities depositary. 
 
 Notes will not be considered outstanding, and therefore will not be eligible to vote on any matter, if we have deposited or set aside in trust money for their payment or redemption. Notes will also not be eligible to vote if they have been fully defeased. 
 
 We will generally be entitled to set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders of outstanding notes that are entitled to vote or take other action under the Indenture. In certain limited circumstances, the trustee will be entitled to set a record date for action by holders. If we or the trustee set a record date for a vote or other action to be taken, that vote or action may be taken only by persons who are holders of outstanding notes on the record date and must be taken within 180 days following the record date or a shorter period that we may specify (or as the trustee may specify, if it set the record date). We may shorten or lengthen (but not beyond 180 days) this period from time to time. 
 
 Other Provisions of the Notes 
 
 The Indenture contains provisions that restrict our ability, and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries, to incur secured debt and to engage in sale and leaseback transactions. The Indenture does not restrict our ability to convey or transfer our properties and assets other than as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to any other person. The Indenture contains no other restrictive covenants, including those that would afford holders of the notes protection in the event of a highly-leveraged transaction involving Medtronic Luxco or any of its affiliates or other events that may adversely affect our creditworthiness or the value of the notes. The Indenture also does not contain any 

covenants relating to total unsecured indebtedness, interest coverage, stock repurchases, recapitalizations, dividends and distributions to shareholders, current ratios or acquisitions and divestitures. 
 
 Regarding the Trustees 
 
 The Indenture trustee s current address is Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, 600 South 4th Street, 6th Floor, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55415. 
 
 The Indenture provides that, except during the continuance of an event of default, the trustee will perform only such duties as are specifically set forth in the Indenture. During the existence of an event of default, the trustee will exercise such rights and powers vested in its exercise as a prudent person would exercise under the circumstances in the conduct of such person s own affairs. 
 
 The Indenture and certain provisions of the Trust Indenture Act contain limitations on the rights of the trustees, should a trustee become a creditor of us, Medtronic plc or Medtronic, Inc. to obtain payment of claims in certain cases or to realize on certain property received by it in respect of any such claim as security or otherwise. A trustee is permitted to engage in other transactions with us or any affiliate of ours. If there arises any conflicting interest (as defined in the Indenture or in the Trust Indenture Act), it must eliminate such conflict or resign. 
 
 We maintain ordinary banking relationships and credit facilities with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. In addition, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association is the trustee for certain of our affiliates other debt securities, is the transfer agent for Medtronic plc s ordinary shares, and from time to time provides services relating to our investment management, stock repurchase and foreign currency hedging programs. 
 
 Listing 
 
 The notes are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Medtronic Luxco will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain such listing and satisfy the requirements for such continued listing as long as the notes are outstanding. The New York Stock Exchange is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
 
 Governing Law 
 
 The Indenture and the notes are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. For the avoidance of doubt, the applicability of Articles 84 to 94-8 of the Luxembourg law dated August 10, 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, shall be excluded. 
 
 No holder of notes may initiate proceedings against Medtronic Luxco based on Article 98 of the Luxembourg law dated August 10, 1915 on commercial companies, as amended. 
 
 Book-Entry System Delivery and Form 
 
 Global Clearance and Settlement 
 
 The notes of each series are issued in the form of one or more global notes in fully registered form, without coupons, and deposited with, or on behalf of, a common depositary, and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary, for, and in respect of interests held through, Euroclear and Clearstream. Except as described herein, certificates will not be issued in exchange for beneficial interests in the global notes. 
 
 Except as set forth below, the global notes may be transferred, in whole and not in part, only to Euroclear or Clearstream or their respective nominees. 
 
 Beneficial interests in the global notes are be represented, and transfers of such beneficial interests will be effected, through accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct or indirect participants in Euroclear or Clearstream. Those beneficial interests are in denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. Investors may hold notes directly through Euroclear or Clearstream, if they are participants in such systems, or indirectly through organizations that are participants in such systems. 

We have been advised by Clearstream and Euroclear, respectively, as follows 
 
 Clearstream 
 
 Clearstream has advised that it is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg and licensed as a bank and professional depositary. Clearstream holds securities for its participating organizations and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions among its participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of its participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Clearstream provides to its participants, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream interfaces with domestic markets in several countries. Clearstream has established an electronic bridge with the Euroclear Operator (as defined below) to facilitate the settlement of trades between the nominees of Clearstream and Euroclear. As a registered bank in Luxembourg, Clearstream is subject to regulation by the Luxembourg Commission for the Supervision of the Financial Sector. Clearstream customers are recognized financial institutions around the world, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations and may include the underwriters. Indirect access to Clearstream is also available to others, such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through, or maintain a custodial relationship with, a Clearstream participant, either directly or indirectly. 
 
 Distributions with respect to notes held beneficially through Clearstream will be credited to cash accounts of Clearstream participants in accordance with its rules and procedures. 
 
 Euroclear 
 
 Euroclear has advised that it was created in 1968 to hold securities for its participants and to clear and settle transactions between Euroclear participants through simultaneous electronic book-entry delivery against payment, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates and any risk from lack of simultaneous transfers of securities and cash. Euroclear includes various other services, including securities lending and borrowing and interfaces with domestic markets in several countries. All operations are conducted by the Euroclear Operator, and all Euroclear securities clearance accounts and Euroclear cash accounts are accounts with the Euroclear Operator. Euroclear participants include banks (including central banks), securities brokers and dealers and other professional financial intermediaries and may include the underwriters. Indirect access to Euroclear is also available to other firms that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Euroclear participant, either directly or indirectly. 
 
 Securities clearance accounts and cash accounts with the Euroclear Operator are governed by the Terms and Conditions Governing Use of Euroclear and the related operating procedures of Euroclear, and applicable Belgian law (collectively, the Terms and Conditions ). The Terms and Conditions govern transfers of securities and cash within Euroclear, withdrawals of securities and cash from Euroclear, and receipts of payments with respect to securities in Euroclear. All securities in Euroclear are held on a fungible basis without attribution of specific certificates to specific securities clearance accounts. The Euroclear Operator acts under the Terms and Conditions only on behalf of Euroclear participants, and has no records of or relationship with persons holding through Euroclear participants. 
 
 Distributions with respect to the notes held beneficially through Euroclear will be credited to the cash accounts of Euroclear participants in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
 
 Euroclear and Clearstream Arrangements 
 
 So long as Euroclear or Clearstream or their nominee or their common depositary is the registered holder of the global notes, Euroclear, Clearstream or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the notes represented by such global notes for all purposes under the Indenture and the notes. Payments of principal, interest and additional amounts, if any, in respect of the global notes will be made to Euroclear, Clearstream, such nominee or such common depositary, as the case may be, as registered holder thereof. None of us, the trustee, any underwriter and any affiliate of any of the above or any person by whom any of the above is controlled (as such term is defined in the Securities Act) will have any responsibility or liability for any records 

relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the global notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
 
 Distributions of principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect to the global notes will be credited in euro to the extent received by Euroclear or Clearstream from the paying agent to the cash accounts of Euroclear or Clearstream customers in accordance with the relevant system s rules and procedures. 
 
 Because Euroclear and Clearstream can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in the global notes to pledge such interest to persons or entities which do not participate in the relevant clearing system, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack of a physical certificate in respect of such interest. 
 
 Initial Settlement 
 
 We understand that investors that hold their notes through Clearstream or Euroclear accounts will follow the settlement procedures that are applicable to conventional eurobonds in registered form. Subject to applicable procedures of Clearstream and Euroclear, notes will be credited to the securities custody accounts of Clearstream and Euroclear participants on the business day following the settlement date, for value on the settlement date. 
 
 Secondary Market Trading 
 
 Because the purchaser determines the place of delivery, it is important to establish at the time of trading of any notes where both the purchaser s and seller s accounts are located to ensure that settlement can be made on the desired value date. 
 
 We understand that secondary market trading between Clearstream and or Euroclear participants will occur in the ordinary way following the applicable rules and operating procedures of Clearstream and Euroclear. Secondary market trading will be settled using procedures applicable to conventional eurobonds in global registered form. 
 
 Investors will only be able to make and receive deliveries, payments and other communications involving the notes through Clearstream and Euroclear on days when those systems are open for business. Those systems may not be open for business on days when banks, brokers and other institutions are open for business in the United States. 
 
 In addition, because of time-zone differences, there may be problems with completing transactions involving Clearstream and Euroclear on the same business day as in the United States. U.S. investors who wish to transfer their interests in the notes, or to make or receive a payment or delivery of the notes, on a particular day, may find that the transactions will not be performed until the next business day in Luxembourg or Brussels, depending on whether Clearstream or Euroclear is used. 
 
 Clearstream or Euroclear will credit payments to the cash accounts of Clearstream customers or Euroclear participants, as applicable, in accordance with the relevant system s rules and procedures, to the extent received by its depositary. Clearstream or the Euroclear Operator, as the case may be, will take any other action permitted to be taken by a holder under the Indenture on behalf of a Clearstream customer or Euroclear participant only in accordance with its relevant rules and procedures. 
 
 Clearstream and Euroclear have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfers of the notes among participants of Clearstream and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform those procedures, and they may discontinue those procedures at any time. 
 
 Exchange of Global Notes for Certificated Notes 
 
 Subject to certain conditions, the notes represented by the global notes are exchangeable for certificated notes in definitive form of like tenor in minimum denominations of 100,000 principal amount and multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof if 

(1) the common depositary notifies us that it is unwilling, unable or no longer qualified to continue as depositary for the global notes and we fail to appoint a successor depositary within 90 calendar days (2) Medtronic Luxco, at its option, notifies the trustee in writing that it elects to cause the issuance of certificated notes or (3) there has occurred and is continuing an Event of Default with respect to the notes. 
 
 In all cases, certificated notes delivered in exchange for any global note or beneficial interest therein will be registered in the names, and issued in any approved denominations, requested by or on behalf of the common depositary (in accordance with its customary procedures). 
 
 Payments 
 
 Payments (including principal, premium and interest) and transfers with respect to notes in certificated form may be executed at the office or agency maintained for such purpose in London (initially the corporate trust office of the paying agent) or, at Medtronic Luxco s option, by check mailed to the holders thereof at the respective addresses set forth in the register of holders of the notes (maintained by the registrar), provided that all payments (including principal, premium and interest) on notes in certificated form, for which the holders thereof have given wire transfer instructions, will be required to be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the holders thereof. No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer, but payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge payable in connection with that registration may be required. 

</EX-4.25>

<EX-10.85>
 3
 mdt-202310kxex1085.htm
 EX-10.85

Document 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 AND EXTENSION AGREEMENT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 Dated as of December 12, 2020 
 
 AMENDMENT NO. 2 AND EXTENSION AGREEMENT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment among MEDTRONIC GLOBAL HOLDINGS S.C.A., a partnership limited by shares soci t en commandite par actions incorporated under the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg having its registered office at 1, rue du Potager, L-2347, Luxembourg, and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under the number B 191 129 (the Company ), MEDTRONIC, INC., a Minnesota corporation Medtronic ), MEDTRONIC PLC, an Irish public limited company Parent ), the Lenders (as defined below) party hereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent for the Lenders. 
 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 
 (1) The Company, Medtronic, Parent, the Designated Subsidiaries from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 12, 2018 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified through the date hereof, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the same meanings as specified in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 (2) Pursuant to Section 10.02 of the Credit Agreement, the parties hereto desire to amend the Credit Agreement as set forth in Section 1 below (the Amendment ). 
 
 (3) Pursuant to Section 2.20 of the Credit Agreement, each Lender party hereto so indicating on its signature page to this Amendment desires to extend the Maturity Date applicable to it for one (1) year from December 12, 2024 to December 12, 2025 as set forth in Section 2 below. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of all of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 
 SECTION 1. Certain Amendments to Credit Agreement. Each of the parties hereto agrees that, effective on the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), the Credit Agreement shall be amended as follows 
 
 (a) The definitions of Bail-In Action , Bail-In Legislation and Write-Down and Conversion Powers in Section 1.01 are amended in full to read as follows 
 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

 Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 
 (b) Section 1.01 is further amended by adding thereto in appropriate alphabetical order the following new definitions 
 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution . 
 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 (c) Each use of the term Loan Document in the definition of Other Connection Taxes in Section 1.01 is replaced with the term Credit Document. 
 
 (d) Section 1.03(c) is amended in full to read as follows 
 Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

 (c) For all purposes under the Credit Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 
 (e) Section 2.20(a) is amended by deleting the phrase but not more than twice after the first anniversary of the Closing Date and substituting therefor the phrase but not more than twice after December 12, 2020. 
 
 (f) Section 10.17 is amended in full to read as follows 
 
 SECTION 10.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in contrary in any Credit Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising hereunder, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Credit Agreement or any other Credit Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 
 (g) Each use of the term Loan Documents in Section 10.18 is replaced with the term Credit Documents. 
 
 Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

 SECTION 2. Extension of Maturity Date. 
 
 Each Lender so indicating on its signature page to this Amendment (i) agrees to extend the Maturity Date with respect to its Commitment to December 12, 2025, and (ii) waives and deems satisfied all notice and other requirements of Section 2.20(a) of the Credit Agreement with respect to such extension. Subject to the foregoing, this agreement to extend the Maturity Date is subject in all respects to the terms of the Credit Agreement and is irrevocable. 
 
 SECTION 3. Conditions to Effectiveness. 
 
 This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first above written (the Amendment Effective Date when, and only when, the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment executed by the Company, Medtronic, Parent, the Swing Line Lender and the Required Lenders. Each Lender that consents to the Extension Request shall so indicate its consent by executing as indicated on the signature page. 
 
 SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties of the Credit Parties. Each Credit Party represents and warrants on the Amendment Effective Date as follows 
 
 (a) The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, are within such Credit Party s corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required, shareholder action. This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each Credit Party and the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Credit Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable Debtor Relief Laws and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) 
 
 (b) The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby (i) do not require such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries to obtain or make any material consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect except for any filing which, if required, will be timely made, (ii) will not result in the violation by such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority, (iii) will not violate or result in a default under any material indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, and (iv) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries 
 
 (c) The representations and warranties in Article III of the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent qualified by materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) and 
 
 (d) No Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

 SECTION 5. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Credit Documents. (a) On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Credit Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in any other Credit Document to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. 
 (b) The Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents, as specifically amended by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. 
 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 (d) This Amendment is subject to the provisions of Section 10.02 of the Credit Agreement and constitutes a Credit Document. 
 
 SECTION 6. Costs and Expenses. The Company agrees to pay promptly on demand all reasonable costs and out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as such) in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery and administration, modification and amendment of this Amendment (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of a single counsel for the Administrative Agent with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent as to its rights and responsibilities hereunder) in accordance with the terms of Section 10.03 of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 7. Execution in Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. 
 
 SECTION 8. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
 
 MEDTRONIC GLOBAL HOLDINGS S.C.A., a 
 Luxembourg corporate partnership limited by shares soci t en commandite par actions represented by Medtronic Global Holdings GP 
 S. .r.l. its General Partner, in turn acting by 
 
 By s Erik De Gres 
 Name Erik De Gres 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 MEDTRONIC, INC. 
 
 By s Jason Bristow 
 Name Jason Bristow 
 Title VP Treasurer 
 
 Signed for and on behalf of 
 
 MEDTRONIC PLC 
 
 By s Jason Bristow 
 Name Jason Bristow 
 Title VP Treasurer 
 
 In the presence of 
 By s Tom Osteraas 
 
 Witness 
 
 Address 710 Medtronic Pkwy. 
 Minneapolis, MN 55432 
 
 Name Tom Osteraas 
 
 Occupation Senior Principal Legal Counsel 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 
 By s Anthea Del Bianco 
 Name Anthea Del Bianco 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Consent to the foregoing Amendment 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Lender and Swing Line Lender 

By s Yinghua Zhang 
 Name Yinghua Zhang 
 Title Director 

Consent to extend the Maturity Date 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Lender and Swing Line Lender 

By s Yinghua Zhang 
 Name Yinghua Zhang 
 Title Director 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

 Consent to the foregoing Amendment 
 
 CITIBANK, N.A. 

By s Richard Rivera 
 Name Richard Rivera 
 Title Vice President 

Consent to extend the Maturity Date 
 
 CITIBANK, N.A. 

By s Richard Rivera 
 Name Richard Rivera 
 Title Vice President 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

 Consent to the foregoing Amendment 
 
 DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH 

By s Ming K. Chu 
 Name Ming K. Chu 
 Title Director 

By s Annie Chung 
 Name Annie Chung 
 Title Director 

Consent to extend the Maturity Date 
 
 DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH 

By s Ming K. Chu 
 Name Ming K. Chu 
 Title Director 

By s Annie Chung 
 Name Annie Chung 
 Title Director 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

 Consent to the foregoing Amendment 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 

By s Heather Hoopingarner 
 Name Heather Hoopingarner 
 Title Vice President 

Consent to extend the Maturity Date 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 

By s Heather Hoopingarner 
 Name Heather Hoopingarner 
 Title Vice President 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

 BARCLAYS BANK PLC 

By s Ronnie Glenn 
 Name Ronnie Glenn 
 Title Director 

Consent to extend the Maturity Date 
 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC 

By s Ronnie Glenn 
 Name Ronnie Glenn 
 Title Director 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 

By s Rebecca Kratz 
 Name Rebecca Kratz 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Consent to extend the Maturity Date 
 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 

By s Rebecca Kratz 
 Name Rebecca Kratz 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

 HSBC Bank USA, N.A. 

By s James Smith 
 Name James Smith 
 Title Vice President & Relationship Manager 

Consent to extend the Maturity Date 
 
 HSBC Bank USA, N.A. 

By s James Smith 
 Name James Smith 
 Title Vice President & Relationship Manager 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

 MIZUHO BANK, LTD. 

By s Tracy Rahn 
 Name Tracy Rahn 
 Title Executive Director 

Consent to extend the Maturity Date 
 
 MIZUHO BANK, LTD. 

By s Tracy Rahn 
 Name Tracy Rahn 
 Title Executive Director 

Medtronic Amendment No. 2 

</EX-10.85>

<EX-10.86>
 4
 mdt-202310kxex1086.htm
 EX-10.86

Document 

MEDTRONIC 
 NONQUALIFIED RETIREMENT PLAN SUPPLEMENT 
 (as amended and restated effective April 28, 2023) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLE 1 DEFERRED COMPENSATION ACCOUNT ........................................................... 
 Section 1.1 Establishment of Account..................................................................................... 
 Section 1.2 Property of Company............................................................................................ 
 ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS, GENDER, AND NUMBER............................................................. 
 Section 2.1 Definitions............................................................................................................. 
 Section 2.2 Gender and Number.............................................................................................. 
 ARTICLE 3 PARTICIPATION...................................................................................................... 
 Section 3.1 Who May Participate............................................................................................. 
 Section 3.2 Time and Conditions of Participation................................................................... 
 Section 3.3 Termination and Suspension of Participation....................................................... 
 Section 3.4 Missing Persons..................................................................................................... 
 Section 3.5 Relationship to Other Plans................................................................................... 
 ARTICLE 4 RETIREMENT PLAN SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFIT.............................................. 
 Section 4.1 Calculation of Retirement Plan Supplemental Benefit......................................... 
 Section 4.2 Establishment of Nonqualified Retirement Plan Account.................................... 
 Section 4.3 Interest Credited to Nonqualified Retirement Plan Account................................ 
 Section 4.4 Payment of Nonqualified Retirement Plan Account............................................. 
 ARTICLE 5 ESOP SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFIT......................................................................... 
 Section 5.1 Nonqualified ESOP Account................................................................................ 
 Section 5.2 Gains Credited to Nonqualified ESOP Account................................................... 
 Section 5.3 Payment of Nonqualified ESOP Account............................................................. 
 ARTICLE 6 PERSONAL INVESTMENT ACCOUNT SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFIT............... 
 Section 6.1 Calculation of Personal Investment Account Supplemental Benefit.................... 
 Section 6.2 Establishment of Nonqualified Personal Investment Account.............................. 
 Section 6.3 Crediting Gains and Losses to Nonqualified Personal Investment Account........ 
 Section 6.4 Vested Interest in Nonqualified Personal Investment Account............................ 
 Section 6.5 Payment of Nonqualified Personal Investment Account...................................... 
 ARTICLE 7 MEDTRONIC CORE CONTRIBUTION ACCOUNT SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFIT .......................................................................................................................................... 
 Section 7.1 Calculation of Medtronic Core Contribution Account Supplemental Benefit............................................................................................................................................... 
 Section 7.2 Establishment of Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account............... 
 Section 7.3 Crediting Gains and Losses to Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account. ........................................................................................................................................... 
 Section 7.4 Vested Interest in Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account.............. 
 Section 7.5 Payment of Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account........................ 
 ARTICLE 8 ARTICLES. DEATH BENEFITS................................................................................ 
 Section 8.1 Form and Time of Payment................................................................................... 
 Section 8.2 Beneficiary............................................................................................................ 
 ARTICLE 9 CHANGE IN CONTROL PROVISIONS.................................................................. 
 Section 9.1 Application of Article 9........................................................................................ 
 Section 9.2 Payments to and by the Trust................................................................................ 
 Section 9.3 Legal Fees and Expenses...................................................................................... 
 Section 9.4 Late Payment and Additional Payment Provisions............................................... 
 ARTICLE 10 FUNDING................................................................................................................. 
 Section 10.1 Source of Benefits............................................................................................. 

Section 10.2 No Claim on Specific Assets............................................................................. 
 ARTICLE 11 ADMINISTRATION................................................................................................ 
 Section 11.1 Administration................................................................................................... 
 Section 11.2 Powers of Committee........................................................................................ 
 Section 11.3 Actions of the Committee................................................................................. 
 Section 11.4 Delegation......................................................................................................... 
 Section 11.5 Reports and Records.......................................................................................... 
 Section 11.6 Claims Procedure.............................................................................................. 
 Section 11.7 Disability Benefit Claims. . ................................................................................ 
 Section 11.8 Additional Claims Procedure Requirements..................................................... 
 ARTICLE 12 AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION................................................................ 
 Section 12.1 Amendments...................................................................................................... 
 Section 12.2 Termination....................................................................................................... 
 ARTICLE 13 MISCELLANEOUS................................................................................................. 
 Section 13.1 No Guarantee of Employment.......................................................................... 
 Section 13.2 Release.............................................................................................................. 
 Section 13.3 Notices............................................................................................................... 
 Section 13.4 Nonalienation. ................................................................................................. 
 Section 13.5 Withholding....................................................................................................... 
 Section 13.6 Captions............................................................................................................. 
 Section 13.7 Applicable Law................................................................................................. 
 Section 13.8 Invalidity of Certain Provisions........................................................................ 
 Section 13.9 No Other Agreements........................................................................................ 
 Section 13.10 Incapacity.......................................................................................................... 
 Section 13.11 Electronic Media............................................................................................... 
 Section 13.12 Delay of Distributions Upon Certain Events.................................................... 
 Section 13.13 Acceleration of Distributions Upon Certain Events.......................................... 
 Section 13.14 Small Account Balances................................................................................... 
 Section 13.15 When a Plan Payment is Deemed to be Made.................................................. 
 Section 13.16 Restricted Period............................................................................................... 
 
 SCHEDULE A - CREDITING RATE 
 SCHEDULE B - SPECIAL BENEFITS 

MEDTRONIC NONQUALIFIED RETIREMENT PLAN SUPPLEMENT 
 (as amended and restated effective April 28, 2023) 
 Medtronic, Inc. (the Company previously established the Medtronic, Inc. Executive Nonqualified Supplemental Benefit Plan (the Plan for the benefit of the Eligible Employees of the Company and certain of its Affiliates, effective May 1, 1986. The Plan was amended and restated effective May 1, 2005, and again restated effective January 1, 2008, to comply with the requirements of the final regulations issued under Section 409A of the Code Section 409A ). At the time of that restatement, the name of the Plan was the Medtronic, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. The Plan has been amended in other respects, including changing the name of the Plan to the Medtronic, Inc. Nonqualified Retirement Plan Supplement in June of 2011. The Plan was further restated effective May 1, 2017, and is now being restated, effective April 28, 2023. 
 This restatement applies to amounts deferred under the Plan on or after April 28, 2023 (the Restatement Date ), and to the payment of all amounts deferred under the Plan (whether such amounts were deferred before, on, or after the Restatement Date) for which distributions have not commenced as of the Restatement Date. No amount deferred under the Plan is intended to be grandfathered under Section 409A. The restatement does not change the time or form of any payment required under the Plan, and does not reduce vested amounts credited to a Participant s account prior to the date of execution of the restated Plan. 
 The purpose of the Plan is to provide Eligible Employees with benefits that supplement those provided under certain of the tax-qualified plans maintained by the Company. More specifically, the Plan is intended to provide certain benefits on a nonqualified basis that are not otherwise provided under the Company s tax-qualified plans as a result of the application of certain legal limitations on contributions, benefits and includible compensation and as a result of elections made by Eligible Employees under other plans maintained by the Company. 
 The Plan is intended to be (and shall be construed and administered as) an employee benefit pension plan under the provisions of ERISA, which is unfunded and maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for Eligible Employees who constitute a select group of management or highly-compensated employees, as described in Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA. 
 The Plan is not intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code. The Plan, as restated herein, is subject to, and intended to comply with, Section 409A. 
 The obligation of the Company to make payments under the Plan constitutes an unsecured (but legally enforceable) promise of the Company to make such payments and no person, including any Participant or Beneficiary, shall have any lien, prior claim or other security interest in any property of the Company as a result of the Plan. 
 ARTICLE 1 DEFERRED COMPENSATION ACCOUNT 
 Section 1.1 Establishment of Account . The Company shall establish one or more Accounts for each Participant which shall be utilized solely as a device to measure and determine the amount of deferred compensation to be paid under the Plan. 
 Section 1.2 Property of Company . Any amounts set aside for benefits payable under the Plan are the property of the Company, except, and to the extent, provided in the Trust. 

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS, GENDER, AND NUMBER 
 Section 2.1 Definitions . Whenever used in the Plan, the following words and phrases shall have the meanings set forth below unless the context plainly requires a different meaning, and when a defined meaning is intended, the term is capitalized. 
 2.1.1 Account means a bookkeeping account established by the Company on its books and records to record and determine the benefits payable to a Participant or Beneficiary under the Plan. The Company shall establish a separate Account on behalf of each Participant for 
 (a) The benefit the Participant is entitled to receive pursuant to Article 4, if any, referred to as the Nonqualified Retirement Plan Account 
 (b) The benefit the Participant is entitled to receive pursuant to Article 5, if any, referred to as the Nonqualified ESOP Account 
 (c) The benefit the Participant is entitled to receive pursuant to Article 6 , if any, entitled the Supplemental Personal Investment Account and 
 (d) The benefit the Participant is entitled to receive pursuant to Article 7, if any, entitled the Supplemental Medtronic Core Contribution Account. 
 The Committee may establish any number of sub-accounts on behalf of a Participant or Beneficiary as the Committee considers necessary or advisable for purposes of maintaining a proper accounting of amounts to be credited under the Plan on behalf of a Participant or Beneficiary . 
 2.1.2 Affiliate or Affiliates means the Company and any entity with which the Company would be considered a single employer under Section 414(b) of the Code (employees of controlled group of corporations) and Section 414(c) of the Code (employees of partnerships, proprietorships, etc ., under common control) . 
 2.1.3 Beneficiary or Beneficiaries means the persons or trusts designated by a Participant in writing pursuant to Section 8 . 2 . 1 as being entitled to receive any benefit payable under the Plan by reason of the death of a Participant, or, in the absence of such designation, the persons specified in Section 8.2.2 . 
 2.1.4 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company as constituted at the relevant time. 
 2.1.5 Capital Accumulation Plan means the Medtronic, Inc . Capital Accumulation Plan Deferral Program, as amended or restated from time to time or any successor thereto . 
 2.1.6 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time and any successor statute. References to a Code section shall be deemed to be to that section or to any successor to that section, and to all guidance issued under that section. 
 2 

2.1.7 Committee means the Committee or individual appointed by the Compensation Committee of the Board (or any person or entity designated by the Committee) to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 11.4. 
 2.1.8 Company means Medtronic, Inc . and its successors and assigns, by merger, purchase or otherwise. 
 2.1.9 Domestic Relations Order has the meaning set forth in Section 414(p)(l)(B) of the Code. 
 2.1.10 Eligible Employee means an elected or appointed officer of the Company, or any other key employee of the Company or an Affiliate, excluding any individual who is neither a United States citizen nor a United States resident. In order to be an Eligible Employee an employee must be a member of a select group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 40l(a)(l) of ERISA and rules established by the Committee. The Company may make such projections or estimates as it deems desirable in applying the eligibility requirements, and its determination shall be conclusive. 
 2.1.11 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 , as amended from time to time and any successor statute. References to an ERISA section shall be deemed to be to that section or to any successor to that section, and to all guidance issued under that section. 
 2.1.12 ESOP means the Medtronic, Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan, as in effect prior to April 30, 2001. (As of April 30, 2001, the ESOP was amended to permit elective deferrals under Section 401(k) of the Code and renamed the Medtronic, Inc . Employee Stock Ownership and Supplemental Retirement Plan . As of May 1, 2005, the Medtronic, Inc. Employee Stock Ownership and Supplemental Retirement Plan was amended and renamed the Medtronic, Inc. Savings and Investment Plan. As of January 26, 2015, the Medtronic, Inc. Savings and Investment Plan was amended and renamed the Medtronic Savings and Investment Plan.) 
 2.1.13 ESOP Supplemental Benefit means the benefit under the Predecessor Plan that was commonly referred to as the ESOP restoration benefit and previously called the Defined Contribution Supplemental Benefit. Under the Plan, this benefit equals the difference between (a) the allocation due to Company contributions the Participant would have received under the ESOP prior to May , 1, 2005 , but for the Section 401(a)(17) Limitation and Section 415 Limitation and (b) the allocation actually received by the Participant under the ESOP . 
 2.1.14 Event means an event of change in control of the Company, as defined in the Trust. 
 2.1.15 Interest Rate means an annual rate of two percent (2 or such other reasonable rate of interest as is selected by the Committee, in its sole discretion, except that Interest Rate shall mean an annual rate of six percent (6 for the following Participants (i) any Participant who has a Separation from Service on or before April 28, 2023 or (ii) any Participant who was identified by the Committee as having a Separation from Service on or before May 12, 2023 due to either (x) restructuring activity, or (y) a delayed retirement date under the 2023 Medtronic Voluntary Early Retirement Plan or (iii) any Participant who has a separation from Service on or before April 30, 2027 and who (x) was actively employed on April 29, 2023, and (y) satisfied the age and service 
 3 

requirements for the 2023 Medtronic Voluntary Early Retirement Plan but was excluded from participation in such program due to the Participant s job classification. 
 2.1.16 Medtronic Core Contribution Account has the same meaning as in the Savings and Investment Plan. 
 2.1.17 Medtronic Core Contribution Account Supplemental Benefit has the meaning set forth in Article 7 . 
 2.1.18 Participant means an Eligible Employee who has commenced participation in the Plan . 
 2.1.19 Personal Investment Account has the same meaning as in the Savings and Investment Plan. 
 2.1.20 Personal Investment Account Supplemental Benefit has the meaning set forth in Article 6. 
 2.1.21 Plan means the Medtronic Nonqualified Retirement Plan Supplement as set forth herein and as amended or restated from time to time . 
 2.1.22 Plan Year means the 12-month period commenc i ng May 1 and ending the following April 30 . 
 2.1.23 Predecessor Plan means the Plan , as in effect prior to May 1, 2005 . 
 2.1.24 Restatement Date means April 28, 2023, the effective date of this restatement. 
 2.1.25 Retirement Plan means the Medtronic Retirement Plan, as amended from time to time, and any successor(s) thereto. Effective May 1, 2019, the Company established the Medtronic Retirement Plan for Certain Participants & Beneficiaries and transferred to such plan the portion of the Medtronic Retirement Plan attributable to certain individuals, who, on December 31, 2018, were actively employed with the Company or its Affiliates and accruing pension benefits under the Medtronic Retirement Plan. Accordingly, effective as of May 1, 2019, Retirement Plan shall also mean the Medtronic Retirement Plan for Certain Participants & Beneficiaries. 
 In general, the Retirement Plan includes a final average pay benefit for individuals employed by the Company or an Affiliate prior to May 1, 2005. Effective May 1, 2005, the Retirement Plan provides a personal pension account benefit for individuals who become employed on or after May l, 2005 and before January 1, 2016. Individuals participating in the Retirement Plan prior to May 1, 2005, could elect a personal pension account benefit in lieu of the final average pay benefit for Plan Years commencing May 1, 2005. Alternatively, an individual employed before January 1, 2016, and otherwise eligible to participate in the Retirement Plan could elect not to participate in the Retirement Plan and receive a contribution to a Personal Investment Account under the Savings and Investment Plan. The Retirement Plan is now closed to new entrants and, effective April 30, 2027, will be frozen . 
 2.1.26 Retirement Plan Supplemental Benefit has the meaning set forth m Article 4. 
 4 

2.1.27 Savings and Investment Plan means the Medtronic Savings and Investment Plan, as amended from time to time, and any successor thereto. The Savings and Investment Plan includes a salary reduction benefit under Section 401(k) of the Code and a matching contribution benefit under Section 401(m) of the Code. Effective May 1, 2005, the Savings and Investment Plan also includes a Personal Investment Account for those individuals who elected this retirement benefit option. Individuals who become participants in the Savings and Investment Plan on or after January 1, 2016, can no longer elect a Personal Investment Account, but instead are covered under the Medtronic Core Contribution Account. 
 2.1.28 Section 401(a)(17) Limitation means the limitation on the dollar amount of compensation that may be taken into account under qualified retirement plans under Section 401(a)(l7) of the Code. 
 2.1.29 Section 415 Limitation means the limitation on benefits for qualified defined benefit pension plans and the limitation on allocations for qualified defined contribution plans, which are imposed by Section 415(b) and (c), respectively, of the Code. 
 2.1.30 Separation from Service or Separate from Service , with respect to a Participant, means the Participant s separation from service with all Affiliates, within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code. Solely for this purpose, a Participant will be considered to have a Separation from Service when the Participant dies, retires, or otherwise has a termination of employment with all Affiliates. The employment relationship is treated as continuing intact while the Participant is on military leave , sick leave , or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed six months, or if longer, so long as the individual retains a right to reemployment with the Affiliate under an applicable statute or by contract. For purposes hereof, a leave of absence constitutes a bona fide leave of absence only if there is a reasonable expectation that the Participant will return to perform services for an Affiliate. If the period of leave exceeds six months and the individual does not retain a right to reemployment under an applicable statute or by contract, the employment relationship is deemed to terminate, and the Separation from Service occur, on the day immediately following the end of such six month period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where a leave of absence is due to any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than six months, where such impairment causes the employee to be unable to perform the duties of his or her position of employment or any substantially similar position of employment, the Company may substitute a 29-month period of absence for such six-month period . 
 Whether a termination of employment has occurred is determined based on whether the facts and circumstances indicate that the Affiliate and the Participant reasonably anticipated that no further services will be performed after a certain date or that the level of bona fide services the Participant will perform after such date (whether as an employee or independent contractor) will permanently decrease to no more than 40 percent of the average level of bona fide services performed (whether as an employee or independent contractor) over the immediately preceding 36-month period (or the full period of services if the Participant has been providing services for less than 36 months). 
 Notwithstanding anything in Section 2.1.2 to the contrary, in determining whether a Participant has had a Separation from Service with an Affiliate, an entity s status as an Affiliate shall be determined substituting 50 percent for 80 percent each place it appears in Section 1563(a)(l),(2), and (3) and in Treasury Regulation Section 1.414(c)-2. 
 5 

The Company shall have discretion to determine whether a Participant has experienced a Separation from Service in connection with an asset sale transaction entered into by the Company or an Affiliate, provided that such determination conforms to the requirements of Section 409A, in which case the Company s determination shall be binding on the Participant. 
 2.1.31 Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, as amended from time to time, any successor statute, and all guidance issued thereunder. 
 2.1.32 Specified Employee means an employee of an Affiliate who is subject to the six-month delay rule described in Section 409A(2)(B)(i) of the Code. The Company shall establish a written policy for identifying Specified Employees in a manner consistent with Section 409A, which policy may be amended by the Company from time to time as permitted by Section 409A. 
 2.1.33 Stock means, prior to January 20, 2015, the Company s common stock 0.10 par value per share, and on or after January 26, 2015, ordinary shares of Medtronic Inc., par value 0.0001 per share (as such par value may be adjusted from time to time). 
 2.1.34 Trust means the Medtronic, Inc. Compensation Trust Agreement Number One, as amended from time to time. 
 Section 2.2 Gender and Number . Except as otherwise indicated by context, masculine terminology used herein also includes the feminine and neuter, and terms used in the singular may also include the plural. 
 ARTICLE 3 PARTICIPATION 
 Section 3.1 Who May Participate . Participation in the Plan is limited to Eligible Employees. 
 Section 3.2 Time and Conditions of Participation . An Eligible Employee shall become a Participant on the date on which he or she first accrues a benefit under the Plan, provided that he or she is then in compliance with such terms and conditions as the Committee may from time to time establish for the implementation of the Plan, including, but not limited to, any condition the Committee may deem necessary or appropriate for the Company to meet its obligations under the Plan. 
 Section 3.3 Termination and Suspension of Participation . Once an individual has become a Participant, participation shall continue until payment in full of all benefits to which the Participant or Beneficiary is entitled under the Plan. 
 Section 3.4 Missing Persons . Each Participant and Beneficiary entitled to receive benefits under the Plan shall be obligated to keep the Company informed of his or her current address until all Plan benefits that are due to be paid to the Participant or Beneficiary have been paid to him or her. If, after having made reasonable efforts to do so, the Company is unable to locate the Participant or Beneficiary for purposes of making a distribution, the Participant s or Beneficiary s Plan benefit will be forfeited. In no event will a Participant s or Beneficiary s benefit be paid to him or her later than the date otherwise required by the Plan. 
 Section 3.5 Relationship to Other Plans . Participation in the Plan shall not preclude participation of the Participant in any other fringe benefit program or plan sponsored by an Affiliate for which the Participant would otherwise be eligible. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, to the extent permitted by Section 409A, the Committee, or anyone to 
 6 

whom the Committee has delegated this authority pursuant to Section 11.4, may reduce the benefits payable to a Participant under the Plan if, and to the extent that, benefits are payable to the Participant under another similar plan or arrangement maintained by the Company or an Affiliate. The Committee (or its delegate) shall have complete and absolute discretion to determine whether another benefit plan or arrangement maintained by the Company or an Affiliate is similar to the Plan, whether the benefit under the Plan can be reduced in a manner that does not cause a violation of Section 409A, and the amount of the reduction to be applied. 
 
 Section 3.6 Plan Benefits for Participants who Separated from Service . The benefits provided under the Plan with respect to any Participant who has incurred a Separation from Service shall, except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan, be governed in all respects by the terms of the Plan as in effect as of the date of the Participant s Separation from Service. A Participant s reemployment by, or performance of services for, the Company or an Affiliate after incurring a Separation from Service shall not affect the payment timing or amount of his or her Account(s) under the Plan attributable to his or her service prior to his or her Separation from Service. 
 ARTICLE 4 RETIREMENT PLAN SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFIT 
 Section 4.1 Calculation of Retirement Plan Supplemental Benefit . An Eligible Employee shall earn a Retirement Plan Supplemental Benefit as of any Determination Date, as defined in the following sentence, in an amount equal to the lump sum actuarial equivalent value of the difference between his or her Unrestricted Retirement Plan Benefit, as defined below in this Section 4.1, and his or her Actual Retirement Plan Benefit, as defined below in this Section 4.1, with both values determined as of the Determination Date. For purposes hereof, the Determination Date is the first day of the month. The lump sum actuarial equivalent value shall be determined in each case by use of the applicable interest rate of six percent (6 and the applicable mortality table within the meaning of Section 417(e)(3) of the Code. Provided, however, the Retirement Plan Supplemental Benefit determined in accordance with this Section 4.1 shall not be less than the Retirement Plan Supplemental Benefit determined in accordance with the Plan as in effect on May 1, 2010. 
 For purposes hereof, an Eligible Employee s Unrestricted Retirement Plan Benefit as of any Determination Date equals the vested monthly benefit that such individual would have accrued under the Retirement Plan as of such date under the otherwise applicable provisions of the Retirement Plan, but determined for periods from and after May 1, 1986, without application of the Section 415 Limitation or the Section 40l(a)(17) Limitation and based upon the compensation that would have been paid to the Eligible Employee during the Plan Year but for his or her election to defer his or her compensation under the Capital Accumulation Plan. For purposes hereof, compensation that is reduced pursuant to such an election shall be taken into account for the Plan Year during which such compensation would have been paid to the Eligible Employee but for such election and only to the extent that such compensation would otherwise be taken into account under the Retirement Plan in calculating benefits thereunder had such compensation otherwise been paid directly to the Eligible Employee (but without regard to application of the Section 401(a)(17) Limitation). The Unrestricted Retirement Plan Benefit is determined without reduction for the Actual Retirement Plan Benefit. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent required under Section 4.3 of the Retirement Plan, an Eligible Employee s Unrestricted Retirement Plan Benefit shall reflect actuarial increases determined in accordance with the actuarial adjustment factors set forth for such purpose under the Retirement Plan. 
 For purposes hereof, an Eligible Employee s Actual Retirement Plan Benefit as of any Determination Date equals the vested monthly benefit that the individual has actually accrued as of such date under the provisions of the Retirement Plan, after taking into account all applicable limitations on contributions, benefits and compensation. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent 
 7 

required under Section 4.3 of the Retirement Plan, an Eligible Employee s Actual Retirement Plan Benefit shall reflect actuarial increases determined in accordance with the actuarial adjustment factors set forth for such purpose under the Retirement Plan. 
 An Eligible Employee s Unrestricted Retirement Plan Benefit and Actual Retirement Plan Benefit shall be determined after giving effect to the exclusion of Eligible Employees hired or rehired on or after January 1, 2016 from the Retirement Plan under Section 3.1 of the Retirement Plan, and to the election a Participant makes under Section 3.2 of the Retirement Plan (i.e., the election to receive a contribution to a Personal Investment Account under the Savings and Investment Plan, the final average pay benefit under the Retirement Plan or the personal pension account benefit under the Retirement Plan) for benefits accruing under the Retirement Plan on or after May 1, 2005 . 
 Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, a Participant s Nonqualified Retirement Plan Account shall be adjusted, pursuant to the terms of the Retirement Plan, to reflect participation, as applicable, in any voluntary early retirement program or such other similar program sponsored by the Company and or its Affiliates, subject to the following special rules for the 2023 Medtronic Voluntary Early Retirement Plan 2023 VERP an Eligible Employee who is a Highly Compensated Employee for the Plan Year ending April 30, 2023, as defined in the Retirement Plan, shall have their 2023 VERP adjustment credited entirely to this Plan and not to the Retirement Plan except for (i) Participants who were not eligible to commence distributions under the Retirement Plan as of their Separation from Service pursuant to the 2023 VERP and (ii) Participants whose benefit under this Plan was equal to the Retirement Plan Supplemental Benefit determined in accordance with the Plan as in effect on May 1, 2010 when calculated without regard to the 2023 VERP. 
 Section 4.2 Establishment of Nonqualified Retirement Plan Account . A Participant s Retirement Plan Supplemental Benefit shall be determined as of the first day of the month following the month in which the Participant has a Separation from Service, and the lump sum value of such Retirement Plan Supplemental Benefit shall be credited as of such date to a bookkeeping account established for the Participant on the books and records of the Company, referred to as the Nonqualified Retirement Plan Account. 
 In the event a Participant terminates employment as a result of death, the value of the benefits, if any, to be credited to his or her Nonqualified Retirement Account shall be based upon the lump sum actuarial equivalent value of the death benefits that would be paid under the Retirement Plan under the same assumptions as used under Section 4.1 hereof in determining the Participant s Unrestricted Retirement Plan Benefit (that is, without regard to the Section 415 Limitation and the Section 401(a)(l7) Limitation and without regard to any election the Participant may have made under the Capital Accumulation Plan to defer his or her compensation) less the lump sum actuarial equivalent value of death benefits actually payable with respect to such Participant under the Retirement Plan, if any, taking into account all applicable limitations on contributions, benefits and compensation. 
 Section 4.3 Interest Credited to Nonqualified Retirement Plan Account . All amounts credited to the Nonqualified Retirement Plan Account from time to time shall be credited with interest at a rate that is equal to the pre-retirement interest rate or rates used by the Retirement Plan during the period for which interest is to be so credited for purposes of determining actuarially equivalent benefits under the Retirement Plan. Interest as so determined shall be compounded monthly during the Plan Year. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 4.3 to the contrary, for Nonquali ed Retirement Plan Accounts that are established on or after May I, 2010, the rate for crediting interest pursuant to this Section 4.3 shall be the Interest Rate. 
 8 

Section 4.4 Payment of Nonqualified Retirement Plan Account . Payment to a Participant of his or her Nonqualified Retirement Plan Account shall commence as soon as administratively feasible on or after the first day of the seventh month following his or her Separation from Service. All distributions of the Nonqualified Retirement Account will be made in cash. If the value of the Participant s Nonqualified Retirement Account, determined as of the date on which such Account is established, is greater than 100,000, the Account principal together with interest based upon the applicable Interest Rate shall be paid to the Participant on a monthly basis over a 15-year period in 180 equal monthly installments. If the value of the Participant s Nonqualified Retirement Account, determined as of the date on which such Account is established, is 100,000 or less, the Account together with interest thereon shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum. 
 ARTICLE 5 ESOP SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFIT 
 Section 5.1 Nonqualified ESOP Account . The Company previously established an Account on behalf of each Participant entitled to an ESOP Supplemental Benefit (defined as a Defined Contribution Supplemental Benefit in the Predecessor Plan and commonly referred to as the ESOP restoration benefit now referred to as the Nonqualified ESOP Account. All contributions to the Nonqualified ESOP Account ceased effective April 30, 2005. A Participant s Nonqualified ESOP Account, if any, will continue to vest according to the terms of the Predecessor Plan. 
 Section 5.2 Gains Credited to Nonqualified ESOP Account . A Participant s ESOP Supplemental Benefit is expressed in the form of the right to receive Stock. Because of this, the Nonqualified ESOP Account is adjusted to reflect Stock splits, Stock dividends and recapitalizations in such manner as may be determined by the Committee. The Committee may also, in its discretion, adjust the Nonqualified ESOP Account to reflect dividends payable with respect to the Stock from time to time in such manner as it deems appropriate. 
 Section 5.3 Payment of Nonqualified ESOP Account . Payment to a Participant of his or her Nonqualified ESOP Account shall be made at the end of the Plan Year in which the Participant s Separation from Service occurs. Payment shall be made in Stock in the form of a lump sum. 
 ARTICLE 6 PERSONAL INVESTMENT ACCOUNT SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFIT 
 Section 6.1 Calculation of Personal Investment Account Supplemental Benefit . An Eligible Employee who, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Retirement Plan, elects to participate in the Personal Investment Account Benefit under the Savings and Investment Plan, shall be credited with a Personal Investment Account Supplemental Benefit as of the end of each Plan Year commencing May 1, 2005, in an amount equal to his or her Unrestricted Personal Investment Account Allocation, as defined below in this Section 6.1, for such year less his or her Actual Personal Investment Account Allocation, as defined below in this Section 6.1, for such year provided, however, that for the year in which the Participant has a Separation from Service, the Participant s Personal Investment Account Supplemental Benefit for such year shall be determined as of the end of the month in which the Separation from Service occurs. 
 An Eligible Employee s Unrestricted Personal Investment Account Allocation for a year equals the dollar amount that would have been allocated by the Company to his or her Personal Investment Account for the year, but without application of the Section 415 Limitation or the Section 40l(a)(l7) Limitation and based upon the compensation that would have been paid to the Eligible Employee during the year but for his or her election to defer his or her compensation 
 9 

under the Capital Accumulation Plan. For purposes hereof, compensation that is reduced pursuant to such an election shall be taken into account for the Plan Year during which such compensation would have been paid to the Eligible Employee but for such election and only to the extent that such compensation would otherwise be taken into account under the Savings and Investment Plan in calculating benefits thereunder had such compensation otherwise been paid directly to the Eligible Employee (but without regard to application of the Section 401(a)(l7) Limitation) . The Unrestricted Personal Investment Account Allocation is determined without reduction for the Actual Personal Investment Account Allocation. 
 An Eligible Employee s Actual Personal Investment Account Allocation for a year equals the dollar amount that the Company actually allocates as a contribution to the Eligible Employee s Personal Investment Account for such year. 
 Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, a Participant s Supplemental Personal Investment Account shall be adjusted, pursuant to the terms of the Savings and Investment Plan, to reflect participation, as applicable, in any voluntary early retirement program or such other similar program sponsored by the Company and or its Affiliates. 
 Section 6.2 Establishment of Nonqualified Personal Investment Account . The Personal Investment Account Supplemental Benefit to be credited to a Participant for a Plan Year under Section 6.1 shall be credited as of the last day of such year (except for the Plan Year in which a Participant has a Separation from Service, in which case it shall be credited as of the last day of the month in which the Separation from Service occurs) to an account established on the books and records of the Company, referred to as the Nonqualified Personal Investment Account. 
 Section 6.3 Crediting Gains and Losses to Nonqualified Personal Investment Account . The Committee shall designate the manner in which a Participant s Nonqualified Personal Investment Account is to be credited with gains and losses as described on Schedule A hereto, which Schedule may be amended from time to time in the Committee s discretion. If the Committee designates specific investment funds to serve as an index for crediting gains and losses to a Participant s Nonqualified Personal Investment Account (a) the Participant shall be entitled to designate which such fund or funds shall be used to measure gains and losses on his or her Nonqualified Personal Investment Account and to change such designation in accordance with rules established by the Committee (b) the Participant s Nonqualified Personal Investment Account will be credited with gains and losses as if invested in such fund or funds in accordance with the Participant s designation and the rules established by the Committee and (c) the Committee may, in its sole discretion, eliminate any investment fund or funds previously designated by it, substitute a new investment fund or funds therefore, or add investment fund or funds, at any time. If the Committee makes any such investment funds available for this purpose, the Company shall have no obligation to actually invest any amounts in any such investment funds. Unless the Committee adopts a different rule, investment designations may be changed, generally, on a business daily basis. 
 Section 6.4 Vested Interest in Nonqualified Personal Investment Account . A Participant s vested interest in his or her Nonqualified Personal Investment Account shall be determined in the same manner as the Participant s vested interest in his or her Personal Investment Account, and the Company may forfeit the non-vested portion of the Participant s Nonqualified Personal Investment Account under the same rules and subject to the same limitations as provided for the Personal Investment Account under the Savings and Investment Plan. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a Participant shall not earn a fully-vested interest in his or her Nonqualified Personal Investment Account as a result of the termination or partial termination of the Plan in those situations where the Participant is not otherwise fully vested in such Account. 
 10 

Section 6.5 Payment of Nonqualified Personal Investment Account . Payment to a Participant of his or her Nonqualified Personal Investment Account shall commence as soon as administratively feasible on or after the first day of the seventh month following his or her Separation from Service. All distributions of the Nonqualified Personal Investment Account will be paid in the form of cash. If the value of the Participant s Nonqualified Personal Investment Account, determined as soon as administratively feasible following the date on which the Participant s Separation from Service occurs, is greater than 100,000, the Account principal shall be paid to the Participant on a monthly basis over a fifteen-year period in 180 equal monthly installments. During the payout period, interest shall be credited on the declining balance based upon the applicable Interest Rate rather than pursuant to Section 6.3. If the value of the Participant s Nonqualified Personal Investment Account, determined as soon as administratively feasible following the date on which the Participant s Separation from Service occurs, is 100,000 or less, the Account shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum. 
 ARTICLE 7 MEDTRONIC CORE CONTRIBUTION ACCOUNT SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFIT 
 Section 7.1 Calculation of Medtronic Core Contribution Account Supplemental Benefit . An Eligible Employee who, pursuant to Section 5.4 of the Savings and Investment Plan, is eligible to receive Medtronic Core Contributions under that plan, shall be credited with a Medtronic Core Contribution Account Supplemental Benefit as of the end of each Plan Year that ends on or after April 30, 2016, in an amount equal to his or her Unrestricted Medtronic Core Contribution Account Allocation, as defined below in this Section 7.1, for such year less his or her Actual Medtronic Core Contribution Account Allocation, as defined below in this Section 7.1, for such year provided, however, that for the year in which the Participant has a Separation from Service, the Participant s Medtronic Core Contribution Account Supplemental Benefit for such year shall be determined as of the end of the month in which the Separation from Service occurs. 
 An Eligible Employee s Unrestricted Medtronic Core Contribution Account Allocation for a year equals the dollar amount that would have been allocated by the Company to his or her Medtronic Core Contribution Account for the year, but without application of the Section 415 Limitation or the Section 40l(a)(17) Limitation and based upon the compensation that would have been paid to the Eligible Employee during the year but for his or her election to defer his or her compensation under the Capital Accumulation Plan. For purposes hereof, compensation that is reduced pursuant to such an election shall be taken into account for the Plan Year during which such compensation would have been paid to the Eligible Employee but for such election and only to the extent that such compensation would otherwise be taken into account under the Savings and Investment Plan in calculating benefits thereunder had such compensation otherwise been paid directly to the Eligible Employee (but without regard to application of the Section 401(a)(17) Limitation). In addition, compensation for the Plan Year commencing May 1, 2015, shall be taken into account only from January 1, 2016, through April 30, 2016. The Unrestricted Medtronic Core Contribution Account Allocation is determined without reduction for the Actual Medtronic Core Contribution Account Allocation. 
 An Eligible Employee s Actual Medtronic Core Contribution Account Allocation for a year equals the dollar amount that the Company actually allocates as a contribution to the Eligible Employee s Medtronic Core Contribution Account for such year. 
 Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, a Participant s Supplemental Medtronic Core Contribution Account shall be adjusted, pursuant to the terms of the Savings and Investment Plan, to reflect participation, as applicable, in any voluntary early retirement program or such other similar program sponsored by the Company and or its Affiliates. 
 11 

Section 7.2 Establishment of Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account . The Medtronic Core Contribution Account Supplemental Benefit to be credited to a Participant for a Plan Year under Section 7.1 shall be credited as of the last day of such year (except for the Plan Year in which a Participant has a Separation from Service, in which case it shall be credited as of the last day of the month in which the Separation from Service occurs) to an account established on the books and records of the Company, referred to as the Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account. 
 Section 7.3 Crediting Gains and Losses to Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account . The Committee shall designate the manner in which a Participant s Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account is to be credited with gains and losses as described on Schedule A hereto, which Schedule may be amended from time to time in the Committee s discretion. If the Committee designates specific investment funds to serve as an index for crediting gains and losses to a Participant s Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account (a) the Participant shall be entitled to designate which such fund or funds shall be used to measure gains and losses on his or her Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account and to change such designation in accordance with rules established by the Committee (b) the Participant s Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account will be credited with gains and losses as if invested in such fund or funds in accordance with the Participant s designation and the rules established by the Committee and (c) the Committee may, in its sole discretion, eliminate any investment fund or funds previously designated by it, substitute a new investment fund or funds therefor, or add investment fund or funds, at any time. If the Committee makes any such investment funds available for this purpose, the Company shall have no obligation to actually invest any amounts in any such investment funds. Unless the Committee adopts a different rule, investment designations may be changed, generally, on a business daily basis. 
 Section 7.4 Vested Interest in Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account . A Participant s vested interest in his or her Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account shall be determined in the same manner as the Participant s vested interest in his or her Medtronic Core Contribution Account, and the Company may forfeit the non-vested portion of the Participant s Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account under the same rules and subject to the same limitations as provided for the Medtronic Core Contribution Account under the Savings and Investment Plan. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a Participant shall not earn a fully-vested interest in his or her Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account as a result of the termination or partial termination of the Plan in those situations where the Participant is not otherwise fully vested in such Account. 
 Section 7.5 Payment of Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account . Payment to a Participant of his or her Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account shall commence as soon as administratively practicable on or after the first day of the seventh month following his or her Separation from Service. All distributions of the Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account will be paid in the form of cash. If the value of the Participant s Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account, determined as soon as administratively feasible following the date on which the Participant s Separation from Service occurs, is greater than 100,000, the Account principal shall be paid to the Participant on a monthly basis over a fifteen-year period in 180 equal monthly installments. During the payout period, interest shall be credited on the declining balance based upon the applicable Interest Rate rather than pursuant to Section 7.3. If the value of the Participant s Nonqualified Medtronic Core Contribution Account, determined as soon as administratively feasible following the date on which the Participant s Separation from Service occurs, is 100,000 or less, the Account shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum. 
 12 

ARTICLE 8 ARTICLES. DEATH BENEFITS 
 Section 8.1 Form and Time of Payment . If a Participant dies before all amounts in an Account have been distributed to him or her (whether the Participant s death occurs before or after distributions have commenced to the Participant), the Account balance, to the extent then vested, shall be paid to the Participant s Beneficiary in a lump sum within 90 days after the Participant s death. Provided, however, to the extent permitted under Section 409A, such payment can be made on any date prior to December 31 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year the Participant s death occurs, the exact payment date to be determined by the Committee. The Committee may confer with the Participant s Beneficiary in determining the payment date, but retains the discretion to determine the payment date, except that, after an Event, the Participant s Beneficiary may, to the extent permitted under Section 409A, determine a reasonable payment date within the above-stated parameters, and the Committee shall honor such determination. 
 Section 8.2 Beneficiary 
 8.2.1 Designation of Beneficiary . Each Participant has the right to designate primary and contingent Beneficiaries for death benefits payable under the Plan. Such Beneficiaries may be individuals or trusts for the benefit of individuals. A Beneficiary designation by a Participant shall be in writing on a form acceptable to the Committee and shall only be effective upon delivery to the Company. A Beneficiary designation may be revoked by a Participant at any time by delivering to the Company either written notice of revocation or a new Beneficiary designation form . The Beneficiary designation form last delivered to the Company prior to the death of a Participant shall control. 
 8.2.2 Failure to Designate Beneficiary . In the event there is no Beneficiary designation on file with the Company at the Participant s death, or if all Beneficiaries designated by a Participant have predeceased the Participant, any benefits payable pursuant to this Article 8 will be paid to the Participant s surviving spouse, if living or if the Participant does not leave a surviving spouse, to the Participant s children, if any, in equal shares, except that if any of the children predecease the Participant but leave issue surviving the Participant, such issue shall take by right of representation, the share their parent would have taken if living for purposes of this provision, children shall not include stepchildren unless such stepchildren have been legally adopted by the Participant or, if there are no such surviving issue, to the Participant s estate. 
 ARTICLE 9 CHANGE IN CONTROL PROVISIONS 
 Section 9.1 Application of Article 9 . To the extent applicable, the provisions of this Article 9 relating to an Event of change in control of the Company shall control, notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan to the contrary, and shall supersede any other provisions of the Plan to the extent inconsistent with the provisions of this Article 9. 
 Section 9.2 Payments to and by the Trust . Pursuant to the terms of the Trust, the Company is required to make certain payments to the Trust if an Event occurs or if the Company determines that it is probable that an Event may occur. The obligation of the Company to make such payments shall be considered an obligation under the Plan provided, however, that such obligation shall at all times be and remain subject to the terms of the Trust as in effect from time to time . 
 13 

Section 9.3 Legal Fees and Expenses . The Company shall reimburse a Participant or his or her Beneficiary for all reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred by such Participant or Beneficiary after the date of an Event in seeking to obtain any right or benefit provided by the Plan provided however, that (a) any such reimbursement shall be made during a period not to exceed 20 years following the date of the Event (b) the amount eligible for reimbursement during a taxable year of the Participant or Beneficiary shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year (c) the reimbursement is made on or before the last day of the Participant s or Beneficiary s taxable year following the taxable year in which the legal fees and expenses are incurred and (d) the right to reimbursement is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 Section 9.4 Late Payment and Additional Payment Provisions . If after the date of an Event the Company delays a payment required to be made under the Plan past the final date that the payment was due to be made, the amount of each such delayed payment shall be credited with interest at the rate of five percent per year, compounded quarterly, from the date on which the distribution was required to be made under the terms of the Plan until the actual date of the distribution. In the event that this interest is to be credited for some period less than a full calendar quarter, the interest shall be determined and compounded for the fractional quarter. This interest represents a late payment penalty for the delay in payment and is intended to supplement any other interest or gains credited to a Participant s Account under the Plan. 
 Any benefit payments made by the Company after the date on which a benefit distribution was required to be made under the terms of the Plan shall be applied first against the first due of such benefit distributions (with application first against any applicable late payment penalty and next against the benefit amount itself) until fully paid, and next against the next due of such payments in the same manner, and so forth , for purposes of calculating the late payment penalties hereunder. 
 In the event that payment of benefits has commenced to a Participant or Beneficiary prior to the date of an Event, then the date on which distribution was required to be made under the terms of the Plan shall be determined with reference to the payment provision that was in effect prior to the date of the Event. No adjustment may be made to any payment form which was in effect prior to the date of an Event with respect to any Account which would have the effect of delaying payments otherwise to be made under the payment form or otherwise increasing the period of time over which payments are to be made. 
 Participants and their Beneficiaries shall be entitled to benefit payment under the Plan plus the late payment penalty referred to hereinabove first from the Trust and secondarily from the Company, as otherwise provided in Section 9.2. 
 ARTICLE 10 FUNDING 
 Section 10.1 Source of Benefits . All benefits under the Plan shall be paid when due by the Company out of its assets or from the Trust. 
 Section 10.2 No Claim on Specific Assets . No Participant shall be deemed to have, by virtue of being a Participant in the Plan, any claim on any specific assets of the Company such that the Participant would be subject to income taxation on his or her benefits under the Plan prior to distribution and the rights of Participants and Beneficiaries to benefits to which they are otherwise entitled under the Plan shall be those of an unsecured general creditor of the Company. 
 14 

ARTICLE 11 ADMINISTRATION 
 Section 11.1 Administration . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Company shall bear all administrative costs of the Plan other than those specifically charged to a Participant or Beneficiary. 
 Section 11.2 Powers of Committee . In addition to the other powers granted under the Plan, the Committee shall have all powers necessary to administer the Plan, including, without limitation, powers to 
 (a) interpret the provisions of the Plan 
 (b) establish and revise the method of accounting for the Plan and to maintain the Accounts and 
 (c) establish rules for the administration of the Plan and to prescribe any forms required to administer the Plan. 
 Section 11.3 Actions of the Committee . Except as modified by the Board, the Committee (including any person or entity to whom the Committee has delegated duties, responsibilities or authority, to the extent of such delegation) has total and complete discretionary authority to determine conclusively for all parties all questions arising in the administration of the Plan, to interpret and construe the terms of the Plan, and to determine all questions of eligibility and status of employees, Participants and Beneficiaries under the Plan and their respective interests. Subject to the claims procedures of Section 11.6, all determinations, interpretations, rules and decisions of the Committee (including those made or established by any person or entity to whom the Committee has delegated duties, responsibilities or authority, if made or established pursuant to such delegation) are conclusive and binding upon all persons having or claiming to have any interest or right under the Plan. 
 Section 11.4 Delegation . The Committee, or any officer designated by the Committee, shall have the power to delegate specific duties and responsibilities to officers or other employees of the Company or other individuals or entities. Any delegation may be rescinded by the Committee at any time. Each person or entity to whom a duty or responsibility has been delegated shall be responsible for the exercise of such duty or responsibility and shall not be responsible for any act or failure to act of any other person or entity. 
 Section 11.5 Reports and Records . The Committee, and those to whom the Committee has delegated duties under the Plan, shall keep records of all their proceedings and actions and shall maintain books of account, records, and other data as shall be necessary for the proper administration of the Plan and for compliance with applicable law. 
 Section 11.6 Claims Procedure . Except as otherwise provided in Section 11.7 with respect to disability claims for benefits, the Committee shall notify a Participant in writing within a reasonable period of time, not to exceed ninety (90) days, following the Plan s receipt of the Participant s written claim for benefits, of the Participant s eligibility or noneligibility (i) for benefits under the Plan or, (ii) if the claim is for different or greater benefits, for the benefits claimed by the Participant. If the Committee determines that a Participant is not eligible for benefits or for the benefits claimed, the notice shall set forth (a) the specific reasons for the adverse determination (b) a reference to the specific provisions of the Plan on which the determination is based (c) a description of any additional information or material necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why it is needed and (d) a description of the Plan s claims review procedure and the time limits applicable to such procedures, including a 
 15 

statement of the Participant s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of the ERISA, following an adverse benefit determination on review. If the Committee determines that there are special circumstances requiring additional time to make a decision, the Committee shall notify the Participant of the special circumstances and the date by which a decision is expected to be made, and may extend the time for up to an additional ninety (90) day period. 
 The Participant shall have the opportunity to have a full and fair review of the claim and the adverse benefit determination by the Committee. The Participant must exercise this opportunity by filing a petition for review with the Committee within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Participant of the notice issued by the Committee. Said petition may state the specific reasons the Participant believes the Participant is entitled to benefits or greater or different benefits and may be accompanied by written comments, document, records and other information relating to the claim for benefits. The Participant or the Participant s representative shall be permitted, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant to the claim for benefits. Whether information is relevant shall be determined by the Committee taking into account guidance from the Department of Labor. If a Participant does not appeal within the Plan s required time period, the Participant will lose the right to appeal and the Participant will have failed to exhaust the Plan s internal administrative appeal process. 
 Within a reasonable period of time , not to exceed sixty (60) days, following receipt by the Committee of said petition, the Committee shall review the petition, taking into account all comments, document, records and other information submitted by the Participant relating to the claim , without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination . If the Committee s determination is adverse to the Participant, the Committee shall notify the Participant of its decision in writing, setting forth (a) the specific reasons for the adverse determination (b) a reference to the specific provisions of the Plan on which the determination is based (c) a statement that the Participant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant to the claim for benefits and (d) a statement of the Participant s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. If the sixty (60) day period is not sufficient, the Committee shall not i fy the Participant of the special circumstances that cause sixty (60) days to be insufficient and the date by which a decision is expected to be made, and may extend the time for up to an additional sixty (60) day period . 
 In the event of the death of a Participant, the same procedure shall be applicable to the Participant s Beneficiaries. 
 Section 11.7 Disability Benefit Claims . For claims for benefits under the Plan where the disability of the Participant is in dispute, special claim rules apply. In the case of a disability benefit claim, the time periods for filing and appealing a claim set out in this Section 11.7 apply instead of the time periods under the general claims procedure described in Section 11 . 6. There are also additional rules that apply, such as information that must be provided in certain cases when a disability benefit claim is denied. Where there is not an additional rule or a substitute rule that applies , the general claims procedure described in Section 11.6 applies . 
 (a) The Committee will notify the Participant of its determination regarding the availability of benefits within a reasonable period of time, but not later than forty-five (45) days after receipt of the claim by the Plan . This period may be extended by the Plan for up to thirty (30) days, provided that the Committee both determines that such an extension is necessary due to matters beyond the control of the Plan and notifies the Participant, prior to the expiration of the initial forty-five (45) day period, of the circumstances requiring the extension of time and the date by which the Plan expects to render a decision. If, 
 16 

prior to the end of the first thirty (30) day extension period, the Committee determines that, due to matters beyond the control of the Plan, a decision cannot be rendered within that extension period, the period for making the determination may be extended for up to an additional thirty (30) days, provided that the Committee notifies the Participant , prior to the expiration of the first thirty (30) day extension period, of the circumstances requiring the extension and the date as of which the Plan expects to render a decision. In the case of any such extension, the notice of extension shall specifically explain the standards on which entitlement to a benefit is based, the unresolved issues that prevent a decision on the claim, and the additional information needed to resolve those issues, and the Participant shall be afforded at least forty-five (45) days within which to provide the specified information. 
 (b) If a claim is denied, a Participant has one hundred eighty (180) days following receipt of the denial within which to appeal the determination. The Participant s appeal will be reviewed in a manner that does not afford deference to the initial adverse benefit determination and that is conducted by an appropriate arbiter who is neither the individual who made the adverse benefit determination that is the subject of the appeal, nor a subordinate of such individual. In deciding an appeal of any adverse benefit determination that is based in whole or in part on a medical judgment, the arbiter will consult with a health care professional who has appropriate training and experience in the field of medicine involved in the medical judgment. Such professional may not be an individual who was consulted in connection with the adverse benefit determination that is the subject of the appeal nor a subordinate of such individual. If the Participant requests, the Plan will furnish the Participant with the identity of any medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Plan in connection with a Participant s benefit denial (without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the benefit determination). 
 (c) The Committee will notify a Participant of the Plan s benefit determination on appeal within a reasonable period of time, but not later than forty-five (45) days after receipt of the Participant s request for review by the Plan, unless the Committee determines that special circumstances (such as the need to hold a hearing) require an extension of time for processing the claim. If the Committee determines that an extension of time for processing is required, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the Participant prior to the termination of the initial forty-five (45) day period. In no event will such extension exceed a period of forty-five (45) days from the end of the initial period. The extension notice will indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Plan expects to render the determination on appeal. 
 (d) The period of time within which an initial benefit determination or benefit determination following an appeal is required to be made will begin at the time the claim or appeal is filed in accordance with the procedures of the Plan, without regard to whether all the information necessary to make a determination accompanies the filing. In the event that a period of time is extended as permitted in Section 11.7(a) or (c) due to a Participant s failure to submit information necessary to decide a claim, the period for making the determination will be tolled from the date on which the notification of the extension is sent to the Participant until the date on which the Participant responds to the request for additional information. 
 17 

(e) Effective for disability claims filed on or after January 1, 2018, but only to the extent that applicable claims regulations so require, the Committee can issue an adverse benefit determination on review only if the Committee has provided the Participant, free of charge, with any new or additional evidence considered, relied upon, or generated by or at the direction of the Plan or such person making the benefit determination in connection with the claim. Such evidence must be provided as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided to give the Participant a reasonable opportunity to respond before that date. Likewise, effective for disability claims filed on or after January 1, 2018, but only to the extent that applicable claims regulations so require, before the Committee can issue an adverse determination on review based on a new or additional rationale, the Committee must provide the Participant, free of charge, with the rationale. The rationale must be provided as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided to give the Participant a reasonable opportunity to respond before that date. 
 (f) In the case of any benefit denial, including denial after appeal, if an internal rule, guideline, protocol, or other similar criterion was relied upon in denying the benefit, the Participant will be furnished with either (1) the specific rule, guideline, protocol, or other similar criterion or (2) a statement that such rule, guideline, protocol, or other similar criterion was relied upon in making the denial and that a copy of the rule, guideline, protocol, or other similar criterion will be provided free of charge to the Participant upon request. 
 (g) These special rules for disability claims described in this Section 11.7 apply only if the Plan or someone acting on behalf of the Plan must make the disability determination. They apply to a Participant s Beneficiaries if the Participant dies, and the Plan is nevertheless required to make a disability determination. They do not apply if the Plan pays a benefit based on a disability determination made by someone else for purposes of another benefit plan or program . For example, if the Plan pays a disability benefit only to Participants who are determined to be disabled by Social Security or who are determined to be disabled by an insurer under the employer s disability insurance policy, these special rules do not apply. Instead, the rules for other claims, described in Section 11.6, apply. 
 Section 11.8 Additional Claims Procedure Requirements . The following provisions apply to all claims under the Plan. 
 (a) The Plan shall comply with applicable Department of Labor regulations regarding the manner in which claims shall be processed. 
 (b) To be considered timely under the Plan s claims procedures, a claim must be filed under Section 11.6 or 11 . 7 within one year after the claimant knew or reasonably should have known of the principal facts upon which the claim is based . Knowledge of all facts that the Participant knew or reasonably should have known shall be imputed to every claimant who is or claims to be a Beneficiary of the Participant or otherwise claims to derive an entitlement by reference to the Participant for the purpose of applying the previously specified periods. 
 18 

(c) The exhaustion of the claims procedures is mandatory for resolving every claim and dispute arising under this Plan. As to such claims and disputes (i) no claimant shall be permitted to commence any legal action to recover Plan benefits or to enforce or clarify rights under the Plan under Section 502 or Section 510 of ERISA or under any other provision of law, whether or not statutory, until the claims procedures have been exhausted in their entirety and (ii) in any such legal action all explicit and all implicit determinations by the Committee and any other person or entity (including, but not limited to, determinations as to whether the claim, or a request for a review of a denied claim, was timely filed) shall be afforded the maximum deference permitted by law. 
 (d) No legal action to recover Plan benefits or to enforce or clarify rights under the Plan under Section 502 or Section 510 of ERISA or under any other provision of law, whether or not statutory, may be brought by any claimant on any matter pertaining to this Plan unless the legal action is commenced in the proper forum before the earlier of (i) 30 months after the claimant knew or reasonably should have known of the principal facts on which the claim is based, or (ii) 12 months after the claimant has exhausted the claims procedure under this Plan. Knowledge of all facts that the Participant knew or reasonably should have known shall be imputed to every claimant who is or claims to be a Beneficiary of the Participant or otherwise claims to derive an entitlement by reference to the Participant for the purpose of applying the previously specified periods . 
 (e) The exclusive venue for any legal action arising out of or relating to this Plan, including, but not limited to, actions under Section 502 or 510 of ERISA, is a state or federal court in Hennepin County, Minnesota . 
 (f) The Committee and all persons determining or reviewing claims have full discretion to determine benefit claims under the Plan. Any interpretation, determination or other action of such persons will be overturned only if it is arbitrary or capricious or otherwise an abuse of discretion. Any review of a final decision or action of the persons reviewing a claim shall be based only on such evidence presented to or considered by such persons at the time they made the decision that is the subject of review. 
 ARTICLE 12 AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION 
 Section 12.1 Amendments . The Company, by action of the Compensation Committee of the Board, or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or the Senior Vice President of Human Resources, to the extent authorized by the Compensation Committee of the Board, may amend the Plan, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time. Any such amendment shall be filed with the Plan documents. No amendment, however, may be effective to reduce the vested amounts credited to a Participant s Account (or that would be so credited with respect to a Participant who is actively employed immediately prior to the date of amendment had the Participant had a Separation from Service and had his or her Account been established immediately prior to such date), as determined immediately prior to such amendment , except that the Company may change the investment funds or funds that it may make available for crediting gains and losses pursuant to Section 6 . 3 or Section 7.3 at any time in its discretion. 
 Section 12.2 Termination . The Company reserves the right to terminate the Plan at any time by action of the Compensation Committee of the Board. Upon termination of the Plan, all accruals and contributions shall immediately cease. Termination of the Plan shall not be effective 
 19 

to reduce the vested amounts credited to a Participant s Account (or that would be so credited with respect to a Participant who is actively employed immediately prior to the date of such termination had the Participant had a Separation from Service and had his or her Account been established immediately prior to such date). If the Plan is terminated, payments from the Accounts of all Participants and Beneficiaries shall be made at the time and in the manner otherwise specified in the Plan, except as otherwise determined by the Company at the time of termination, subject to Article 9 and the requirements of Section 409A. 
 ARTICLE 13 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 13.1 No Guarantee of Employment . Neither the adoption nor the maintenance of the Plan shall be deemed to be a contract of employment between any Affiliate and any Participant. Nothing contained herein shall give any Participant the right to be retained in the employ of an Affiliate or to perform services for an Affiliate, or to interfere with the right of an Affiliate to discharge any Participant at any time nor shall it give an Affiliate the right to require any Participant to remain in its employ or to perform services for it or to interfere with the Participant s right to terminate his or her employment or performance of services at any time. 
 Section 13.2 Release . Any payment of benefits to or for the benefit of a Participant or a Participant s Beneficiary that is made in good faith by the Company in accordance with the Company s interpretation of its obligations under the Plan shall be in full satisfaction of all claims against the Company for benefits under the Plan to the extent of such payment. 
 Section 13.3 Notices . Any notice permitted or required under the Plan shall be in writing and shall be hand-delivered or sent, postage prepaid, by first class mail, or by certified or registered mail with return receipt requested, to the principal office of the Company, if to the Company, or to the address last shown on the records of the Company, if to a Participant or Beneficiary. Any such notice shall be effective as of the date of hand-delivery or mailing. 
 Section 13.4 Nonalienation . No benefit payable at any time under the Plan shall be subject in any manner to alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, levy, attachment, or encumbrance of any kind by any Participant or Beneficiary, except with respect to a Domestic Relations Order. 
 Section 13.5 Withholding . The Company may withhold from any payment of benefits or other compensation payable to a Participant or Beneficiary, or the Company may direct the trustee of the Trust to withhold from any payment of benefits to a Participant or Beneficiary, such amounts as the Company determines are reasonably necessary to pay any taxes or other amounts required to be withheld under applicable law. 
 Section 13.6 Captions . Article and section headings and captions are provided for purposes of reference and convenience only and shall not be relied upon in any way to construe, define, modify, limit, or extend the scope of any provision of the Plan . 
 Section 13.7 Applicable Law . The Plan and all rights hereunder shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Minnesota, except to the extent such laws are preempted by the laws of the United States of America . 
 Section 13.8 Invalidity of Certain Provisions . If any provision of the Plan is held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of the Plan and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such provision had not been included. The Plan is intended to comply in form and operation with Section 409A, and shall be construed accordingly. 
 20 

Section 13.9 No Other Agreements . The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire understanding of the Company and the Participants with respect to the matters addressed herein. 
 Section 13.10 Incapacity . In the event that any Participant is unable to care for his or her affairs because of illness or accident, any payment due may be paid to the Participant s spouse, parent, adult child, brother, sister or other person deemed by the Committee to have incurred expenses for the care of such Participant, unless a duly qualified guardian or other legal representative has been appointed. 
 Section 13.11 Electronic Media . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, but subject to any applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code, or other law, any action or communication otherwise required to be taken or made in writing by a Participant or Beneficiary or by the Company or Committee shall be effective if accomplished by another method or methods required or made available by the Company or Committee, or their agent, with respect to that action or communication, including e-mail, telephone response systems, intranet systems, or the Internet. 
 Section 13.12 Delay of Distributions Upon Certain Events 
 
 Delay in Distributions 
 (a) Except as set forth in Section 13.13, if a Participant is a Specified Employee as of the date of his or her Separation from Service, any distributions that under the terms of the Plan are to commence to the Participant on his or her Separation from Service separation distributions shall commence on the Participant s delayed distribution date (as defined below). In this case, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine (i) whether the first separation distribution to the Participant shall include the aggregate amount of any separation distributions that, but for this paragraph (a), would have been paid to the Participant from the date of his or her Separation from Service until the delayed distribution date, or (ii) whether each separation distribution shall be delayed for six months. The Company s discretion must be exercised without any direct or indirect election by the Participant as to whether payment method (i) or (ii) in the foregoing sentence shall be selected. For purposes of this paragraph (a), a Specified Employee s delayed distribution date is the first day of the seventh month following the Participant s Separation from Service, or if earlier, the date of the Participant s death. 
 (b) A payment under the Plan may be delayed by the Company under any of the following circumstances so long as all payments to similarly situated Participants are treated on a reasonably consistent basis 
 (i) The Company reasonably anticipates that if such payment were made as scheduled, the Company s deduction with respect to such payment would not be permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code, provided that the payment is made either during the first calendar year in which the Company reasonably anticipates, or should reasonably anticipate, that if the payment is made during such year, the deduction of such payment will not be barred by application of Section 162(m) or during the period beginning with the date of the Participant s Separation from Service and ending on the later of the last day of the Company s fiscal year in which the Participant has a Separation from Service or the 15th day of the third month following the Separation from Service. 
 21 

(ii) The Company reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will violate Federal securities laws or other applicable law, provided that the payment is made at the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will not cause such violation. 
 (iii) Upon such other events as determined by the Company and according to such terms as are consistent with Section 409A or are prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. 
 Section 13.13 Acceleration of Distributions Upon Certain Events . The Company may, in its discretion, distribute all or a portion of a Participant s Accounts at an earlier time and in a different form than otherwise specified in the Plan under the circumstances described below 
 (a) As may be necessary to fulfill a Domestic Relations Order. Distributions pursuant to a Domestic Relations Order shall be made according to administrative procedures established by the Company provided, however, that the ESOP Supplemental Benefit shall not be eligible for assignment pursuant to a Domestic Relations Order. 
 (b) To the extent reasonably necessary to avoid the violation of ethics laws or conflict of interest laws to the extent permitted under Section 409A. 
 (c) To pay FICA on amounts deferred under the Plan and the income tax resulting from such payment. 
 (d) To pay the amount required to be included in income as a result of the Plan s failure to comply with Section 409A. 
 (e) If the Company determines, in its discretion, that it is advisable to liquidate the Plan in connection with a termination of the Plan pursuant to Section 12.2, subject to Article 9 and the requirements of Section 409A. 
 (f) As satisfaction of a debt of the Participant to an Affiliate, where such debt is incurred in the ordinary course of the service relationship between the Affiliate and the Participant, the entire amount of the reduction in any calendar year does not exceed 5,000, and the reduction is made at the same time and in the same amount as the debt otherwise would have been due and collected from the Participant. 
 (g) As satisfaction of a debt to the extent reasonably necessary to comply with federal law regarding debt collection, but only to the extent permissible under Section 409A. 
 (h) To pay state, local or foreign tax obligations that may arise with respect to amounts deferred under the Plan and the income tax resulting from such payment. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 13.13 to the contrary, the Company shall not provide the Participant with discretion or a direct or indirect election regarding whether a payment is accelerated pursuant to this Section 13.13. 
 Section 13.14 Small Account Balances . If at any time the present value of any benefit under the Plan that would be considered a single plan under Treasury Regulation Section 
 22 

1.409A-l(c)(2), together with the present value of any benefit required to be aggregated with such benefit under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-l(c)(2), is less than the dollar limit set forth in Section 402(g) of the Code, the Company may, in its discretion, distribute such benefit (or benefits) to the Participant in the form of a lump sum, provided that the payment results in the liquidation of the entirety of the Participant s interest under the single plan, including all benefits required to be aggregated as part of the single plan under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(c)(2). 
 Section 13.15 When a Plan Payment is Deemed to be Made . Any payment that is due to be distributed as of a particular date pursuant to the provisions of the Plan, will be deemed to be distributed as of that date if it is distributed on such date or a later date within the same calendar year, or, if later, by the 15th day of the third calendar month following the date, and the Participant is not permitted, directly or indirectly, to designate the calendar year of payment. Further, a payment will be treated as made on a date if it is made no earlier than 30 days before the date, and the Participant is not permitted, directly or indirectly, to designate the calendar year of payment. For purposes of the foregoing, if the payment is required to be made during a period of time, the specified date is treated as the first day of the period of time. 
 Section 13.16 Restricted Period . During any Restricted Period, no assets shall be set aside, transferred, or otherwise restricted in a way that would result in such assets being treated, for the purposes of Section 83 of the Code, as property transferred in connection with the performance of services by reason of Section 409A(b)(3) of the Code with respect to an Applicable Covered Employee. 
 For purposes of this Section, Restricted Period means 
 (a) any period during which any defined benefit plan to which Section 412(a of the Code applies Defined Benefit Plan of an Affiliate is in at-risk status, as defined in Section 430(i) of the Code 
 (b) any period the Company is a debtor in a case under title 11, United States Code, or similar federal or state law and 
 (c) the 12-month period beginning on the date which is six months before the termination date of a Defined Benefit Plan if, as of the termination date, the Defined Benefit Plan is not sufficient for benefit liabilities, within the meaning of Section 4041 of ERISA. 
 For purposes of this Section, Applicable Covered Employee means any 
 (d) covered employee of an Affiliate and 
 (e) former employee who was covered at the time of termination of employment w i th an Affiliate. 
 For purposes of this Section, Covered Employee means an individual who is 
 (f) an individual described in Section 162(a)(3) of the Code or 
 (g) subject to the requirements of Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 23 

SCHEDULE A 
 Manner of Crediting Gains and Losses to Personal Investment Account and Medtronic Core Contribution Account Pursuant to Sections 6 . 3 and 7.3, respectively 
 The Personal Investment Accounts and Medtronic Core Contribution Accounts of Participants shall be credited with gains and losses as if invested in one or more of the investments funds available under the Medtronic Savings and Investment Plan and as communicated to the Participants from time to time, in the proportions designated by the Participant on an investment election form submitted to the Company by the Participant. The investment election form shall be submitted to the Company in the form and manner specified by the Committee, which may be electronically pursuant to Section 13.11. Until and unless changed by the Committee, Participants shall be permitted to change investment elections, generally, on a business daily basis. 
 
 24 

SCHEDULE B Special Benefits 
 This Schedule B describes special benefits for certain participants. 
 I. Special Benefit for Geoffrey S. Martha . Subject to the terms of this Schedule 8.1, the Company will pay to Geoffrey S. Martha Mr. Martha the following amount as a Plan benefit, in addition to the benefit otherwise payable to him under the Plan 
 The lump sum present value of the amount that Mr. Martha would have received under the GE Pension Plan as of the date of his Separation from Service with the Company, less the sum of (a) the value of Mr. Martha s vested Personal Investment Account as of this date (b) the lump sum present value of the vested benefit that Mr. Martha is entitled to receive under the Plan (other than provided under this Schedule 8.1) as of this date and (c) the lump sum present value of the benefit that Mr. Martha is actually entitled to receive under the GE Pension Plan as of this date. 
 The lump sum present value of the GE Pension Plan benefit as of the Date of Separation from Service with the Company will be determined based on the following assumptions 
 (1) Mr. Martha remained employed with the GE Company GE on a full-time basis and continued to accrue benefits under the GE Pension Plan until his Separation from Service with the Company 
 (2) No benefit related to or derived from employee contributions, e.g., Personal Pension Account or Voluntary Pension Account under the GE Pension Plan, is included in determining the value 
 (3) Mr. Martha s salary with GE increased at the rate of 3 per year starting with the date of his employment with the Company and ending with the date of his Separation from Service with the Company and 
 (4) The actuarial assumptions applicable to the Retirement Plan (rather than the GE Pension Plan) as of Mr. Martha s Separation from Service apply. 
 For purposes hereof, the GE Pension Plan means the qualified GE Pension Plan as in effect on the date that Mr. Martha first becomes employed by the Company (and assuming that the terms of such plan do not change thereafter). 
 Mr. Martha s Plan benefit under this Schedule B.I will vest in, and be paid to him (or his Beneficiary) at the same time and in the same manner as his Plan benefit (other than the benefit provided under this Schedule B.I). 
 II. Special Benefit for Hooman Hakami. Subject to the terms of this Schedule B.II, the Company will pay to Hooman Hakami Mr. Hakami the following amount as a Plan benefit in addition to the benefit otherwise payable to him under the Plan 
 The lump sum present value of the amount that Mr. Hakami would have received under the GE Pension Plan as of the date of his Separation from Service, less the sum of (a) the value of Mr. Hakami s vested Personal Investment Account under the Savings and Investment Plan as of the date of Mr. Hakami s Separation from Service (b) the lump sum present value of the vested benefit that Mr. Hakami is entitled to receive under the Plan (other than the benefit provided under this Schedule B.II) as of the date of Mr. 
 25 

Hakami s Separation from Service and (c) the lump sum present value of the benefit that Mr. Hakami is entitled to receive under the GE Pension Plan as of the date of Mr. Hakami s Separation from Service. 
 The lump sum present value of the GE Pension Plan benefit as of the date of Mr. Hakami s Separation from Service will be determined based on the following assumptions 
 (1) Mr. Hakami remained employed with the GE Company GE on a full-time basis and continued to accrue benefits under the GE Pension Plan until the date of Mr. Hakami s Separation from Service 
 (2) No benefit related to or derived from employee contributions, e.g., Personal Pension Account or Voluntary Pension Account under the GE Pension Plan, is included in determining the value 
 (3) Mr. Hakami s salary with GE increased at the rate of three percent (3 per year starting with the date of his employment with the Company and ending with the date of his Separation from Service and 
 (4) The actuarial assumptions applicable to the Retirement Plan (rather than the GE Pension Plan) as of Mr. Hakami s Separation from Service apply. 
 For purposes hereof, the GE Pension Plan means the qualified GE Pension Plan as in effect on the date that Mr. Hakami first becomes employed by the Company (and assuming that the terms of such plan do not change thereafter). 
 Mr. Hakami s Plan benefit under this Schedule B.II will vest in, and be paid to him (or his Beneficiary) at the same time and in the same manner as Mr. Hakami s Personal Investment Account Supplemental Benefit under the Plan, and the benefit provided under this Schedule B.II shall be added to that Account for purposes of calculation and payment of the combined Schedule B.II benefit and Personal Investment Account Supplemental Benefit. 
 26 

</EX-10.86>

<EX-21>
 5
 mdt-202310kxex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 Medtronic plc and Subsidiaries 
 At April 28, 2023 

Company Jurisdiction of Formation 2074417 Alberta ULC Canada A&E Products de Honduras S.A. Honduras A&E Products do Brasil Ltda. Brazil A&E Products Group, Inc. Delaware Advanced Medical Technologies GmbH Germany Affera, Inc. Delaware AI Biomed Corp California Aircraft Medical Ltd. United Kingdom Airox France Airox, Inc. Delaware Arterial Vascular Engineering Canada, Company Canada Arterial Vascular Engineering UK Limited United Kingdom Auto Suture do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Avenu Medical, Inc. Delaware Batts LLC Delaware Batts, Inc. Delaware Beacon Endoscopic LLC Delaware Between Investeringsgroep B.V. Netherlands Biostar Biomedikal M hendislik Anonim Sirketi Turkey Bo Yao (Shanghai) Medical Device Co. Ltd. China CardioInsight Technologies Inc. Delaware Carlisle Philippines, Inc. Philippines Carmel Biosensors Ltd. Israel CCI Istanbul Teknolojik Hizmetler Limited Sirketi Turkey Changzhou Kangdi Medical Stapler Co., Ltd. China Changzhou Kanghui Medical Innovation Co., Ltd. China CircuLite, Inc. Delaware Comercial Kendall (Chile) Limitada Chile Companion Medical, Inc. Delaware Covidien (China) Medical Devices Technology Co., Ltd. China Covidien (Shanghai) Management Consulting Co., Ltd. China Covidien Adhesives Italia Srl Italy Covidien AG Switzerland Covidien Argentina S.A. Argentina Covidien Canada Holdings LLC Delaware Covidien Caribbean, Inc. Delaware Covidien Delaware VI Corp. Delaware Covidien Deutschland GmbH Germany Covidien Eurasia LLC Russia Covidien France Holdings, Inc. Connecticut Covidien Group Holdings Limited Bermuda Covidien Group S. .r.l. Luxembourg Covidien Healthcare International Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China 

Covidien Holding Inc. Delaware Covidien Holdings International Corporation Delaware Covidien Holdings S. .r.l. Luxembourg Covidien International (US) Holdings A, LLC Delaware Covidien International Finance S.A. Luxembourg Covidien International S. .r.l. Luxembourg Covidien Israel Holdings Ltd Israel Covidien Israel Investments Ltd Israel Covidien Israel Surgical Research Ltd Israel Covidien Japan, Inc. Japan Covidien llc Delaware Covidien LP Delaware Covidien Manufacturing Grenoble France Covidien Medical Products (Shanghai) Manufacturing L.L.C. China Covidien Peru S.A. Peru Covidien Philippines, Inc. Philippines Covidien Private Limited Singapore Covidien Pty Limited Australia Covidien Sales LLC Delaware Covidien Services Europe Limited Ireland Covidien Swiss Holding GmbH Switzerland Covidien UK Holding Ltd United Kingdom Covidien Unlimited Company Ireland Covidien Uruguay S.A. Uruguay Covidien US Holdings, Inc. Delaware Covidien Ventures Ltd. Bermuda Davis & Geck Caribe Limited Cayman Islands Diabeter Nederland B.V. Netherlands Digital Surgery Limited United Kingdom Epix Therapeutics, Inc. Delaware Ev3, Inc. Delaware First Lafayette Holdings LLC Delaware Floreane Medical Implants France GC Holdings, Inc. Delaware Georgia Packaging, LLC Delaware Given Imaging (Los Angeles) LLC California Given Imaging, Inc. Delaware Given Imaging B.V. Netherlands Given Imaging Ltd. Israel Given Imaging Vietnam Co., Ltd. Vietnam Graphic Controls (Barbados), Ltd. Barbados HeartWare, Inc. Delaware HeartWare International LLC Delaware HET Systems, LLC Delaware IHS Argentina SA Argentina IHS Health Services Egypt LLC Egypt IHS Health Services Lebanon Sarl Lebanon IHS Health Services Pakistan (Private) Limited Pakistan IHS LLC Russia IHS Managed Services SAS Colombia IHS Saglik Hizmetleri Ltd STI Turkey 

India Medtronic Private Limited India Integrated Health Solutions Chile S.A. Chile Integrated Health Solutions International S rl Switzerland Intersect ENT, Inc. Delaware Invatec S.p.A. Italy Invatec Technology Center GmbH Switzerland Kendall de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Kendall de Venezuela, C.A. Venezuela Kendall Innovadores en Cuidados al Paciente S.A. Costa Rica Kendall S.A. Panama KLHC, Inc. Delaware Klue, Inc. Delaware KMS Colon, Panama, S.A. Panama KMS Montevideo, Uruguay, S.A. Uruguay Kyphon South Africa (Proprietary) Ltd. South Africa Life Design Systems, Inc. Wisconsin M-Smart Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China Makani II Unlimited Company Ireland Mallinckrodt DAR Srl Italy Mallinckrodt Holdings, LLC Delaware Mallinckrodt Holdings B.V. Netherlands Mallinckrodt Medical Unlimited Company Ireland Mallinckrodt US LLC Delaware Marblehead Medical LLC Minnesota Mazor Robotics Ltd. Israel MDT Hung ria Kereskedelmi Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g Hungary MDT Turkey Finansal Dan manl k Limited irketi Turkey Medical Education Y. K. Japan Medical Medtronic Nigeria Limited Nigeria Medicrea Australia Pty Ltd. Australia Medicrea International France Medicrea USA, Corp Delaware Medina Medical, Inc. Delaware Medina Medical LLC Delaware Medinse S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Medtronic Sequoia (Cayman) Innovation Investment Management Partners, Ltd Cayman Islands Medtronic (Africa) (Proprietary) Limited South Africa Medtronic (Changzhou) Medical Devices Technology Co., Ltd. China Medtronic (Chengdu) Management Consulting Co., Ltd. China Medtronic (Schweiz) A.G. (Medtronic (Suisse) S.A.) Switzerland Medtronic (Shanghai) Ltd. China Medtronic (Shanghai) Management Co. Ltd. China Medtronic (Taiwan) Ltd. Taiwan Medtronic (Thailand) Limited Thailand Medtronic Ablation Frontiers LLC Delaware Medtronic Adriatic d.o.o. Croatia Medtronic Advanced Energy LLC Delaware Medtronic Advanced Energy Luxembourg S. .r.l. Luxembourg Medtronic AF Luxembourg S. r.l. Luxembourg Medtronic AG Switzerland Medtronic Aktiebolag Sweden 

Medtronic Arabia Regional Headquarter Saudi Arabia Medtronic Ardian LLC Delaware Medtronic Ardian Luxembourg S. .r.l. Luxembourg Medtronic ATS Medical, Inc. Minnesota Medtronic Australasia Pty Ltd Australia Medtronic B.V. Netherlands Medtronic Bakken Research Center B.V. Netherlands Medtronic Bangladesh Pvt. Ltd. Bangladesh Medtronic Belgium S.A. N.V. Belgium Medtronic BioPharma B.V. Netherlands Medtronic BioPharma S rl Switzerland Medtronic Bulgaria EOOD Bulgaria Medtronic Canada ULC Canada Medtronic Care Management Services, LLC Minnesota Medtronic Cash Pool LLC Massachusetts Medtronic Changzhou Medical Device Co., Ltd. China Medtronic China Kanghui Holdings Cayman Islands Medtronic China Venture Fund (Cayman), L.P. Cayman Islands Medtronic China, LLC. Minnesota Medtronic Colombia S.A. Colombia Medtronic Comercial Ltda. Brazil Medtronic CoreValve LLC Delaware Medtronic CryoCath LP Canada Medtronic CV Luxembourg S. .r.l. Luxembourg Medtronic Czechia s.r.o. Czech Republic Medtronic Danmark A S Denmark Medtronic Diabetes (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. China Medtronic do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Medtronic Dominican Republic S.A.S. Dominican Republic Medtronic Dominicana (Manufactura), S.A. Dominican Republic Medtronic Egypt LLC Egypt Medtronic Empalme S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Medtronic Engineering and Innovation Center Private Limited India Medtronic Europe Limited Malta Medtronic Europe S rl Switzerland Medtronic Fabrication France Medtronic Finance Holdings ULC Cayman Islands Medtronic Finance Hungary Kft. Hungary Medtronic Finland Oy Finland Medtronic France France Medtronic GmbH Germany Medtronic Global Holdings GP S. r.l. Luxembourg Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A. Luxembourg Medtronic Group Holding, Inc. Minnesota Medtronic Hellas Medical Device Commercial Single Member S.A. Greece Medtronic Holding, Inc. Minnesota Medtronic Holding B.V. Netherlands Medtronic Holding Company S rl Switzerland Medtronic Holding Hungary Kft. Hungary Medtronic Holding Switzerland G.m.b.H. Switzerland Medtronic Holdings France France 

Medtronic Holdings S rl Luxembourg Medtronic Hong Kong Medical Limited Hong Kong Medtronic Hungaria Kereskedelmi Kft Hungary Medtronic Ib rica S.A. Spain Medtronic Innovation Center (Israel) Ltd Israel Medtronic Integrated Health Solutions LLC Minnesota Medtronic International, Ltd. Delaware Medtronic International Holding LLC Minnesota Medtronic International Investment LLC Minnesota Medtronic International Technology, Inc. Minnesota Medtronic International Trading, Inc. Minnesota Medtronic International Trading Holding LLC Delaware Medtronic International Trading Pte. Ltd. Singapore Medtronic International Trading S rl Switzerland Medtronic Interventional Vascular, Inc. Massachusetts Medtronic Invatec LLC Delaware Medtronic IP Holding International Luxembourg S. .r.l. Luxembourg Medtronic Ireland Limited Ireland Medtronic Ireland Manufacturing Unlimited Company Ireland Medtronic Italia S.p.A. Italy Medtronic Japan Co., Ltd. Japan Medtronic Jolife LLC Delaware Medtronic Kazakhstan Limited Liability Partnership Kazakhstan Medtronic KL Holdings LLC Minnesota Medtronic Korea Ltd. South Korea Medtronic Labs PBC Delaware Medtronic Latin America, Inc. Minnesota Medtronic Limited United Kingdom Medtronic LLC Russia Medtronic Logistics LLC Minnesota Medtronic Luxembourg Global Holdings S. r.l. Luxembourg Medtronic Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Medtronic Medical CR S de RL Costa Rica Medtronic Medikal Teknoloji Ticaret Limited Sirketi Turkey Medtronic Mediterranean Offshore SAL Lebanon Medtronic META FZ-LLC United Arab Emirates Medtronic Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Medtronic MiniMed, Inc. Delaware Medtronic Monitoring, Inc. Delaware Medtronic Navigation, Inc. Delaware Medtronic Navigation Israel Ltd. Israel Medtronic New Zealand Limited New Zealand Medtronic Norge AS Norway Medtronic Oesterreich G.m.b.H. Austria Medtronic Pacific Trading, Inc. Minnesota Medtronic Pakistan (Private) Limited Pakistan Medtronic Philippines, Inc. Philippines Medtronic Poland Sp. Z o.o. Poland Medtronic Poland Finance Sp.z.o.o. Poland Medtronic Portugal, Lda Portugal Medtronic PS Medical, Inc. California 

Medtronic Puerto Rico Operations Co. Cayman Islands Medtronic RCS Holding GmbH Switzerland Medtronic Romania SRL Romania Medtronic S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Medtronic S.A.I.C. Argentina Medtronic Saudi Arabia Company Saudi Arabia Medtronic Servicios S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Medtronic Shared Services Americas S.A.S. Colombia Medtronic Shared Services SRL Costa Rica Medtronic Singapore Operations Pte. Ltd. Singapore Medtronic Slovakia s.r.o. Slovakia Medtronic Sofamor Danek Co., Ltd. Japan Medtronic Sofamor Danek Deggendorf GmbH Germany Medtronic Sofamor Danek South Africa (Proprietary) Limited South Africa Medtronic Sofamor Danek USA, Inc. Tennessee Medtronic Sofamor Danek, Inc. Indiana Medtronic Srbija d.o.o. Beograd-Novi Beograd Serbia Medtronic Sweden Finance AB Sweden Medtronic Trading Ltd. Israel Medtronic Trading NL BV Netherlands Medtronic Ukraine Limited Liability Company Ukraine Medtronic ULN Medtronic USA, Inc. Minnesota Medtronic Vascular Galway Unlimited Company Ireland Medtronic Vascular, Inc. Delaware Medtronic Ventor Technologies Ltd. Israel Medtronic Vietnam Company Limited Vietnam Medtronic VT, LLC Delaware Medtronic World Trade Corporation Minnesota Medtronic Xomed, Inc. Delaware Medtronic Xomed LLC Delaware Medtronic, Inc. Minnesota Medtronic, trgovina z medicinsko tehnologijo in opremo d.o.o. Slovenia Micro Therapeutics, Inc. Maryland MiniMed Distribution Corp. Delaware MiniMed Pty Ltd Australia MMJ, S.A. de C.V. Mexico MSCH LLC Delaware N.G.C. Medical Srl Italy NayaMed International S rl Switzerland Nederelandse Obesitas Kliniek Zuid B.V. Netherlands N.O.K. Nederlandse Obesitas Kliniek B.V. Netherlands Nederlandse Obesitas Kliniek West B.V. Netherlands Nederlandse Obesitas kliniek Zeeland B.V. Netherlands Nellcor Puritan Bennett Ireland Holdings Unlimited Company Ireland Nellcor Puritan Bennett Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland Nellcor Puritan Bennett LLC Delaware Nellcor Puritan Bennett Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico New Wave Surgical, LLC Delaware Nurtino Health Ltd Israel Obesitas International B.V. Netherlands 

Obesitas Nederland B.V. Netherlands Old Colony State Insurance Company Vermont Oridion Capnography, Inc. California Oridion Medical 1987 Ltd. Israel Oridion Systems Ltd. Israel Osteotech, Inc. Delaware Plastics Holding Corporation Nevada Polyken Technologies Europe, Inc. Delaware Polysuture Industria e Comercio Ltda. Brazil PT. Covidien Indonesia Indonesia PT Medtronic Indonesia Indonesia PTB International LLC Delaware Quro Obesity Center Poly Clinic LLC United Arab Emirates Raychem Tecnologias, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Retail Group de Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Reverse Medical LLC Delaware RF Surgical Systems LLC Minnesota Sanatis GmbH Germany Sapheon LLC California Shanghai MedTech Service Co., Ltd. China Shanghai Medtronic Zhikang Medical Devices Co., Ltd. China Shanghai MyanCor Medical Ltd China Sherwood Medical Company I Delaware Singapore MyanCor Medical Pte. Ltd. Singapore Societe De Fabrication de Material Orthopedique En Abrege Sofamor France Sofradim Production France SonarMed Inc. Delaware Sophono, Inc. Colorado SpinalGraft Technologies, LLC Tennessee superDimension, Inc. Delaware Suzhou Medtronic Venture Capital Partnership Enterprise (L.P.) China Suzhou Medtronic-Sequoia Innovation Investment Management Co., Ltd. China Suzhou Mei Zhong Capital Investment Management Co., Ltd. China Titan Spine, Inc. Delaware Tissue Science Laboratories Limited United Kingdom Twelve, Inc. Delaware U.S.S.C. Puerto Rico, Inc. Cayman Islands U.S.S.C. Puerto Rico (NY), Inc. New York United States Surgical Corporation Delaware USSC FSC, Inc. Barbados USSC Medical GmbH Germany Valera Holdings S. .r.l. Luxembourg Valleylab Holding Corporation Delaware Vascular Medcure, Inc. Delaware Visionsense Corp. Delaware Visionsense Ltd. Israel Visualase, Inc. Delaware Vitatron Holding B.V. Netherlands VNUS Medical Technologies II, Inc. Delaware Warsaw Orthopedic Inc. Indiana WEM Equipamentos Electronicos Ltda. Brazil 

World Heart Corporation Delaware Zephyr Technology LLC Delaware Zorginitiatieven B.V. Netherlands 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 6
 mdt-202310kxex22.htm
 EX-22

Document 

Exhibit 22 
 
 Senior Notes, Issuers and Guarantors 
 Registered Senior Notes Issued Under 
 Issuer 
 Guarantors 
 Indenture, dated as of October 22, 2007 
 Covidien International Finance S.A. 
 Covidien Ltd., Covidien plc, Medtronic plc and Medtronic Global Holdings, S.C.A. 
 Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2009 
 Medtronic, Inc. 
 Medtronic plc and Medtronic Global Holdings, S.C.A. 
 Indenture, dated as of December 10, 2014 
 Medtronic, Inc. 
 Medtronic plc and Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A. 
 Senior Indenture, dated as of March 28, 2017 
 Medtronic Global Holdings S.C.A. 
 Medtronic plc and Medtronic, Inc. 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 7
 mdt-202310kxex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-270272) and on Form S-8 Nos. 333-201737, 333-221962, and 333-261841 of Medtronic plc of our report dated June 22, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota June 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 8
 mdt-202310kxex24.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

Each of the undersigned directors of Medtronic plc, an Irish public limited company, hereby constitutes and appoints each of IVAN K. FONG and MARTHA HA, acting individually or jointly, their true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act for them and in their name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and all acts and execute any and all documents which either such attorney and agent may deem necessary or desirable to enable Medtronic plc to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing with the Commission of Medtronic s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 28, 2023, including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, power and authority to sign the names of the undersigned directors to the Form 10-K and to any instruments and documents filed as part of or in connection with the Form 10-K or any amendments thereto and the undersigned hereby ratify and confirm all actions taken and documents signed by each said attorney and agent as provided herein. 
 
 The undersigned have set their hands this 22 nd day of June, 2023. 
 s Richard H. Anderson s Kevin E. Lofton Richard H. Anderson Kevin E. Lofton s Craig Arnold s Geoffrey S. Martha Craig Arnold Geoffrey S. Martha s Scott C. Donnelly s Elizabeth G. Nabel, M.D. Scott C. Donnelly Elizabeth G. Nabel, M.D. s Lidia L. Fonseca s Denise M. O Leary Lidia L. Fonseca Denise M. O Leary s Andrea Goldsmith, Ph.D. s Kendall J. Powell Andrea Goldsmith, Ph.D. Kendall J. Powell s Randall J. Hogan Randall J. Hogan 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 mdt-202310kxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Geoffrey S. Martha, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Medtronic plc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 June 22, 2023 s Geoffrey S. Martha Geoffrey S. Martha Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 mdt-202310kxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Karen L. Parkhill, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Medtronic plc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 June 22, 2023 s Karen L. Parkhill Karen L. Parkhill Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 mdt-202310kxex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with this annual report on Form 10-K of Medtronic plc for the fiscal year ended April 28, 2023, the undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer of Medtronic plc, for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in this report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Medtronic plc. 
 
 June 22, 2023 s Geoffrey S. Martha 
 Geoffrey S. Martha 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 mdt-202310kxex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with this annual report on Form 10-K of Medtronic plc for the fiscal year ended April 28, 2023, the undersigned hereby certifies, in her capacity as Chief Financial Officer of Medtronic plc, for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in this report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Medtronic plc. 
 June 22, 2023 s Karen L. Parkhill 
 Karen L. Parkhill 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 mdt-20230428.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 mdt-20230428_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 mdt-20230428_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 mdt-20230428_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 mdt-20230428_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

