<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230425_10-K_edgar_data_1646972_0001646972-23-000045.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17505744</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>442094</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2769585</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6191268</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4099013</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3655943</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001646972-23-000045.hdr.sgml : 20230425
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230425161000
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001646972-23-000045
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		120
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230225
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230425
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230425

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Albertsons Companies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001646972
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-GROCERY STORES [5411]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0225

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39350
		FILM NUMBER:		23844967

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 PARKCENTER BLVD.
		CITY:			BOISE
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83706
		BUSINESS PHONE:		208-395-6200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 PARKCENTER BLVD.
		CITY:			BOISE
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83706

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001646972-23-000045.txt : 20230425

10-K
 1
 aci-20230225.htm
 10-K

aci-20230225 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of September 9, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately billion. 
 As of April 21, 2023, the registrant had shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Page 
 PART I 
 4 
 Item 1 - Business 
 8 
 Item 1A - Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B - Unresolved Staff Comments 
 34 
 Item 2 - Properties 
 35 
 Item 3 - Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 PART II 
 37 
 Item 5 - Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 Item 6 - [Reserved] 
 39 
 Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 
 Item 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Item 9 - Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 108 
 Item 9A - Controls and Procedures 
 109 
 Item 9B - Other Information 
 109 
 Item 9C - Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 109 
 PART III 
 110 
 Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 110 
 Item 11 - Executive Compensation 
 110 
 Item 12 - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 110 
 Item 13 - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 110 
 Item 14 - Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 110 
 PART IV 
 111 
 Item 15 - Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 111 
 Item 16 - Summary 
 116 
 SIGNATURES 
 117 

Table of Contents 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, references to "Albertsons," the "Company," "ACI," "we," "us" and "our" refer to Albertsons Companies, Inc. and, where appropriate, its consolidated subsidiaries. Our last three fiscal years consisted of the 52 weeks ended February 25, 2023 ("fiscal 2022"), the 52 weeks ended February 26, 2022 ("fiscal 2021") and the 52 weeks ended February 27, 2021 ("fiscal 2020"). Our next three fiscal years consist of the 52 weeks ending February 24, 2024 ("fiscal 2023") and February 22, 2025 ("fiscal 2024"), and the 53 weeks ending February 28, 2026 ("fiscal 2025"). 
 
 PART I 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws. The "forward-looking statements" include our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our business, our industry and the outcome of the Merger. They include statements relating to our future operating or financial performance which the Company believes to be reasonable at this time. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as "outlook," "may," "should," "could," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," "continue," "anticipates," "believes," "plans," "expects," "future" and "intends" and similar expressions which are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 
 These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the statements. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements include: 
 changes in macroeconomic conditions and uncertainty regarding the geopolitical environment; 
 rates of food price inflation or deflation, as well as fuel and commodity prices; 
 change in market interest rates and wage rates; 
 changes in retail consumer behavior, including in the digital space; 
 ability to attract and retain qualified associates and negotiate acceptable contracts with labor unions; 
 failure to achieve productivity initiatives, unexpected changes in our objectives and plans, inability to implement our strategies, plans, programs and initiatives, or enter into strategic transactions, investments or partnerships in the future on terms acceptable to us, or at all; 
 uncertainties related to the Merger, including our ability to close the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and the impact of the costs related to the Merger; 
 erosion of consumer confidence as a result of the Merger Agreement; 
 litigation related to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; 
 restrictions on our ability to operate as a result of the Merger Agreement; 
 challenges in attracting, retaining and motivating our employees until the closing of the Merger; 
 availability and cost of goods used in our food products; 
 challenges with our supply chain; 
 operational and financial effects resulting from cyber incidents, including outages in the cloud environment and the effectiveness of business continuity plans during a ransomware or other cyber incident; and 
 health epidemics and pandemics including the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, about which there are still many unknowns and the extent of their impact on our business and the communities we serve including a significant reduction in the current levels of revenue from administering vaccines and providing test kits. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements and risk factors. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect our view only as of the date of this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation, other than as required by law, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 In evaluating our financial results and forward-looking statements, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties more fully described in the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled "Risk Factors." Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements we make in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are qualified by the information contained in this section and the information discussed under "Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors." 
 
 SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
 
 The following is a summary of the principal factors that create risk in investing in our securities: 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 
 Risks related to: 
 general economic conditions affecting the food and drug retail industry and various operating factors; 
 strains related to COVID-19 or future pandemics; 
 availability of energy to manufacture, store, transport and sell products; 
 failure to realize anticipated benefits from our productivity initiatives; and 
 impact of environmental, social and governance matters, including inability to meet goals and commitments established in relation to such matters. 
 
 Risks Related to the Merger 
 
 Risks related to: 
 the Merger Agreement and the pendency of the Merger; 
 the ability to complete the Merger; 
 restrictions on our business activities while the Merger Agreement is in effect; 
 litigation related to the Merger; and 
 significant delay or the failure to complete the Merger. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Industry 
 
 Risks related to: 
 intensity of the competition in our industry; 
 our ability to timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends; 
 consolidation in the healthcare industry; and 
 the adequacy of our insurance to cover any claims against us. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Supply Chain 
 
 Risks related to: 
 product and raw material supply disruptions, especially those to fresh products, including from severe weather, natural disasters and climate changes; 
 threats or potential threats to security of food and drug safety, including the occurrence of a widespread health epidemic and/or pandemic, and loss of confidence in the supply chain; and 
 availability and increased prices of fuel or commodities. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Workforce 
 
 Risks related to: 
 our relationship with unions, including labor disputes or work stoppages, and increased pension expenses, contributions and surcharges; 
 increases to the minimum wage and changes to wage regulations; and 
 the failure to attract and retain qualified associates. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Risks related to: 
 unfavorable changes in government regulation and environmental laws; 
 unfavorable changes in the tax code; 
 legal or other proceedings; and 
 our use of insurance and self-insurance to address potential liabilities. 
 
 Risks Related to Information Security, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy 
 
 Risks related to: 
 our dependence on IT systems; and 
 improper activities by third parties and the loss of confidence from a data security incident involving our customers, employees or vendors. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 Risks related to: 
 our level of indebtedness and our ability to generate cash; 
 our debt instruments limiting our flexibility in operating our business; 
 increases in interest rates, a downgrade of our credit ratings and/or instability in the credit market; and 
 liability under certain operating leases that were assigned to third parties. 
 
 Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock 
 
 Risks related to: 
 the volatility of the price of our common stock and the possibility of a decline regardless of our operating performance; 
 our largest stockholder may have conflicts of interest with other stockholders in the future; 
 6 

Table of Contents 

provisions in our charter documents and certain other agreements that could delay or prevent a change of control; 
 the limit on our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees; 
 our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders; and 
 the dilution to our stockholders by the future issuance of additional common stock in connection with our equity incentive plans, acquisitions or otherwise. 
 
 See "Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors" for a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business. 
 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 We define EBITDA as generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") earnings (net loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. We define Adjusted EBITDA as earnings (net loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, further adjusted to eliminate the effects of items management does not consider in assessing our ongoing core performance. We define Adjusted net income as GAAP net income adjusted to eliminate the effects of items management does not consider in assessing our ongoing core performance. We define Adjusted net income per Class A common share as Adjusted net income divided by the weighted average diluted Class A common shares outstanding, as adjusted to reflect all restricted stock units and awards outstanding for the period, as well as the conversion of Convertible Preferred Stock when it is antidilutive for GAAP. See "Part II Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for further discussion and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted net income and Adjusted net income per Class A common share. 
 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted net income and Adjusted net income per Class A common share (collectively, the "Non-GAAP Measures") are performance measures that provide supplemental information we believe is useful to analysts and investors to evaluate our ongoing results of operations, when considered alongside other GAAP measures such as net income, operating income, gross margin and net income per Class A common share. These Non-GAAP Measures exclude the financial impact of items management does not consider in assessing our ongoing core operating performance, and thereby provide useful measures to analysts and investors of our operating performance on a period-to-period basis. Other companies may have different definitions of Non-GAAP Measures and provide for different adjustments, and comparability to our results of operations may be impacted by such differences. We also use Adjusted EBITDA for board of director and bank compliance reporting. Our presentation of Non-GAAP Measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. 
 
 Non-GAAP Measures should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Non-GAAP Measures only for supplemental purposes. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Item 1 - Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 Albertsons is one of the largest food and drug retailers in the United States, with both strong local presence and national scale. We also manufacture and process some of the food for sale in our stores. We maintain a website (www.Albertsonscompanies.com) that includes additional information about the Company. We make available through our website, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and our interactive data files, including amendments to those reports. These forms are available as soon as reasonably practicable after we have filed them with, or furnished them electronically to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Additionally, all of our filings with the SEC can be accessed on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Retail Operations 
 
 As of February 25, 2023, we operated 2,271 stores across 34 states and the District of Columbia under 24 banners including Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Pavilions, Randalls, Tom Thumb, Carrs, Jewel-Osco, Acme, Shaw's, Star Market, United Supermarkets, Market Street, Haggen, Kings Food Markets and Balducci's Food Lovers Market . Additionally, as of February 25, 2023, we operated 1,722 pharmacies, 1,328 in-store branded coffee shops, 401 adjacent fuel centers, 22 dedicated distribution centers, 19 manufacturing facilities and various digital platforms. Our stores operate in First-and-Main retail locations and have leading market share within attractive and growing geographies. We hold a #1 or #2 position by market share in 69 of the 121 metropolitan statistical areas ("MSAs") in which we operate. Our portfolio of well-located, full-service stores provides the foundation of our omnichannel platform, and we have continued to enhance our capabilities to meet customer demand for convenience and flexibility. Our Drive Up Go curbside pickup service is offered in nearly 2,200 locations and we offer delivery services across more than 2,000 of our stores. In our delivery service, we have expanded the number of stores with in-house delivery services, and in our third-party services we have continued to partner with Instacart, DoorDash and Uber to engage with customers on the platform of their choice. In fiscal 2022, we rolled out our Customers for Life transformation strategy, which is anchored on placing the customer at the center of everything we do, with the ultimate goal of supporting them every day, every week, and for a lifetime. We seek to tailor our offerings to local demographics and preferences of the markets in which we operate. Our Locally Great, Nationally Strong operating structure empowers decision making at the local level, which we believe better serves our customers and communities, while also providing the technology platforms, systems, analytics and buying power afforded by an organization with national scale. 
 
 Segments 
 
 We are engaged in the operation of food and drug retail stores that offer grocery products, general merchandise, health and beauty care products, pharmacy, fuel and other items and services in our stores or through digital channels. Our retail operating divisions are geographically based, have similar economic characteristics and similar expected long-term financial performance. Our operating segments and reporting units are made up of 12 divisions, which are reported in one reportable segment. Each reporting unit constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and for which management regularly reviews the operating results. Across all operating segments, the Company operates primarily one store format. Each division offers, through its stores and digital channels, the same general mix of products with similar pricing to similar categories of customers, has similar distribution methods, operates in similar regulatory environments and purchases merchandise from similar or the same vendors. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Products 
 
 Our stores offer grocery products, general merchandise, health and beauty care products, pharmacy, fuel and other items and services. We are not dependent on any individual supplier; only one third-party supplier represented more than 5 of our sales for fiscal 2022. 
 
 Merchandising and Manufacturing 
 
 Our Own Brands portfolio provides high-quality products to our customers at a great value, offering nearly 14,000 unique items. The Own Brands portfolio includes but is not limited to the registered trademarks Signature SELECT , O Organics , Open Nature , Signature Caf , Lucerne , Waterfront BISTRO , Primo Taglio , Signature Care , Signature Reserve and Value Corner . Our Own Brands products resonate well with our shoppers, as evidenced by Own Brands sales of over 16.5 billion in fiscal 2022. Own Brands continues to deliver on innovation with 375 new items launched in fiscal 2022. 
 
 As measured by units for fiscal 2022, 10.2 of our Own Brands products were manufactured in Company-owned facilities, and the remainder was purchased from third parties. We closely monitor make-versus-buy decisions on internally sourced products to optimize their quality and profitability. In addition, we believe that our scale will provide opportunities to leverage our fixed manufacturing costs in order to drive innovation across our Own Brands portfolio. As of February 25, 2023, we operated 19 food production plants. These plants consisted of seven milk plants, three soft drink bottling plants, three bakery plants, two ice cream product plants, two grocery/prepared food plants, one ice plant and one soup plant. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Our banners, brand image and Own Brands portfolio are significant to our business strategy. We own numerous registered trademarks and service marks and seek to obtain and preserve intellectual property protection of our marks and to ensure that any third party uses are properly licensed. 
 
 Distribution 
 
 As of February 25, 2023, we operated 22 strategically located distribution centers, approximately 36 of which are owned or ground-leased. Our distribution centers collectively provide approximately 66 of all products to our retail operating areas. 
 
 Marketing and Advertising 
 
 Our marketing efforts involve collaboration between our national marketing and merchandising team and local divisions and stores. We augment the local division teams with corporate resources and are focused on providing expertise, sharing best practices and leveraging scale in partnership with leading consumer packaged goods vendors. Our corporate teams support divisions by providing strategic guidance in order to drive key areas of our business, including pharmacy, general merchandise and our Own Brands. Our local marketing teams set brand strategy and communicate brand messages through our integrated digital and physical marketing and advertising channels. 
 
 We devote significant resources to differentiating our banners in the local markets where we operate and invest in loyalty programs to drive traffic. Our local merchandising teams spend considerable time working with store directors to make sure we are satisfying consumer preferences. We also strive to achieve and maintain favorable recognition of our Own Brands offerings by marketing these offerings to consumers and enhancing value for consumers, particularly in respect of branded products. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

We maintain price competitiveness through systematic, selective and thoughtful price investment to drive customer traffic and basket size. We also use our loyalty program to target promotional activity and improve our customers' experience. This includes leveraging customer and transaction information with data driven analytics to provide both personalized deals and digital coupons, as well as gas and grocery rewards. We have more than 34 million members currently enrolled in our loyalty program. We have achieved significant success with active participants in our loyalty program, which drives higher sales and customer retention. We have recently deployed and are continuing to refine cloud-based enterprise solutions to quickly process proprietary customer, product and transaction data and efficiently provide our local managers with targeted marketing strategies for customers in their communities. In addition, we use data analytics to optimize shelf assortment and space in our stores by continually and systematically reviewing the performance of each product. 
 
 In digital, we capitalize on our rich and proprietary data under Albertsons Media Collective ("AMC"). AMC offers new and existing business partners a robust digital marketing platform that reaches our extensive customer network and leverages our strong market share, especially in the 69 of markets where we hold a #1 or #2 share position. We believe AMC will be a contributor to our growth and profit driver in the future. 
 
 Raw Materials 
 
 Various agricultural commodities constitute the principal raw materials used by us in the manufacture of our food products. Although historically raw materials for our products have not been in short supply and have been readily available, see "Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors" regarding the potential adverse impact on our results of operations due to the lack of, or reduced availability of, raw materials. 
 
 Environmental 
 
 Our operations are subject to regulation under environmental laws, including those relating to waste management, air emissions and underground storage tanks. In addition, as an owner and operator of commercial real estate, we may be subject to liability under applicable environmental laws for clean-up of contamination at our facilities. Compliance with, and clean-up liability under, these laws has not had and is not expected to have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, liquidity or operating results. 
 
 We work hard to maintain the highest standards of environmental stewardship (including procuring and offering sustainably sourced products). During fiscal 2022, we recycled more than 850 million pounds of cardboard and 27 million pounds of plastic bags and film from our operations and completed over 1,100 energy efficiency projects. Moreover, 100 of our Own Brands Waterfront BISTRO and Open Nature seafood is sourced to meet our Responsible Seafood Policy. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 Serving 34.7 million customers per week, our associates are a key component of our success. As one of the largest food and drug retailers in the U.S., we recognize that our ability to delight our customers lies in the engagement of our associates. To attract, develop and retain associates, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture, investing in talent development and supporting the personal health and well-being of associates and their families. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Employees 
 
 As of February 25, 2023, we employed approximately 290,000 associates, of which approximately 63 were part-time and approximately 200,000 associates were covered by collective bargaining agreements. We take pride in the long tenure of a significant number of our associates and during fiscal 2022, more than 63,000 of our associates celebrated at least 15 years of service, and more than 44,000 of them celebrated over 20 years of service. 
 
 Our commitment to our purpose and values continues to shape our approach to attracting, retaining, engaging and developing a highly skilled and ethical workforce, who set us apart and bring these values to life on a daily basis. 
 
 ACI Purpose and Values 
 
 In 2022, we cemented our Company s purpose: To bring people together around the joys of food and to inspire well-being . This ties to our Company s ambition to earn customers for life. To fulfill our purpose and achieve our ambition, we are guided by our Company s values, which are set in our commitment to care. One of these values We Put People First grounds us in our belief that our associates are the connection to our customers and communities. We care for their well-being and invest in their personal and professional growth. We believe that a diverse and inclusive workforce is built on a foundation of courtesy, dignity and respect. Our people passionately serve our customers and communities and are the heart and soul of our Company. We value and invest in them as individuals, associates, and also as the connection that drives our business. By putting people first, we build a more meaningful, less transactional relationship with our associates, and dedicate our resources and energy to their professional growth. 
 
 Starting in mid-2022, we began a company-wide effort to enroll each associate in "Living Our Purpose." Through leader-led sessions, our associates are committing to live by our values better. Recognition programs have been aligned to our values, and team meetings and town hall events feature panel discussions about living our values. In addition, initiatives have been positioned with objectives tied to our ambition and purpose. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 During fiscal 2022, we continued to put people first and have remained committed to creating a workplace where inclusion thrives through diverse representation across all levels of our workforce. We strive to reflect the rich diversity of communities we serve and foster a culture of belonging that embraces differences. 
 
 Our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion ("DE I") is a core element of our philosophy and we strive to embed it in our people practices. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters personal growth, develops talent and offers career opportunities. To enable an inclusive and welcoming culture among our associates, we support our associate resource groups ("ARGs"). The ARGs, collectively comprising over 5,000 members, are based on employee interests and are open to all associates in the corporate and division offices, and field leadership in our retail stores and supply chain facilities. 
 
 During fiscal 2022, we added our newest ARG - diverseABILITY - an ARG focused on driving disability inclusion for people with diverse abilities, their caretakers, and allies, to our existing ARGs, which include the Women's Inspiration and Inclusion Network ("WIIN"), the Hispanic Leadership Network, the Asian Network, the African American Leadership Council, the Pride Alliance, Green Team, and the Veterans Associate Resource Group. We also have the Albertsons ARG Mentorship Program which is designed to support the talent development objective of our DE I strategic framework and create a space that allows associates to form a valuable partnership based on commitment to growth and development. 
 
 We are proud to be one of the first national grocery chains to join the Business Coalition for the Equality Act, a group of leading U.S. employers that support the federal Equality Act. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

We are also a signatory to the CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion. This CEO pledge is an external commitment to remain focused on cultivating a workplace that supports open dialogue on complex and sometimes difficult discussions, which we hope to accomplish through existing conversation forums. We are also committed to facilitating the exchange of actions and do so through our participation in various Chief Diversity Officer roundtable forums. 
 
 As part of our ongoing commitment, we have integrated DE I goals into the performance plans of our top leaders and during fiscal 2022 we have trained over 15,000 leaders through our "Leading with Inclusion" sessions. We continue to expand opportunities for our associates to learn more about DE I, including facilitated discussions of leaders on how to be more inclusive, and bi-annual store and supply chain huddles to further embed DE I into our frontline, complemented by online modules that are shared monthly. We have formed a National Diversity Council that is chaired by our CEO, to advance DE I within our Company. In addition, each of our 12 operating divisions have Diversity Councils and we have individual councils for our Technology Engineering, Digital Consumer and Supply Chain departments. 
 
 Talent, Learning Development and Engagement 
 
 We are proud to offer our associates a myriad of opportunities to grow and advance their careers. We have a talent management process that is designed to enable us to identify and assess talent across the organization and provide equal and consistent opportunities for employees to develop their skills. Several levels of associates participate in our annual performance management process that includes goal setting, feedback and development in order to support their personal growth and development. We actively engage associates across the organization to provide regular input. This includes focus groups, working directly with associates in our stores, ad hoc surveys and our annual associate experience survey that is available to all associates. 
 
 We also offer formal and informal learning and development opportunities to all associates through synchronous, asynchronous and hybrid experiences. These offerings include eLearning and on-demand content, virtual and in-person classes, on-the-job training, virtual reality, mentoring programs and more. By offering differentiated learning solutions, we meet our associates where they are in their development to provide the support they need to perform in their current roles and prepare for future opportunities. During fiscal 2022, our in-store and office associates together completed more than four million courses through various platforms. We also launched two enterprise-wide programs that focus on enhancing the capabilities of our leaders. First, our Assistant Store Directors Training program is a 10-week immersive program that prepares high potential frontline supervisors for the next step in their career through business and industry-specific experiential learning. Second, our Foundational Leadership Skills curriculum was designed for all people leaders to develop their leadership skills through self-study and instructor-led workshops. 
 
 We have also partnered with industry associations to provide access to relevant continuing retail education opportunities through colleges around the country. 
 
 We value engagement and hold regular Town Hall meetings where any employee can ask questions of executives and make their voice heard. 
 
 Leaders recognize individuals and teams through programs specific to their area of the Company such as spot award cards that include store credits for future purchases, quarterly programs like our Pharmacy team's "Elevate" awards, and recognition of milestone anniversaries and completion of certifications and continuing education courses all rooted in recognizing outstanding team members who are living our purpose and values. Corporate teams feature recognition recipients during town halls, and our weekly newsletter for associates includes stories about associates doing great things for each other, our customers and our communities. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Well-Being 
 
 In addition to our efforts to create a vibrant work environment grounded in DE I, we are continually evaluating and developing our compensation and benefits programs to offer competitive wages and job-appropriate compensation. Our benefits are designed to attract and retain our employees and vary from location, seniority and employment status. In addition to comprehensive, accessible and affordable healthcare coverage, we offer paid time off, flexible work schedules, family leave, associate assistance programs and a 401(k)-retirement savings and investment plan with Company matching. Additionally, we seek to manage our collective bargaining agreements through active negotiations with union officials to best provide our employees fair wages, comprehensive retirement packages and other benefits. 
 
 We have also launched a series of programs and initiatives to provide support to our associates and their families outside of work, including a digital platform designed to provide associates with support for anxiety, depression and stress, a program to support parents and caregivers of children with developmental disabilities, and a program to support associates and eligible family members in the event of a cancer diagnosis. 
 
 The health and safety of our associates remains at the forefront of our business, and we remain committed to the prevention of injury and illness through strong health and safety management, employee empowerment and accountability, and strict compliance with health and safety regulations. We are also focused on fostering a safe, open and accountable work environment and we provide a hotline for all associates to report workplace concerns and violations. 
 
 In addition to caring for the well-being of our associates, we seek to support the communities we serve. During fiscal 2022, along with the Albertsons Companies Foundation, we contributed more than 200 million in food and financial support, including more than 40 million through our Nourishing Neighbors program to ensure those living in our communities and those impacted by disasters have enough to eat. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our business is generally not seasonal in nature, but a larger share of annual revenues may be generated in November and December due to the major holidays. 
 
 Competitive Environment 
 
 The food and drug retail industry is highly competitive. The principal competitive factors that affect our business are location, price, quality, service, selection, convenience and condition of assets such as our stores. The operating environment for the food and drug retailing industry continues to be characterized by intense competition, aggressive expansion, increasing specialization of retail and digital formats, entry of non-traditional competitors and consolidation. 
 
 We face intense competition from supercenters, other food and/or drug retailers, club stores, online retailers, specialty and niche supermarkets, "limited assortment" stores, drug stores, general merchandisers, wholesale stores, dollar and discount stores, convenience stores, natural food stores, farmers' markets, local chains and stand-alone stores that cater to the individual cultural preferences of specific neighborhoods, restaurants and a growing number of internet-based home delivery and meal solution companies. We and our competitors engage in price and non-price competition which, from time to time, has adversely affected our operating margins. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers as of April 25, 2023: 
 Name Age Position Vivek Sankaran 60 Chief Executive Officer and Director Sharon McCollam 60 President and Chief Financial Officer Anuj Dhanda 60 Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer Omer Gajial 49 Executive Vice President of Health and Chief Digital Officer Susan Morris 54 Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer Kelly Griffith 59 Executive Vice President of Retail Operations, West Region Michelle Larson 46 Executive Vice President of Retail Operations, East Region Juliette Pryor 58 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Evan Rainwater 60 Executive Vice President, Supply Chain and Manufacturing Jennifer Saenz 45 Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer Michael Theilmann 59 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 Vivek Sankaran has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Director since September 2021, and our Chief Executive Officer, President and Director since April 2019. Prior to joining the Company, since 2009 Mr. Sankaran served in various leadership and executive positions at PepsiCo, Inc. ("PepsiCo"), a multinational food, snack, and beverage corporation. From January to March 2019, he served as Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo Foods North America, a business unit within PepsiCo, where he led PepsiCo's snack and convenient foods business. Prior to that position, Mr. Sankaran served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Frito-Lay North America, a subsidiary of PepsiCo, from April 2016 to December 2018, its Chief Operating Officer from February to April 2016 and Chief Commercial Officer, North America, of PepsiCo from 2014 to February 2016, where he led PepsiCo's cross-divisional performance across its North American customers. Prior to joining PepsiCo in 2009, Mr. Sankaran was a partner at McKinsey and Company, where he served various Fortune 100 companies, bringing a strong focus on strategy and operations. 
 
 Sharon McCollam has served as our President and Chief Financial Officer since September 2021. Ms. McCollam previously served as Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative and Chief Financial Officer at Best Buy Co. Inc. ("Best Buy"), a multinational consumer electronics retailer, from 2012 to 2016. Prior to Best Buy, Ms. McCollam held several transformational leadership positions at Williams-Sonoma, Inc., a consumer retail company, from 2000 to 2012, including Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer from 2006 to 2012. 
 
 Anuj Dhanda has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since December 2015. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Dhanda served as Senior Vice President of Digital Commerce of the Giant Eagle supermarket chain from March to December 2015, and as its Chief Information Officer from September 2013. Prior to Giant Eagle, from March 2008 to August 2013, Mr. Dhanda served as Chief Information Officer of PNC Financial Services, a bank holding company and financial services corporation. 
 
 Omer Gajial has served as our Executive Vice President of Health and Chief Digital Officer since August 2022, as our Executive Vice President of Pharmacy and Health since February 2022 and as our Senior Vice President, Rx Health and Wellness since September 2020. Prior to joining the Company, from January 2016 until August 2020, Mr. Gajial was the General Manager for Amazon Marketplace business, an e-commerce platform owned and operated by Amazon, across Hardlines, Softlines, and Consumables categories for the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. At Amazon Mr. Gajial led sales, business development, product, program, and fulfillment teams to launch strategic sellers into North America. Prior to Amazon, from July 2000 until December 2015, Mr. Gajial held several 
 14 

Table of Contents 

positions of increasing responsibility at PepsiCo in Dubai and New York, before being named VP Global Strategy, Category Management Insights for PepsiCo's Walmart Customer team. 
 
 Susan Morris has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer since January 2018. Ms. Morris has served in various executive positions at the Company since 2010 including serving as our Executive Vice President, Retail Operations, West Region from April 2017 to January 2018 and Executive Vice President, Retail Operations, East Region from April 2016 to April 2017. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Morris served as Senior Vice President of Sales and Merchandising and Vice President of Customer Satisfaction at SuperValu. 
 
 Kelly Griffith has served as our Executive Vice President of Retail Operations, West Region since March 2022 and previously as Executive Vice President of Operations from January 2015 to April 2016. Mr. Griffith also served in various executive positions at Safeway prior to its merger with the Company in 2015 and various other roles dating back to 1980. 
 
 Michelle Larson has served as our Executive Vice President of Retail Operations, East Region since March 2023 and our Southwest and Shaw s Division President since 2018. Ms. Larson first joined the Company in 2016 as Senior Vice President of Merchandising, Southwest. 
 
 Juliette Pryor has served as our Executive Vice President and General Counsel since June 2020. Prior to joining the Company, since October 2016, Ms. Pryor served as senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary for Cox Enterprises, Inc. ("COX"), a leading communications and automotive services company. Prior to COX, from February 2009 to October 2016, Ms. Pryor served as executive vice president, general counsel and chief compliance officer for US Foods, Inc., a leading U.S. foodservice distributor. 
 
 Evan Rainwater has served as our Executive Vice President, Supply Chain and Manufacturing since March 2020 and our Senior Vice President, Supply Manufacturing since May 2019. Mr. Rainwater joined the Company in May 2005 as Vice President, Manufacturing. 
 
 Jennifer Saenz has served as our Chief Merchandising Officer since July 2021. Prior to joining the Company, since 2006, Ms. Saenz served in several executive positions at PepsiCo. From October 2019 until July 2021, Ms. Saenz served as Global Chief Marketing Officer for PepsiCo, and President, Global Foods, responsible for overseeing the marketing function across foods and beverages and growing the PepsiCo Foods portfolio across all global markets. From January 2016 to October 2019 Ms. Saenz served as Senior Vice President Chief Marketing Officer of PepsiCo Foods North America where she managed the business unit's snacking portfolio. 
 
 Michael Theilmann has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since August 2019. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Theilmann served as Global Practice Managing Partner, Human Resources Officers Practice, from February 2018 to August 2019, and as Partner, Consumer Markets Practice, from June 2017 to January 2018, of Heidrick Struggles International Incorporated, a worldwide executive search firm. 

Item 1A - Risk Factors 
 
 There are risks and uncertainties that can affect our business. The most significant risk factors are discussed below. The following information should be read together with "Part II Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Form 10-K, which includes forward-looking statements and factors that could cause us not to realize our goals or meet our expectations. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 
 General economic conditions affecting the food and drug retail industry and various operating factors may affect our business and may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 Our operations and financial performance are affected by economic conditions such as macroeconomic factors, credit market conditions and the level of consumer confidence. Both inflation and deflation affect our business. Food deflation could reduce sales growth and earnings, while food inflation could reduce gross margin rates and consumer spending. We have observed increased inflation during the past year with varying impacts on our business. We are unable to predict the direction of the economy or if inflation will increase materially or revert to deflation. The continued increase in energy costs, including fuel, could also have an effect on consumer spending and on our costs of producing and procuring products that we sell. If the economy weakens, energy costs continue to increase or inflationary trends continue, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. We may also experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of consumers' perceptions of the economy, and a decrease in their personal financial condition could hurt overall consumer confidence and reduce demand for many of our product offerings. Consumers may reduce spending on non-essential items, purchase value-oriented products or increasingly rely on food discounters in an effort to secure the food and drug products that they need, all of which could impact our sales and profit. 
 
 We compete within our industry not only for customers, but also for management and hourly employees. Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have faced a competitive labor market due to labor shortages and turnover. Our inability to keep pace with technological changes may adversely impact our business initiatives and affect our financial performance. Our success is also dependent in large part upon our ability to maintain and enhance the goodwill and reputation of our banners, our customers connection to our banners, and a positive relationship with the communities in which we serve. Additionally, acts of violence at, or threatened against, our stores, including active shooter situations, may, in addition to other operational impact, result in damage and restricted access to our stores and/or store closures for short or extended periods of time, all of which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 
 
 Strains related to COVID-19 or future pandemics may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Spread of variants related to COVID-19 or future pandemics and the measures taken in response could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and heighten many of the other risks described throughout this report, including but not limited to those relating to our growth strategy, supply chain, increased food and labor costs, availability of labor, disruption in operations, loss of key employees, our indebtedness, and general economic conditions. We may also experience a negative impact from government mandated restrictions and community response measures which may disrupt our business and thus negatively impact our financial results. 
 
 Our operations are dependent upon the availability of a significant amount of energy and fuel to manufacture, store, transport and sell products. 
 
 Our operations are dependent upon the availability of a significant amount of energy and fuel to manufacture, store, transport and sell products. Energy and fuel costs are influenced by domestic and international political and economic circumstances and have experienced volatility both recently and over time. To reduce the impact of volatile energy costs, we have entered into contracts to purchase electricity and natural gas at fixed prices to satisfy a portion of our future energy needs. We also manage our exposure to changes in energy prices utilized in the shipping process through the use of short-term diesel fuel derivative contracts. Volatility in fuel and energy costs that exceeds offsetting contractual arrangements could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Failure to realize anticipated benefits from our productivity initiatives could adversely affect our financial performance and competitive position. 
 
 Although we have identified and are still implementing a broad range of specific productivity initiatives to help offset cost inflation, fuel growth and drive earnings, there can be no assurance that all of our initiatives will be successful or that we will realize the estimated benefits in the currently anticipated amounts or timeframe, if at all. Certain of these initiatives involve significant changes in our operating processes and systems that could result in disruptions in our operations. The savings from these planned productivity initiatives represent management's estimates and remain subject to risks and uncertainties. The actual benefits of our productivity initiatives, if achieved, may be lower than we expect and may take longer than anticipated. 
 
 We may be adversely impacted by environmental, social and governance matters, including inability to meet goals and commitments that we establish in relation to such matters. 
 
 In recent years, there has been an increased focus from investors, governmental and nongovernmental entities, and the public on environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters, including greenhouse gas emissions, renewable energy, packaging and waste, practices related to sustainable supply chain, energy and water use, diversity, equity and inclusion, human rights and social commitment. A variety of organizations evaluate, and measure the performance of, companies on such ESG matters, and the results of these assessments can be widely publicized. Given our commitment to ESG, we have established and publicly announced certain goals, commitments, and targets which we may refine or even expand further in the future. Execution of our ESG strategies to achieve these goals, commitments, and targets are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which may be outside of our control and prove to be more costly than we anticipate. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, our ability to achieve our goals, commitments, and targets within the currently projected costs and the expected timeframes; unforeseen operational and technological difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments; and the success of our collaborations with third parties. Any failure, or perceived failure, to achieve our ESG goals, commitments, and targets, the setting or publication of certain targets or the intensity of our commitment to ESG initiatives could damage our reputation and customer, investor and other stakeholder relationships, and may even result in regulatory enforcement action. Such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to the Merger 
 
 The Merger Agreement and the pendency of the Merger could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. 
 
 On October 13, 2022 the Company, The Kroger Co. ("Kroger" or "Parent") and Kettle Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company (the "Merger"), with the Company surviving the Merger as the surviving corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties and is subject to the satisfaction of various covenants and agreements, including, among others the expiration of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended ("HSR Act") and certain other approvals and clearances. 
 
 During the period between the date of signing of the Merger Agreement and the closing of the Merger (the "Closing"), our business is exposed to certain inherent risks due to the effect of the announcement or pendency of the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger, including the separation and establishment of SpinCo (as defined in "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data NOTE 2"), which may impact our business relationships, financial condition and operating results. Some of these risk factors include: 
 17 

Table of Contents 

difficulties maintaining relationships with customers, distributors, vendors, suppliers, service providers and other business partners, who may defer decision about working with us, move to our competitors, seek to delay or change existing business relationships with us; 
 uncertainties caused by negative sentiment in the marketplace with respect to the Merger, which could adversely impact investor confidence in the Company; 
 distraction of our current employees as a result of the announced Merger Agreement which could result in a decline in their productivity or cause distractions in the workplace; 
 our inability to attract new employees or retain current employees may be exacerbated due to uncertainties related to the Merger; 
 the impact of litigation in respect of the Merger Agreement and the Merger; 
 diversion of significant management time and resources towards the completion of the Merger and transactions related to the Merger; 
 impact of costs related to completion of the Merger and transactions related to the Merger, including any costs related to any divestitures for which we are required to obtain regulatory approvals; 
 our inability to solicit other acquisition proposals, pursue alternative business opportunities, make strategic changes to our business and other restrictions on our ability to conduct our business pursuant to the Merger Agreement; and 
 other developments beyond our control, including, but not limited to, changes in domestic or global economic conditions that may affect the timing or success of the Merger. 
 
 The ability to complete the Merger is subject to the receipt of consents and approvals from government entities, which may impose conditions that could cause us or Kroger to abandon the Merger. 
 
 Completion of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, the expiration or termination of the required waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act, and any voluntary agreement with the United States Federal Trade Commission ("FTC"), or the Department of Justice Antitrust Division ("DOJ"). In deciding whether to grant antitrust approvals, the FTC or DOJ, and other state regulatory agencies will consider the effect of the Merger on competition and will likely condition their approval of the Merger on our and/or Kroger's agreement to various requirements, limitations, divestitures or impose restrictions on the conduct of the combined entity's business following the Merger. We cannot provide any assurance that we or Kroger will obtain the necessary approvals to complete the Merger. In addition, these requirements, limitations, divestitures, or restrictions may result in the delay or abandonment of the Merger. 
 
 At any time before or after completion of the Merger, notwithstanding the termination or expiration of the waiting period under the HSR Act, the FTC or DOJ or any other state regulatory agency could take such action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the completion of the Merger, seeking divestiture of substantial assets of us and/or Kroger, or requiring us or Kroger to agree to other remedies or requirements. We cannot be certain that a legal challenge to the Merger will not be made or that, if a legal challenge is made, we or Kroger will prevail. Failure to prevail in any legal challenge to the Merger may result in the delay or abandonment of the Merger. 
 
 While the Merger Agreement is in effect, we are subject to restrictions on our business activities. 
 
 While the Merger Agreement is in effect, we are generally required to conduct our business in the ordinary course consistent with past practices but are restricted from taking certain actions without Kroger's prior consent, which is not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. These limitations include, among other things, certain restrictions on our ability to amend our organizational documents, acquire other businesses and assets, dispose of our assets, make investments, repurchase, reclassify or issue securities, make loans, pay dividends, incur indebtedness, make capital expenditures, enter into, amend or terminate certain contracts, change accounting 
 18 

Table of Contents 

policies or procedures, initiate or settle certain litigation, change tax classifications and elections, or take certain actions relating to intellectual property. These restrictions could prevent us from pursuing strategic business opportunities and taking extraordinary actions with respect to our business during this period. 
 
 Litigation related to the Merger could prevent or delay completion of the Merger or otherwise negatively affect our businesses and operations. 
 
 Putative stockholder complaints, including stockholder class action complaints, demands for books and records and other complaints or actions may be filed against us, our board of directors, Kroger, Kroger's board of directors, and others in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The outcome of litigation is uncertain, and we may not be successful in defending against any such future claims. Lawsuits that may be filed against us, our board of directors, Kroger, or Kroger's board of directors could delay or prevent the Merger and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 The Merger may not be completed within the expected timeframe, or at all, and significant delay or the failure to complete the Merger could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We cannot assure that our business, our relationships or our financial condition will not be adversely affected if the Merger is not consummated within the expected timeframe, or at all. Failure to complete the Merger within the expected timeframe, or at all, could adversely affect our business and the market price of our common stock in several ways, including the following: 
 to the extent that the current market price of our common stock reflects an assumption that the Merger will be completed, it may be negatively impacted because of a failure to complete the Merger within the expected timeframe or at all; 
 investor and consumer confidence in our business could decline, litigation could be brought against us, relationships with vendors, service providers, investors and other business partners may be adversely impacted, and we may be unable to retain key personnel; 
 we have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs, expenses and fees for professional services and other costs in connection with the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger, for which we may receive little or no benefit if the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger are not completed. Many of these fees and costs will be payable by us even if the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger are not completed and may relate to activities that we would not have undertaken other than to complete the Merger and 
 failure to complete the Merger, may result in negative publicity and a negative impression of us in the investment community. 
 
 The occurrence of any of these events individually or in combination could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and our stock price. If the Merger is not completed, there can be no assurance that these risks will not materialize and will not materially adversely affect our stock price, business, financial conditions, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Industry 
 
 Competition in our industry is intense, and our failure to compete successfully may adversely affect our profitability and operating results. 
 
 The food and drug retail industry is large and dynamic, characterized by intense competition among a collection of local, regional and national participants. In addition to new entrants to the market, we face strong competition from existing supercenters, other brick and mortar food and/or drug retailers, club stores, dollar and discount stores, online retailers, specialty and niche supermarkets, drug stores, general merchandisers, wholesale stores, 
 19 

Table of Contents 

convenience stores, natural food stores, farmers' markets, local chains and stand-alone stores that cater to the individual cultural preferences of specific neighborhoods, restaurants, catering companies and home delivery and meal solution companies. Shifts in the competitive landscape, consumer preference or market share may have an adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. 
 
 As a result of consumers' growing desire to shop online, we also face increasing competition from both our existing competitors that have incorporated the internet as a direct-to-consumer channel and online providers that sell grocery products. In addition, we face increasing competition from online distributors of pharmaceutical products. Although we have accelerated the expansion of our digital business to offer our customers the ability to shop online for both home delivery through a variety of delivery providers and Drive Up Go curbside pickup, there is no assurance that these online initiatives will continue to be successful. In addition, these initiatives may have an adverse impact on our profitability as a result of lower gross margins or greater operating costs to compete. 
 
 Our ability to attract customers is dependent, in large part, upon a combination of channel preference, location, store conditions, quality, price, service, convenience and selection. In each of these areas, traditional and non-traditional competitors compete with us and may successfully attract our customers by matching or exceeding what we offer or by providing greater shopping convenience. In recent years, many of our competitors have aggressively added locations and adopted a multi-channel approach to marketing and advertising. Our responses to competitive pressures, such as additional promotions, increased advertising, additional capital investment including for development of our digital offerings and retail media network, could adversely affect our profitability and cash flow. We cannot guarantee that our competitive response will succeed in increasing or maintaining our share of retail food sales. 
 
 An increasingly competitive industry and, inflation and deflation in the prices of certain foods have made it difficult for food retailers to achieve positive identical sales growth on a consistent basis. We and our competitors have attempted to maintain or grow our respective share of retail food sales through capital and price investment, increased promotional activity and new and remodeled stores, creating a more difficult environment to consistently increase year-over-year sales. Some of our primary competitors are larger than us or have greater financial resources available to them and, therefore, may be able to devote greater resources to grow their share of retail food sales. Price investment by our competitors has also, from time to time, adversely affected our operating margins. 
 
 Our continued success to effectively compete in the food retail industry is dependent upon our ability to control operating expenses, including managing product and labor costs in an increasingly competitive labor market and health care and pension costs stipulated by our collective bargaining agreements. Several of our primary competitors are larger than we are, or are not subject to collective bargaining agreements, allowing them to more effectively leverage their fixed costs or more easily reduce operating expenses. Finally, we need to source, market and merchandise efficiently. Changes in our product mix also may negatively affect our profitability. Failure to accomplish our objectives could impair our ability to compete successfully and adversely affect our profitability. Profit margins in the food retail industry are low. In order to increase or maintain our profit margins, we develop operating strategies to increase revenues, increase gross margins and reduce costs, such as new marketing programs, new advertising campaigns, productivity improvements, shrink-reduction initiatives, distribution center efficiencies, manufacturing efficiencies, energy efficiency programs and other similar strategies. Our failure to achieve forecasted revenue growth, gross margin improvement or cost reductions could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and operating results. 
 
 We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services and our market share. 
 
 Because we face intense competition, we need to effectively anticipate and respond to changing consumer preferences and demands. It is difficult to predict consistently and successfully the products and services our customers will demand over time. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to evolving 
 20 

Table of Contents 

trends in demographics and preferences. Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences (including those relating to sourcing or sustainability of product sources or the packaging of such products) and spending patterns could lead us to offer our customers a mix of products or a level of pricing that they do not find attractive. This could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, leading them to reduce their visits to our stores and the amount they spend. Further, while we have significantly expanded our digital capabilities and grown our loyalty programs over the last several years, as technology advances, and as the way our customers interact with technology changes, we will need to continue to develop and offer digital, loyalty and media solutions that are both cost effective and compelling to our customers. Our failure to anticipate or respond to customer expectations for products, services, digital and loyalty programs would adversely affect the demand for our products and services and our market share and could have an adverse effect on our financial performance, margins and operating income. 
 
 Consolidation in the healthcare industry could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 Many organizations in the healthcare industry have consolidated to create larger healthcare enterprises with greater market power, which has resulted in increased pricing pressures. If this consolidation trend continues, it could give the resulting enterprises even greater bargaining power, which may lead to further pressure on the prices for our pharmacy products and services. If these pressures result in reductions in our prices, we will become less profitable unless we are able to achieve corresponding reductions in costs or develop profitable new revenue streams. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements, litigation and societal pressures will continue to cause the healthcare industry to evolve, potentially resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among the industry participants we engage with, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Certain risks are inherent in providing pharmacy products and services, and our insurance may not be adequate to cover any claims against us. 
 
 We currently operate 1,722 pharmacies. As a result, we are exposed to risks inherent in the packaging, dispensing, display, distribution and disposal of pharmaceuticals and other healthcare products, including risks of liability for products such as opioids. Although we maintain insurance against such liabilities, we cannot guarantee that the coverage limits under our insurance programs will be adequate to protect us against future claims, or that we will be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable terms in the future, or at all for healthcare and pharmaceutical liabilities. Our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows may be materially adversely affected if in the future our insurance coverage proves to be inadequate or unavailable, or there is an increase in the liability for which we self-insure, or we suffer harm to our reputation as a result of an error or omission. Also, our business operations and operating results could be materially adversely impacted by legislative, enforcement, regulatory, judicial and public policy changes. 
 
 We are subject to numerous federal and state regulations. Each of our in-store pharmacies must be licensed by the respective state government. The licensing requirements vary from state to state. An additional registration certificate must be granted by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, and, in some states, a separate controlled substance license must be obtained to dispense controlled substances. In addition, pharmacies selling controlled substances are required to maintain extensive records and often report information to state and federal agencies. If we fail to comply with existing or future laws and regulations, we could suffer substantial civil or criminal penalties, including the loss of our licenses to operate pharmacies and our ability to participate in federal and state healthcare programs. As a consequence of the severe penalties we could face, we must devote significant operational and managerial resources to complying with these laws and regulations. 
 
 Application of federal and state laws and regulations could subject our current practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality, or could require us to make significant changes to our operations. In addition, we cannot 
 21 

Table of Contents 

predict the impact of future legislation and regulatory changes on our pharmacy operations or assure that we will be able to obtain or maintain the regulatory approvals required to operate our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Supply Chain 
 
 Product and raw material supply disruptions, especially those related to fresh products, may have an adverse effect on our profitability and operating results. 
 
 Reflecting consumer preferences, we have a significant focus on fresh products. We rely on various suppliers and vendors to provide and deliver our fresh and other product inventory on a continuous basis and to supply the raw materials to manufacture certain of our Own Brands products. We could suffer significant fresh and other product inventory losses and significant lost revenue in the event of the loss or a shutdown of a major supplier or vendor, disruption of our distribution network, extended power outages, natural disasters, foreign conflicts or other catastrophic or unexpected occurrences such as a pandemic similar to COVID-19. As examples, in the past, we have observed that the supply of meat products was impacted by the shutdown of certain key production facilities due to workforce illness. Also, labor and transportation issues, stemming from COVID-19, continue to be felt along our supply chain. 
 
 Severe weather, natural disasters and other climate changes may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, wildfires, mudslides, winter storms, tornadoes, as well as other natural disasters in areas in which we have stores or distribution centers have caused and may cause physical damage to our properties, closure of one or more of our stores, manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, lack of an adequate work force, disruption in the manufacture and supply of products, disruption and delays in transportation and delivery of goods, reduction in customer traffic and generally a reduction in the availability of products in our stores. 
 
 In addition, adverse climate conditions, weather patterns and the impact of such conditions and patterns such as drought, flood, wildfires, mudslides and rising ambient temperatures adversely impact product cultivation conditions for farmers, ranchers and fishermen, including by disrupting ecosystems and severely altering the growing conditions, nutrient levels, soil moisture, and water availability necessary for the growth and cultivation of crops and raising of animals. As extreme shifts in climate conditions make it more difficult to raise and produce crops, livestock, and seafood, there may be a decrease in the product quality and the yield quantity of food products. Consequently, such a decreased food supply may adversely affect the availability or cost of certain products within the grocery supply chain, which could lead to shortages or reduced gross profit margins as such products become more expensive. At the global level, the impact of climate change on food supply is more likely to lead to food insecurity in countries which, unlike the United States, have climates insufficient to sustain diverse food production. Thus, there may be increased demand for agricultural exports from regions that experience production difficulties yet have sufficient wealth to purchase imports. This may impact the availability of products for us to purchase. 
 
 In addition, future legislative and regulatory efforts to combat climate change or other environmental issues could result in new or more stringent forms of oversight and mandatory or voluntary reporting, diligence and disclosure, which could increase costs, result in additional taxes and other expenses, and further impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Threats or potential threats to security of food and drug safety, the occurrence of a widespread health epidemic and/or pandemic or regulatory concerns in our supply chain may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Acts or threats, whether perceived or real, of war or terror or other criminal activity directed at the food and drug industry or the transportation industry, whether or not directly involving our stores, could increase our operating costs and operations, or impact general consumer behavior and consumer spending. Other events that give rise to 
 22 

Table of Contents 

actual or potential food contamination, drug contamination or food-borne illnesses, or a widespread regional, national or global health epidemic and/or pandemic could have an adverse effect on our operating results or disrupt production and delivery of the products we sell, our ability to appropriately and safely staff our stores and cause customers to avoid public gathering places or otherwise change their shopping behaviors. 
 
 We source our products from vendors and suppliers and related networks across the globe who may be subject to regulatory actions or face criticism due to actual or perceived social injustices, including human trafficking, non-sustainable practices, child labor or environmental, health and safety violations. A disruption in our supply chain due to any regulatory action or social injustice could have an adverse impact on our supply chain and ultimately our business, including potential harm to our reputation. 
 
 We could be affected if consumers lose confidence in the food supply chain or the quality and safety of our products. 
 
 We could be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products. Adverse publicity about these types of concerns, whether valid or not, may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. To the extent that a pathogen is food-borne, or perceived to be food-borne, future outbreaks may adversely affect the price and availability of certain food products and cause our customers to eat less of such products. In addition, recalls or withdrawals of food products, and in particular the food products we manufacture or are sold under any of our Own Brands product names, may involve costs to us or reputational harm to us. The real or perceived sale of contaminated food products by us could result in product liability claims, a loss of consumer confidence and product recalls, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Fuel prices and availability may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We currently operate 401 fuel centers that are adjacent to many of our store locations. As a result, we sell a significant amount of gasoline. Increased regulation or significant increases in wholesale fuel costs could result in lower gross margins on fuel sales, and demand could be affected by retail price increases as well as by concerns about the effect of emissions on the environment. We are unable to predict future regulations, environmental effects, political unrest, geopolitical tensions, hostilities or boycotts, acts of terrorism, the actions of major oil producing countries to regulate oil production and other matters that may affect the cost and availability of fuel, and how our customers will react, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Increased commodity prices may adversely impact our profitability. 
 
 We make in-store pricing decisions based on the competitive landscape. We also set our pricing based on the cost of doing business on a regional basis, as a result of occupancy and labor costs that vary by region. At the same time, we frequently discuss ways to lower our costs with our consumer packaged goods partners based upon our scale and sales momentum. Many of our own and sourced products include ingredients such as wheat, corn, oils, milk, sugar, proteins, cocoa and other commodities. Commodity prices can be volatile and commodities such as wheat and corn have been impacted by the armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Any increase in commodity prices may cause an increase in our input costs or the prices our vendors seek from us. Although we typically are able to pass on modest commodity price increases or mitigate vendor efforts to increase our costs, we may be unable to continue to do so, either in whole or in part, if commodity prices increase materially or there is significant inflationary pressures as in the current macroeconomic environment. Suppliers, like us, are incurring additional costs and may seek to pass those costs through to us. If we are forced to increase prices, our customers may reduce their purchases at our stores or trade down to less profitable products. Both may adversely impact our profitability as a result of reduced revenue or reduced margins. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Workforce 
 
 A significant majority of our employees are unionized, and our relationship with unions, including labor disputes or work stoppages, could have an adverse impact on our operations and financial results. 
 
 As of February 25, 2023, approximately 200,000 of our employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. During fiscal 2022, collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 115,000 employees expired and were successfully renegotiated. In fiscal 2023 collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 28,000 employees are scheduled to expire. In future negotiations with labor unions, we expect that health care, pension costs and/or contributions and wage costs, among other issues, will be important topics for negotiation. If, upon the expiration of such collective bargaining agreements, we are unable to negotiate acceptable contracts with labor unions, it could result in strikes by the affected workers and thereby significantly disrupt our operations. As part of our collective bargaining agreements, we may need to fund additional pension contributions, which would negatively impact our operating costs. Further, if we are unable to control health care and pension costs provided for in the collective bargaining agreements, we may experience increased operating costs and an adverse impact on our financial results. 
 
 Increased pension expenses, contributions and surcharges may have an adverse impact on our financial results. 
 
 We currently contribute to 27 multiemployer pension plans for a substantial majority of employees represented by unions pursuant to collective bargaining agreements that require us to contribute to these plans. Under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (the "PBGC") has the authority to petition a court to terminate an underfunded pension plan in limited circumstances. In the event that our defined benefit pension plans are terminated for any reason, we could be liable for the entire amount of the underfunding, as calculated by the PBGC based on its own assumptions (which would result in a larger obligation than that based on the actuarial assumptions used to fund such plans). Under ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the "Code"), the liability under these defined benefit plans is joint and several with all members of our control group, such that each member of our control group is potentially liable for the defined benefit plans of each other member of the control group. We continue to monitor any potential exposure to underfunded multiemployer plans. 
 
 Based on an assessment of the most recent information available, we believe that most of the multiemployer plans to which we contribute are underfunded, which is the amount by which the actuarial determined plan liabilities exceed the value of the plan assets. We are only one of a number of employers contributing to these plans and the underfunding of any of these plans to which we contribute are not our liability. Though we are not obligated nor the guarantor for any of the underfunding of multiemployer plans to which we contribute, as of December 31, 2022, we attempted to estimate our allocable share of the underfunding of multiemployer plans to which we contribute, based on the ratio of our contributions to the total of all contributions to these plans in a year. Our estimate of the Company's allocable share of the underfunding of multiemployer plans to which we contribute was 5.1 billion. Our estimate is based on the most current information available to us including actuarial evaluations and other data (that includes the estimates of others), and such information may be outdated or otherwise unreliable. Our estimate could also change based on the amount contributed to the plans, investment returns on the assets held in the plans, actions taken by trustees who manage the plans' benefit payments, interest rates, the amount of withdrawal liability payments made to the plans, if the employers currently contributing to these plans cease participation, and requirements under the Pension Protection Act of 2006, the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act of 2014 and applicable provisions of the Code. 
 
 The American Rescue Plan Act ("ARP Act"), which was signed into law on March 11, 2021, establishes a special financial assistance program for financially troubled multiemployer pension plans. Under the ARP Act, eligible multiemployer plans can apply to receive a one-time cash payment in the amount needed to pay pension benefits through the plan year ending 2051. We participate in 18 multiemployer plans that may be eligible for the special 
 24 

Table of Contents 

financial assistance. Under the PBGC guidance, these multiemployer plans can apply for assistance based on a priority designation set by the PBGC starting in March 2023 through March 2024. 
 
 In the event we were to exit certain markets or otherwise cease contributing to these plans, we could trigger a substantial withdrawal liability. Any accrual for withdrawal liability will be recorded when a withdrawal is probable and can be reasonably estimated, in accordance with GAAP. All trades or businesses in the employer's control group are jointly and severally liable for the employer's withdrawal liability. 
 
 We are also the sponsors of defined benefit retirement plans for certain employees. We recognize a liability for the underfunded status of our sponsored employer defined benefit plans as a component of pension and post-retirement benefit obligations. The funded status of these plans is a significant factor in determining annual pension expense and cash contributions to fund the plans. Unfavorable investment performance, increased pension expense and cash contributions may have an adverse impact on our financial results. 
 
 See "Part II Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 12" for more information relating to these pension plans. 
 
 The minimum wage continues to increase and is subject to factors outside of our control. Changes to wage regulations could have an impact on our future results of operations. 
 
 A considerable number of our employees are paid at rates related to the federal minimum wage. Additionally, many of our stores are located in states, including California, where the minimum wage is greater than the federal minimum wage and where a considerable number of employees receive compensation equal to the state's minimum wage which are also slated to increase over the next few years. As examples, in California and Massachusetts, where we employed 73,500 and 11,500 associates, respectively, as of February 25, 2023, the current minimum wage was increased to 15.50 per hour and 15.00 per hour, respectively, effective January 1, 2023. Moreover, municipalities may set minimum wages above the applicable state standards. Increases in the federal minimum wage or the enactment of additional state or local minimum wage increases could increase our labor costs, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The food retail industry is labor intensive. Our ability to meet our labor needs, while controlling wage and labor-related costs, is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of qualified persons in the workforce in the local markets in which we are located, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, attitudes toward employment in the food and drug retail industry, the perception of our corporate values and business strategy, health and other insurance costs, the impact of the Merger and changes in employment and labor laws. Such laws related to employee hours, wages, job classification and benefits could significantly increase our operating costs. In the event of increasing wage rates, if we fail to increase our wages competitively, the quality of our workforce could decline, causing our customer service to suffer, while increasing wages for our employees could cause our gross margins to decrease. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of meeting our business needs and expectations, our business and brand image may be impaired. Any failure to meet our staffing needs or any material increase in turnover rates of our employees may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Failure to attract and retain qualified associates could materially adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to successfully execute our business strategy. 
 
 Our ability to continue to conduct and expand our operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified associates. Our ability to meet our labor needs, including our ability to find qualified personnel to fill positions that become vacant at our existing stores and distribution centers, while controlling our associate wage and related labor costs, is generally subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of 
 25 

Table of Contents 

a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force of the markets in which we operate, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, attitudes toward employment in the food and drug retail industry, the perception of our corporate values and business strategy, health and other insurance costs, the impact of the Merger and adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations. If we are unable to locate, to attract or to retain qualified personnel, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our financial performance may be adversely affected. 
 
 The continued successful implementation of our business strategy depends in large part upon the ability and experience of members of our senior management. In addition, our financial performance is dependent on our ability to identify, hire, train, motivate and retain qualified management, technical, sales and marketing and retail personnel. If we lose the services of members of our senior management or are unable to continue to attract and retain the necessary personnel, we may not be able to successfully execute our business strategy, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Unfavorable changes in government regulation may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We must comply with various federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and administrative practices such as those regulating health and sanitation standards, food labeling, energy, environmental, equal employment opportunity, minimum wages, pension, health insurance and other welfare plans and licensing for the sale of food, drugs and alcoholic beverages. 
 
 We cannot predict either the nature of future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, or their effect on our future business. In addition, governmental or regulatory changes could require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards, the recall or discontinuance of certain products, additional record keeping, expanded documentation of the properties of certain products, expanded or different labeling and/or scientific substantiation or a decrease in government assistance programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ("SNAP") that our customers use to purchase products. For example, the temporary boost to SNAP benefits put in place during the COVID-19 pandemic, known as emergency allotments, ended nationwide in February 2023. Any or all of such requirements could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Tax matters could adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions. 
 
 We may be affected by higher rates of federal, state, or local tax imposed as a result of political developments or economic conditions, which could affect our effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate and future tax liability could be adversely affected by regulatory and legal changes, the results of tax audits and examinations, and changes in accounting principles and interpretations relating to tax matters, all of which could negatively impact our business. In addition, changes in tax rates, tax laws, and regulations that impact our customers or the economy generally may also impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Unfavorable changes in, failure to comply with or increased costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations could adversely affect us. The storage and sale of petroleum products could cause disruptions and expose us to potentially significant liabilities. 
 
 Our operations, including our 401 fuel centers, are subject to various laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the storage, management, disposal and cleanup of hazardous materials. Some environmental laws, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and similar state statutes, impose strict, and under certain circumstances joint and several, liability for costs to remediate a contaminated site, and also impose liability for damages to natural resources. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Third-party claims in connection with releases of or exposure to hazardous materials relating to our current or former properties or third-party waste disposal sites can also arise. In addition, the presence of contamination at any of our properties could impair our ability to sell or lease the contaminated properties or to borrow money using any of these properties as collateral. The costs and liabilities associated with any such contamination could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Under current environmental laws, we may be held responsible for the remediation of environmental conditions regardless of whether we lease, sublease or own the stores or other facilities and regardless of whether such environmental conditions were created by us or a prior owner or tenant. In addition, the increased focus on climate change, waste management and other environmental issues may result in new environmental laws or regulations that negatively affect us directly or indirectly through increased costs on our suppliers. There can be no assurance that environmental contamination relating to prior, existing or future sites or other environmental changes will not adversely affect us through, for example, business interruption, cost of remediation or adverse publicity. 
 
 We are subject to, and may in the future be subject to, legal or other proceedings that could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 From time to time, we are a party to legal proceedings, including matters involving personnel and employment issues, personal injury, antitrust claims based on both federal and state law, packaging or product claims, claims related to the sale of drug or pharmacy products, such as opioids, claims invoking consumer-protection statutes, intellectual property claims and other proceedings arising in or outside of the ordinary course of business. In addition, there are a steady number of cases being filed against companies generally, including class-action allegations under federal and state wage and hour laws, especially in California. We estimate our exposure to these legal proceedings and establish reserves for the estimated liabilities. Assessing and predicting the outcome of these matters involves substantial uncertainties. Although not currently anticipated by management, unexpected outcomes in these legal proceedings or changes in management's forecast assumptions or predictions could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance to address potential liabilities for workers' compensation, automobile and general liability, property risk (including earthquake and flood coverage), director and officers' liability, employment practices liability, pharmacy liability, employee health care benefits and cyber and terrorism risks. 
 
 We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance to address potential liabilities for workers' compensation, automobile and general liability, property risk (including earthquake and flood coverage), director and officers' liability, employment practices liability, pharmacy liability, employee health care benefits and cyber and terrorism risks. We estimate the liabilities associated with the risks retained by us, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic and severity factors and other actuarial assumptions which, by their nature, are subject to a high degree of variability. Among the causes of this variability are unpredictable external factors affecting future inflation rates, discount rates, litigation trends, legal interpretations, benefit level changes and claim settlement patterns. The majority of our workers' compensation liability is from claims occurring in California, where workers' compensation has received intense scrutiny from the state's politicians, insurers, employers and providers, as well as the public in general. If other states adopt workers' compensation programs similar to California s, then our workers compensation liability may increase which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Information Security, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy 
 
 We may be adversely affected by risks related to our dependence on IT systems. Any future changes to or intrusion into these IT systems, even if we are compliant with industry security standards, could materially adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We have complex information technology systems that are important to the success of our business operations, financial reporting and marketing initiatives. Our information systems are subject to outages, unplanned downtime, program transitions, breakdowns, ransomware attacks, viruses, malicious programs and other cyber incidents. If we fail to timely or successfully mitigate such adverse events affecting these systems, or experience difficulties accessing the proprietary business data stored in these systems, or in maintaining, expanding or upgrading existing systems or implementing new systems, we could incur significant losses to our business and operations. These risks may be further exacerbated by the deployment and continued refinement of cloud-based enterprise solutions. In a cloud computing environment, we could be subject to outages by third-party service providers and security breaches to their systems, which we may have little control over. Unauthorized parties have obtained in the past, and may in the future obtain access to cloud-based platforms used by many retailers. 
 
 Improper activities by third parties, exploitation of encryption technology, new data-hacking tools and discoveries and other events or developments may result in future intrusions into or compromise of our networks, payment card terminals or other payment systems. 
 
 We regularly defend against and respond to data security incidents. While we are vigilant in monitoring the security of our information technology systems, we may not be able to prevent all unauthorized access or remediate the impact of such unauthorized access. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently and often cannot be recognized until launched against a target; accordingly, we may not be able to anticipate these frequently changing techniques, implement adequate preventive measures for all of them or remediate any unauthorized access on a timely basis. In addition, the recent geopolitical conflict in Ukraine may increase the risk of cyberattacks which could impact our operations. Any unauthorized access into our customers' sensitive information, data belonging to us or our vendors or employee data, even if we are compliant with industry security standards, could put us at a competitive disadvantage, result in deterioration of our customers', vendors' and employees' confidence in us and subject us to investigations, required notifications, potential litigation, liability, fines and penalties and consent decrees, resulting in a possible material adverse impact on our brand, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As a merchant that accepts debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to the Payment Card Industry ("PCI") Data Security Standard ("PCI DSS"), issued by the PCI Council. PCI DSS contains compliance guidelines and standards with regard to security surrounding the physical administrative and technical storage, processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. By accepting debit cards for payment, we are also subject to compliance with American National Standards Institute ("ANSI") data encryption standards and payment network security operating guidelines. Failure to be PCI compliant or to meet other payment card standards may result in the imposition of financial penalties or the allocation by the card brands of the costs of fraudulent charges to us. As well, the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act ("FACTA") requires systems that print payment card receipts to employ personal account number truncation so that the consumer's full account number is not viewable on the slip. Despite our efforts to comply with these or other payment card standards and other information security measures, we cannot be certain that all of our IT systems will be able to prevent, contain or detect all cyber-attacks or intrusions. To the extent that any disruption results in the loss, damage or misappropriation of information, we may be adversely affected by claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card associations and others. In addition, privacy and information security laws and standards continue to evolve and could expose us to further regulatory burdens. The cost of complying with stricter laws and standards, including PCI DSS, ANSI and FACTA data encryption standards and the California Privacy Rights Act and other state laws, could be significant. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

The loss of confidence from a data security incident involving our customers, employees or vendors could hurt our reputation and cause customer retention and employee recruiting challenges. 
 
 We receive and store personal information in connection with our business including from processing credit card data, digital marketing, and human resources records. The protection of our customer, employee and vendor data is critically important to us. Despite our considerable efforts to secure, upgrade and maintain our computer networks, our information security could be compromised, and customer, employee and vendor confidential information could be misappropriated whether as a result of cyberattacks on our information systems, the information systems hosted by third party providers or otherwise. If we experience a data security incident, we could be exposed to government enforcement actions, ransomware claims, loss of business information, negative publicity and possible claims from customers, associates, financial institutions, payment card associations, In addition, our customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information, which could cause them to stop shopping at our stores altogether. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our indebtedness. 
 
 As of February 25, 2023, we had approximately 8.5 billion of debt outstanding (other than finance lease obligations), and, subject to our borrowing base, we would have been able to borrow an additional 2.9 billion under our asset-based loan ("ABL") facility (the "ABL Facility"). As of February 25, 2023, we and our subsidiaries had approximately 0.5 billion of finance lease obligations. 
 
 Our indebtedness could have important consequences. For example, it could: 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes, including acquisitions; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds. 
 
 In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance any of our debt or that we will be able to refinance our debt on commercially reasonable terms. If we were unable to make payments or refinance our debt or obtain new financing under these circumstances, we would have to consider other options, such as: 
 sales of assets; 
 sales of equity; or 
 negotiations with our lenders to restructure the applicable debt. 
 
 Our debt instruments may restrict, or market or business conditions may limit, our ability to obtain additional indebtedness, refinance our indebtedness or use some of our options. 
 
 We may incur substantially more debt in the future. 
 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. The terms of the credit agreement that governs the ABL Facility and the indentures that govern our indebtedness, as disclosed in 
 29 

Table of Contents 

"Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 12", permit us to incur significant additional debt, subject to certain limitations. If new indebtedness is added to our and our subsidiaries' current debt levels, the related risks that we and they now face would increase. 
 
 To service our indebtedness, we require a significant amount of cash, and our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 
 Our ability to make cash payments on and to refinance the indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate significant operating cash flow in the future, as described in the section entitled "Part II Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This ability is, to a significant extent, subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. 
 
 Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. In any such circumstance, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness, on or before maturity. We may not be able to refinance any indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we cannot service our indebtedness, we may have to take actions such as selling assets, seeking additional equity or reducing or delaying capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions and investments. Any such action, if necessary, may not be effected on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The instruments governing our indebtedness may restrict our ability to sell assets and our use of the proceeds from such sales. 
 
 If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants in the instruments governing our indebtedness, we could be in default under the terms of the agreements governing such indebtedness. In the event of such default, the holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, the lenders under our credit agreement, or any replacement revolving credit facility in respect thereof, could elect to terminate their revolving commitments thereunder, cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 
 On February 15, 2023, we entered into a LIBOR Transition Amendment with the lenders under the ABL Facility, which, among other things, replaced LIBOR with a term SOFR (of terms of one, three or six months, or if available, other periods of twelve months or less). Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates, and SOFR over time may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. It is possible that the volatility of and uncertainty around SOFR as a LIBOR replacement rate could increase loan rates and borrowing costs under the ABL Facility. 
 
 Our debt instruments limit our flexibility in operating our business. 
 
 Our debt instruments contain various covenants that limit our and our restricted subsidiaries' ability to engage in specified types of transactions. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our debt instruments. Any debt agreements we enter into in the future may further limit our ability to enter into certain types of transactions. In addition, certain of the covenants governing the ABL Facility and our existing notes restrict, among other things, our and our restricted subsidiaries' ability to: 
 incur additional indebtedness or provide guarantees in respect of obligations of other persons; 
 pay dividends on, repurchase stock from or make distributions to our stockholders, or make other restricted payments or make certain investments; 
 prepay, redeem or repurchase debt; 
 make loans, investments and capital expenditures; 
 30 

Table of Contents 

sell or otherwise dispose of certain assets; 
 incur liens; 
 engage in sale leaseback transactions; 
 restrict dividends, loans or asset transfers from our subsidiaries; 
 consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; 
 enter into a new or different line of business; and 
 enter into certain transactions with our affiliates. 
 
 In addition, the restrictive covenants in our ABL Facility require us, in certain circumstances, to maintain a specific fixed charge coverage ratio. Our ability to meet that financial ratio can be affected by events beyond our control, and there can be no assurance that we will meet it. A breach of this covenant could result in a default under such facilities. Moreover, the occurrence of a default under our ABL Facility could result in an event of default under our other indebtedness. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under our ABL Facility, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the ABL Facility to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. Even if we are able to obtain new financing, it may not be on commercially reasonable terms, or terms that are acceptable to us. 
 
 Increases in interest rates, a downgrade of our credit ratings and/or instability in the credit market could negatively affect our financing costs and our ability to access capital. 
 
 We have exposure to future interest rates based on the variable rate debt under our ABL Facility and to the extent we raise additional debt in the capital markets to meet maturing debt obligations, to fund our capital expenditures and working capital needs and to finance future acquisitions. Daily working capital requirements are typically financed with operational cash flow and through the use of our ABL Facility. The interest rate on these borrowing arrangements is generally determined from the inter-bank offering rate at the borrowing date plus a pre-set margin. Significant and sustained increases in market interest rates could materially increase our financing costs and negatively impact our reported results. 
 
 We rely on access to bank and capital markets as sources of liquidity for cash requirements not satisfied by cash flows from operations. A downgrade in our credit ratings from the internationally recognized credit rating agencies could negatively affect our ability to access the bank and capital markets, especially in a time of uncertainty in either of those markets. A rating downgrade could also impact our ability to grow our business by substantially increasing the cost of, or limiting access to, capital. 
 
 We may have liability under certain operating leases that were assigned to third parties. 
 
 We may have liability under certain operating leases that were assigned to third parties. If any of these third parties fail to perform their obligations under the leases, we could be responsible for the lease obligation. Due to the wide dispersion among third parties and the variety of remedies available, we believe that if an assignee became insolvent it would not have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock 
 
 The price of our common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you may suffer a decline in value. 
 
 The market price of our common stock is volatile and may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 
 uncertainties related to the pendency of the Merger; 
 31 

Table of Contents 

if a substantial number of shares of our common stock becomes available for sale and are sold in a short period of time, the market price of our common stock could decline; 
 the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock, or changes in financial estimates by analysts; 
 if one or more securities analysts downgrade our shares or if those analysts issue a sell recommendation or other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about us or our business; 
 changes in, or investors' perception of, the food and drug retail industry; 
 the activities of competitors; 
 future issuances and sales of our common stock, including in connection with acquisitions; 
 future sales of our common stock by our largest stockholder, 
 our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry; 
 the public's reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 
 regulatory or legal developments in the U.S.; 
 litigation involving us, our industry, or both; and 
 general economic conditions, including the impact of inflation. 
 
 In addition, the stock market often experiences extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. As a result of these factors, you may suffer a decline in value. 
 
 Our largest stockholder is Cerberus, which may have conflicts of interest with other stockholders in the future. 
 
 Cerberus controls in the aggregate approximately 26 of our common stock and Cerberus has the right to designate four directors on our board of directors. As a result, Cerberus may be able to influence (i) the election of our directors, (ii) our corporate and management policies and (iii) other matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. The interests of Cerberus may not coincide with the interests of other holders of our common stock. Additionally, Cerberus is in the business of making investments in companies and may, from time to time, acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Cerberus may also pursue, for its own account, acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. So long as Cerberus continues to own a significant amount of the outstanding shares of our common stock, Cerberus will continue to be able to strongly influence our decisions. 
 
 Provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management, even if beneficial to our stockholders. 
 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended ("certificate of incorporation"), and our amended and restated bylaws ("bylaws") may restrict the ability of stockholders to make changes in our governance that they may consider advantageous or desirable. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt by our stockholders to replace members of our management team. Examples of such provisions are as follows: 
 the authorized number of our directors may be increased or decreased only by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the then-outstanding shares of our common stock or by resolution of our board of directors; 
 the manner in which stockholders can remove directors from the board is limited; 
 stockholder actions must be effected at a duly called stockholder meeting and actions by our stockholders by written consent will be prohibited; 
 limits on who may call stockholder meetings; 
 32 

Table of Contents 

requirements on any stockholder (or group of stockholders acting in concert) who seeks to nominate directors for election to submit a list of "related party transactions" with the proposed nominee(s) (as if such nominating person were a registrant pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K, and the proposed nominee was an executive officer or director of the "registrant"); and 
 our board of directors is authorized to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to institute a "poison pill" that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquiror, effectively preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our board of directors. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined by our board of directors at the time of issuance or fixed by resolution without further action by the stockholders. These terms may include voting rights, preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion rights, redemption rights, and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of preferred stock could diminish the rights of holders of our common stock, and therefore could reduce the value of our common stock. In addition, specific rights granted to holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with, or sell assets to, a third party. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock could delay, discourage, prevent, or make it more difficult or costly to acquire or effect a change in control, thereby preserving the current stockholders' control. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (b) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders; (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have received notice of and consented to the foregoing provisions. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds more favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find this choice of forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Because the applicability of the exclusive forum provision is limited to the extent permitted by law, we do not intend that the exclusive forum provision would apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Additionally, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 
 
 Our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders is restricted by applicable laws and regulations and requirements under certain of our securities and debt agreements, including the ABL Facility, and our existing notes. 
 
 Holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive such cash dividends as our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. We have established a dividend policy 
 33 

Table of Contents 

pursuant to which we intend to pay a quarterly dividend on our common stock, which currently is 0.12 per common share. Our board of directors may change or eliminate the payment of future dividends to our common stockholders at its discretion, without notice to our stockholders. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be dependent on a variety of factors, including our financial condition, earnings, legal requirements, contractual obligations, our general liquidity needs, and other factors that our board deems relevant. 
 
 Our ability to declare and pay dividends to our stockholders is subject to certain laws, regulations, and policies, including minimum capital requirements and, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to certain restrictions on dividends under the DGCL. Under the DGCL, our board of directors may not authorize payment of a dividend unless it is either paid out of our surplus, as calculated in accordance with the DGCL, or if we do not have a surplus, it is paid out of our net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. 
 
 Finally, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders may be limited by contractual obligations or covenants in any financing arrangements that we are currently a party to, including the ABL Facility and our existing notes, or may enter into in the future. As a consequence of these various limitations and restrictions, we may not be able to make, or may have to reduce or eliminate at any time, the payment of dividends on our common stock. 
 
 Our stockholders may be diluted by the future issuance of additional common stock in connection with our equity incentive plans, acquisitions or otherwise. 
 
 As of February 25, 2023, we had approximately 409,031,400 shares of Class A common stock and 150,000,000 shares of Class A-1 common stock authorized but unissued under our certificate of incorporation, excluding 2,903,200 shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock. We are authorized to issue these shares of common stock and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to common stock for consideration and on terms and conditions established by our board of directors in its sole discretion, whether in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. 
 
 We have reserved a maximum of 43,563,800 shares of our common stock for issuance under existing awards of restricted stock units (following the conversion of our outstanding phantom units granted under our phantom unit plan) and for awards that may be issued under the Incentive Plan. Any common stock that we issue, including under our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan or other equity incentive plans that we may adopt in the future, may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 
 
 In the future, we may also issue our securities, including shares of our common stock, in connection with investments or acquisitions. We regularly evaluate potential acquisition opportunities, including ones that would be significant to us. The amount of shares of our common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of common stock. Any issuance of additional securities in connection with investments or acquisitions may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 

Item 1B - Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Item 2 - Properties 
 
 As of February 25, 2023, we operated 2,271 stores located in 34 states and the District of Columbia as shown in the following table: 
 Location Number of stores Location Number of stores Location Number of stores Alaska 25 Iowa 1 North Dakota 1 Arizona 134 Louisiana 16 Oregon 121 Arkansas 1 Maine 19 Pennsylvania 50 California 589 Maryland 68 Rhode Island 8 Colorado 105 Massachusetts 76 South Dakota 3 Connecticut 7 Montana 39 Texas 208 Delaware 18 Nebraska 5 Utah 6 District of Columbia 12 Nevada 51 Vermont 19 Hawaii 23 New Hampshire 26 Virginia 39 Idaho 44 New Jersey 87 Washington 215 Illinois 183 New Mexico 34 Wyoming 15 Indiana 4 New York 19 
 
 The following table summarizes our stores by size as of February 25, 2023: 
 Square Footage Number of stores Percent of total Less than 30,000 219 9.6 30,000 to 50,000 779 34.3 More than 50,000 1,273 56.1 Total stores 2,271 100.0 
 
 We own or ground-lease approximately 39 of our operating stores and 51 of our industrial properties (distribution centers, warehouses and manufacturing plants). 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Boise, Idaho. We own our headquarters. The premises is approximately 250,000 square feet in size. In addition to our corporate headquarters, we have corporate offices in Pleasanton, California, Phoenix, Arizona and Plano, Texas. We believe our properties are well maintained, in good operating condition and suitable for operating our business. 

Item 3 - Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is subject from time to time to various claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business, including lawsuits involving trade practices, lawsuits alleging violations of state and/or federal wage and hour laws (including alleged violations of meal and rest period laws and alleged misclassification issues), real estate disputes and other matters. Some of these claims or suits purport or may be determined to be class actions and/or seek substantial damages. It is the opinion of the Company's management that although the amount of liability with respect to certain of the matters described herein cannot be ascertained at this time, any resulting liability of these and other matters, including any punitive damages, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's business or overall financial condition. See also the matters under the caption Legal Proceedings in "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 14." 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

The Company continually evaluates its exposure to loss contingencies arising from pending or threatened litigation and believes it has made provisions where the loss contingency is probable and can be reasonably estimated. Nonetheless, assessing and predicting the outcomes of these matters involves substantial uncertainties. While management currently believes that the aggregate estimated liabilities currently recorded are reasonable, it remains possible that differences in actual outcomes or changes in management's evaluation or predictions could arise that could be material to the Company's results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 Our operations are subject to regulation under environmental laws, including those relating to waste management, air emissions and underground storage tanks. In addition, as an owner and operator of commercial real estate, we may be subject to liability under applicable environmental laws for clean-up of contamination at our facilities. SEC regulations require us to disclose certain environmental matters arising under federal, state or local environmental provisions if we reasonably believe that such proceedings may result in monetary sanctions above a stated threshold. Pursuant to SEC regulations, we use a threshold of 1 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required. 

Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5 - Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 
 The Company's Class A common stock began trading on the NYSE on June 26, 2020 under the symbol "ACI." Prior to that date, there was no public market for the Company's Class A common stock. As of April 21, 2023, there were 78 holders of record of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph shows a comparison of the total cumulative stockholder return on our Class A common stock with the total return for (i) the S P 500 Index, (ii) the S P 500 Retailing Index and (iii) the newly selected S P 500 Retail Composite Index for the period from June 26, 2020 (the date our Class A common stock commenced trading on the NYSE) through February 25, 2023. The S P 500 Retail Composite Index will replace the S P 500 Retailing Index to align with the peer group used in our Proxy Statement. The graph assumes an investment of 100 in our Class A common stock at market close on June 26, 2020 and the reinvestment of dividends. The comparisons in the table are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our Class A common stock. 

6/26/20 9/12/20 2/27/21 9/11/21 2/26/22 9/10/22 2/25/23 ACI 100.00 91.59 105.93 198.74 198.34 199.99 186.27 S P 500 100.00 111.03 126.66 148.17 145.72 139.81 137.55 S P 500 Retailing 100.00 115.51 119.26 138.73 126.98 117.54 100.14 S P 500 Retail Composite 100.00 115.16 118.97 139.92 131.03 122.55 107.09 
 
 37 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 We did not repurchase any shares of our Class A common stock during fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 
 During fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, certain holders of Convertible Preferred Stock converted approximately 1,349,186 and 350,814 shares of Convertible Preferred Stock, respectively, into approximately 78,339,120 and 20,369,582 shares of Class A common stock, respectively, which were issued from the Company's treasury stock account. Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2022, a holder of the Company's Convertible Preferred Stock converted the remaining 50,000 shares of Convertible Preferred Stock into 2,903,200 shares of the Company's Class A common stock. Each share of Convertible Preferred Stock was convertible at a rate of 58.064 shares of Class A common stock (with cash delivered in lieu of any fractional shares of Class A common stock). The shares of Class A common stock were issued in exchange for Convertible Preferred Stock in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"), under Section 3(a)(9) of the Act. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Item 6 - [Reserved] 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes found in "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Form 10-K, as well as "Part II Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 26, 2022 filed with the SEC on April 26, 2022 , which provides comparisons of fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in the section entitled "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" set forth in Part I and in Item 1A. "Risk Factors." 
 
 Our last three fiscal years consisted of the 52 weeks ended February 25, 2023 ("fiscal 2022"), the 52 weeks ended February 26, 2022 ("fiscal 2021") and the 52 weeks ended February 27, 2021 ("fiscal 2020"). In this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Albertsons Companies, Inc., the words "Albertsons," the "Company," "we," "us," "our" and "ours" refer to Albertsons Companies, Inc., together with its subsidiaries. 
 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY - FISCAL 2022 OVERVIEW 
 
 We are one of the largest food retailers in the United States, with 2,271 stores across 34 states and the District of Columbia as of February 25, 2023. We operate 24 banners including Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Pavilions, Randalls, Tom Thumb, Carrs, Jewel-Osco, Acme, Shaw's, Star Market, United Supermarkets, Market Street, Haggen, Kings Food Markets and Balducci's Food Lovers Market , with approximately 290,000 talented and dedicated employees, as of February 25, 2023, who serve on average 34.7 million customers each week. Additionally, as of February 25, 2023, we operated 1,722 pharmacies, 1,328 in-store branded coffee shops, 401 adjacent fuel centers, 22 dedicated distribution centers, 19 manufacturing facilities and various digital platforms. 
 
 Merger Agreement 
 
 On October 13, 2022, the Company, Kroger and Merger Sub entered into the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company (the "Merger"), with the Company surviving the Merger as the surviving corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. 
 
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (i) each share of Class A common stock of the Company issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the "Effective Time"), shall be converted automatically at the Effective Time into the right to receive from Parent 34.10 per share in cash, without interest, and (ii) each share of Series A preferred stock of the Company issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted automatically at the Effective Time into the right to receive from Parent 34.10 per share in cash on an as-converted basis, without interest. The 34.10 per share is subject to certain reductions as described in "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2". 
 
 The Company has filed with the SEC a definitive information statement on Schedule 14C with respect to the approval of the Merger and commenced mailing of the definitive information statement to the Company's stockholders on April 21, 2023. You may obtain copies of all documents filed by the Company with the SEC regarding this transaction, free of charge, at the SEC's website, www.sec.gov or from the Company's website at https://www.albertsonscompanies.com/investors/overview/. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Special Dividend 
 
 On October 13, 2022, we declared a special cash dividend of 6.85 per share of Class A common stock (the "Special Dividend"), payable to stockholders of record, including holders of Series A preferred stock on an as-converted basis, as of the close of business on October 24, 2022, and was originally scheduled to be paid on November 7, 2022. As discussed in "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 9", on January 17, 2023 the temporary restraining order issued by the courts of the State of Washington was lifted, and on January 20, 2023, the Special Dividend of 3,916.9 million was paid. 
 
 Fiscal 2022 highlights 
 
 In summary, our financial and operating highlights for fiscal 2022 include: 
 Identical sales increased 6.9 
 Digital sales increased 28 
 Loyalty members increased 15 to over 34 million 
 Net income of 1,514 million, or 2.27 per Class A common share 
 Adjusted net income of 1,965 million, or 3.37 per Class A common share 
 Adjusted EBITDA of 4,677 million 
 Operating cash flows of 2,854 million 
 Continued modernization of our store fleet, including completing 173 remodels and opening five new stores 
 
 Stores 
 
 The following table shows stores operating, acquired, opened and closed during the periods presented: 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Stores, beginning of period 2,276 2,277 2,252 Acquired (1) 3 26 Opened 5 7 9 Closed (10) (11) (10) Stores, end of period 2,271 2,276 2,277 
 (1) Fiscal 2021 includes one store acquired from Kings and Balducci's in fiscal 2020 that transferred to us in fiscal 2021. 
 The following table summarizes our stores by size: 
 Number of Stores Percent of Total Retail Square Feet (1) Square Footage February 25, 2023 February 26, 2022 February 25, 2023 February 26, 2022 February 25, 2023 February 26, 2022 Less than 30,000 219 221 9.6 9.7 5.0 5.0 30,000 to 50,000 779 781 34.3 34.3 32.6 32.7 More than 50,000 1,273 1,274 56.1 56.0 75.2 75.3 Total Stores 2,271 2,276 100.0 100.0 112.8 113.0 
 (1) In millions, reflects total square footage of retail stores operating at the end of the period. 
 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 We define EBITDA as generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") earnings (net loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. We define Adjusted EBITDA as earnings (net loss) before interest, 
 41 

Table of Contents 

income taxes, depreciation and amortization, further adjusted to eliminate the effects of items management does not consider in assessing our ongoing core performance. We define Adjusted net income as GAAP net income adjusted to eliminate the effects of items management does not consider in assessing our ongoing core performance. We define Adjusted net income per Class A common share as Adjusted net income divided by the weighted average diluted Class A common shares outstanding, as adjusted to reflect all restricted stock units and awards outstanding for the period, as well as the conversion of Convertible Preferred Stock when it is antidilutive for GAAP. 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted net income and Adjusted net income per Class A common share (collectively, the "Non-GAAP Measures") are performance measures that provide supplemental information we believe is useful to analysts and investors to evaluate our ongoing results of operations, when considered alongside other GAAP measures such as net income, operating income, gross margin and net income per Class A common share. These Non-GAAP Measures exclude the financial impact of items management does not consider in assessing our ongoing core operating performance, and thereby provide useful measures to analysts and investors of our operating performance on a period-to-period basis. Other companies may have different definitions of Non-GAAP Measures and provide for different adjustments, and comparability to our results of operations may be impacted by such differences. We also use Adjusted EBITDA for board of director and bank compliance reporting. Our presentation of Non-GAAP Measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. 
 
 Non-GAAP Measures should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Non-GAAP Measures only for supplemental purposes. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following information summarizes the components of our Consolidated Statements of Operations for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. 
 Summary of Consolidated Statements of Operations (dollars in millions, except per share data) : 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Net sales and other revenue 77,649.7 100.0 71,887.0 100.0 69,690.4 100.0 Cost of sales 55,894.1 72.0 51,164.6 71.2 49,275.9 70.7 Gross margin 21,755.6 28.0 20,722.4 28.8 20,414.5 29.3 Selling and administrative expenses 19,596.0 25.2 18,300.5 25.5 18,835.8 27.0 Gain on property dispositions and impairment losses, net (147.5) (0.2) (15.0) (38.8) (0.1) Operating income 2,307.1 3.0 2,436.9 3.3 1,617.5 2.4 Interest expense, net 404.6 0.5 481.9 0.7 538.2 0.8 Loss on debt extinguishment 3.7 85.3 0.1 Other income, net (33.0) (148.2) (0.2) (134.7) (0.2) Income before income taxes 1,935.5 2.5 2,099.5 2.8 1,128.7 1.7 Income tax expense 422.0 0.5 479.9 0.7 278.5 0.4 Net income 
 1,513.5 2.0 1,619.6 2.1 850.2 1.3 Basic net income per Class A common share 2.29 2.73 1.53 Diluted net income per Class A common share 2.27 2.70 1.47 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Net Sales and Other Revenue 
 Net sales and other revenue increased 5,762.7 million, or 8.0 , from 71,887.0 million in fiscal 2021 to 77,649.7 million in fiscal 2022. The increase in Net sales and other revenue in fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021 was driven by our 6.9 increase in identical sales and higher fuel sales, with retail price inflation, growth in pharmacy and our 28 increase in digital sales as the primary drivers of the identical sales increase. The components of the change in Net sales and other revenue for fiscal 2022 were as follows (in millions): 
 Fiscal 2022 Net sales and other revenue for fiscal 2021 
 71,887.0 Identical sales increase of 6.9 
 4,593.4 Increase in fuel sales 1,110.1 Decrease in sales due to store closures, net of new store openings (32.4) Other, net 91.6 Net sales and other revenue for fiscal 2022 
 77,649.7 
 
 Identical Sales, Excluding Fuel 
 Identical sales include stores operating during the same period in both the current year and the prior year, comparing sales on a daily basis. Direct to consumer digital sales are included in identical sales, and fuel sales are excluded from identical sales. Acquired stores become identical on the one-year anniversary date of the acquisition. Identical sales results, on an actual basis, for the past three fiscal years were as follows: 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Identical sales, excluding fuel 6.9 (0.1) 16.9 
 
 The following table represents Net sales and other revenue by product type (in millions): 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Amount (1) of Total Amount (1) of Total Non-perishables (2) 
 39,142.4 50.4 36,486.7 50.8 Fresh (3) 25,585.4 32.9 24,636.8 34.3 Pharmacy 6,769.3 8.7 5,823.3 8.1 Fuel 4,857.6 6.3 3,747.5 5.2 Other (4) 1,295.0 1.7 1,192.7 1.6 Total 77,649.7 100.0 71,887.0 100.0 
 (1) Digital related sales are included in the categories to which the revenue pertains. 
 (2) Consists primarily of general merchandise, grocery, dairy and frozen foods. 
 (3) Consists primarily of produce, meat, deli and prepared foods, bakery, floral and seafood. 
 (4) Consists primarily of wholesale revenue to third parties, commissions and other miscellaneous revenue. 
 
 Gross Margin 
 
 Gross margin represents the portion of Net sales and other revenue remaining after deducting the Cost of sales during the period, including purchase and distribution costs. These costs include, among other things, purchasing and sourcing costs, inbound freight costs, product quality testing costs, warehousing and distribution costs, Own Brands program costs and digital-related delivery and handling costs. Advertising, promotional expenses and vendor allowances are also components of Cost of sales. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Gross margin rate decreased 80 basis points to 28.0 in fiscal 2022 compared to 28.8 in fiscal 2021. Excluding the impacts of fuel and LIFO, gross margin rate decreased 46 basis points. Pharmacy operations drove approximately half of the rate decrease with the remaining decrease being the result of increases in product, shrink and supply chain costs, as well as increases in picking and delivery costs related to the continued growth in digital sales, partially offset by the benefits of ongoing productivity initiatives. The decrease in rate related to pharmacy operations was primarily due to fewer COVID-19 vaccines in fiscal 2022. We administered approximately 4.1 million COVID-19 vaccinations during fiscal 2022, compared to approximately 11.0 million during fiscal 2021. 
 
 Selling and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling and administrative expenses consist primarily of store level costs, including wages, employee benefits, rent, depreciation and utilities, in addition to certain back-office expenses related to our corporate and division offices. 
 
 Selling and administrative expenses decreased 30 basis points to 25.2 of Net sales and other revenue in fiscal 2022 from 25.5 in fiscal 2021. Excluding the impacts of fuel and the withdrawal from the Combined Plan, Selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of Net sales and other revenue decreased eight basis points during fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. The decrease in Selling and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to the benefit of ongoing productivity initiatives, lower COVID-19 related expenses and sales leverage, partially offset by incremental legal and regulatory accruals and settlements, higher employee costs, investments related to the acceleration of our digital and omnichannel capabilities and merger-related costs. The increase in employee costs was the result of market-driven wage rate increases and higher equity-based compensation expense. 
 
 Gain on Property Dispositions and Impairment Losses, Net 
 
 For fiscal 2022, net gain on property dispositions and impairment losses was 147.5 million, primarily driven by 152.6 million of gains from the sale of real estate assets, partially offset by 5.1 million of asset impairments. For fiscal 2021, net gain on property dispositions and impairment losses was 15.0 million, primarily driven by 44.6 million of gains from the sale of assets, partially offset by 31.1 million of asset impairments, primarily related to right-of-use assets and intangible assets. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Interest expense, net was 404.6 million in fiscal 2022 compared to 481.9 million in fiscal 2021. The decrease in Interest expense, net was primarily due to higher interest income, as well as lower average interest rates. The weighted average interest rate was 5.3 and 5.5 during fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively, excluding amortization of debt discounts and deferred financing costs. 
 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 
 There was no Loss on debt extinguishment during fiscal 2022. During fiscal 2021, we redeemed the remaining 200.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding (the "2025 Redemption") of our 5.750 senior unsecured notes due September 2025 (the "2025 Notes"), using cash on hand, at a redemption price of 101.438 of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded a 3.7 million loss on debt extinguishment related to the 2025 Redemption, comprised of a 2.9 million redemption premium and a 0.8 million write-off of deferred financing costs. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Other Income, Net 
 
 For fiscal 2022, other income, net was 33.0 million primarily driven by non-service cost components of net pension and post-retirement income and income related to our equity investment, partially offset by unrealized losses from non-operating investments. For fiscal 2021, other income, net was 148.2 million primarily driven by non-service cost components of net pension and post-retirement income, realized and unrealized gains from non-operating investments and income related to our equity investment, partially offset by unrealized losses from non-operating investments. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Income tax expense was 422.0 million, representing a 21.8 effective tax rate, in fiscal 2022, and 479.9 million, representing a 22.9 effective tax rate, in fiscal 2021. The favorability in the effective tax rate during fiscal 2022 was primarily driven by the recognition of discrete income tax benefits related to expired statutes and audit settlements, as well as certain tax credits. 
 
 Net Income and Adjusted Net Income 
 
 Net income was 1,513.5 million or 2.27 per share during fiscal 2022 compared to 1,619.6 million or 2.70 per share during fiscal 2021. Adjusted net income was 1,965.1 million, or 3.37 per share, during fiscal 2022 compared to 1,781.0 million, or 3.07 per share, during fiscal 2021. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 4,677.0 million, or 6.0 of Net sales and other revenue, during fiscal 2022 compared to 4,398.4 million, or 6.1 of Net sales and other revenue, during fiscal 2021. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 The following tables reconcile Net income to Adjusted net income, and Net income per Class A common share to Adjusted net income per Class A common share (dollars in millions, except per share data): 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Numerator: Net income 1,513.5 1,619.6 850.2 Adjustments: (Gain) loss on interest rate swaps and energy hedges, net (d) 
 (8.4) (22.8) 16.9 Business transformation (1)(b) 78.3 56.6 58.0 Equity-based compensation expense (b) 138.3 101.2 59.0 Gain on property dispositions and impairment losses, net (147.5) (15.0) (38.8) LIFO expense (a) 268.0 115.2 58.7 Discretionary COVID-19 pandemic related costs (2)(b) 
 134.6 Government-mandated incremental COVID-19 pandemic related pay (3)(b) 
 10.8 57.9 1.8 Civil disruption related costs (4)(b) 13.0 Transaction and reorganization costs related to Convertible Preferred Stock issuance and initial public offering (b) 23.8 Merger-related costs (5)(b) 56.5 Certain legal and regulatory accruals and settlements, net (b) 100.7 (31.0) 12.0 Amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs (c) 16.8 23.2 20.3 Loss on debt extinguishment 3.7 85.3 Amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions (b) 50.9 48.5 55.8 Combined Plan and UFCW National Fund withdrawal (6)(b) (19.0) (106.3) 892.9 Miscellaneous adjustments (7)(f) 52.1 (23.8) 3.0 Tax impact of adjustments to Adjusted net income (145.9) (46.0) (355.1) Adjusted net income 1,965.1 1,781.0 1,891.4 Denominator: Weighted average Class A common shares outstanding - diluted 534.0 475.3 578.1 Adjustments: Convertible Preferred Stock (8) 42.7 97.7 Restricted stock units and awards (9) 5.9 7.4 6.3 Adjusted weighted average Class A common shares outstanding diluted 582.6 580.4 584.4 Adjusted net income per Class A common share - diluted 3.37 3.07 3.24 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Net income per Class A common share - diluted 2.27 2.70 1.47 Convertible Preferred Stock (8) 0.36 0.13 Non-GAAP adjustments (10) 0.78 0.28 1.80 Restricted stock units and awards (9) (0.04) (0.04) (0.03) Adjusted net income per Class A common share - diluted 3.37 3.07 3.24 
 
 The following table is a reconciliation of Adjusted net income to Adjusted EBITDA: 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Adjusted net income (11) 1,965.1 1,781.0 1,891.4 Tax impact of adjustments to Adjusted net income 145.9 46.0 355.1 Income tax expense 422.0 479.9 278.5 Amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs (c) (16.8) (23.2) (20.3) Interest expense, net 404.6 481.9 538.2 Amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions (b) (50.9) (48.5) (55.8) Depreciation and amortization (e) 1,807.1 1,681.3 1,536.9 Adjusted EBITDA 4,677.0 4,398.4 4,524.0 
 (1) Includes costs associated with third-party consulting fees related to our operational priorities and associated business transformation, as well as closures of operating facilities. 
 (2) Includes 44.7 million in bonus payments to front-line associates during the third quarter of fiscal 2020. Also includes 53 million of charitable contributions to our communities for hunger relief and 36.9 million in final reward payments to front-line associates at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2020. 
 (3) Represents temporary incremental pay that was legislatively required in certain municipalities in which we operate. 
 (4) Primarily includes costs related to store damage, inventory losses and community support as a result of the civil disruption during late May 2020 and early June 2020 in certain markets. 
 (5) Primarily relates to third-party advisor fees and retention program expense related to the proposed Merger with Kroger and costs in connection with our previously-announced Board-led review of potential strategic alternatives. 
 (6) Related to the Combined Plan during the second quarter of fiscal 2022, fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 and the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, and the withdrawal from the UFCW National Fund during the third quarter of fiscal 2020. See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 12" for more information. 
 (7) Miscellaneous adjustments include the following (see table below): 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Non-cash lease-related adjustments 5.6 9.7 5.3 Lease and lease-related costs for surplus and closed stores 22.7 27.5 46.0 Net realized and unrealized loss (gain) on non-operating investments 25.2 (57.8) (85.1) Other (i) (1.4) (3.2) 36.8 Total miscellaneous adjustments 52.1 (23.8) 3.0 
 (i) Primarily includes adjustments for unconsolidated equity investments, certain contract terminations and other costs not considered in our core performance. 
 (8) Represents the conversion of Convertible Preferred Stock to the fully outstanding as-converted Class A common shares as of the end of each respective period, for periods in which the Convertible Preferred Stock is antidilutive under GAAP. Fiscal 2022 reflects the impact of the Special Dividend that is attributable to the holders of Convertible Preferred Stock on an as-converted basis. 
 (9) Represents incremental unvested RSUs and unvested RSAs to adjust the diluted weighted average Class A common shares outstanding during each respective period to the fully outstanding RSUs and RSAs for each respective period. 
 (10) Reflects the per share impact of Non-GAAP adjustments for each period. See the reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted net income above for further details. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

(11) See the reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted net income above for further details. 
 Non-GAAP adjustment classifications within the Consolidated Statements of Operations: 
 (a) Cost of sales 
 (b) Selling and administrative expenses 
 (c) Interest expense, net 
 (d) (Gain) loss on interest rate swaps and energy hedges, net: 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Cost of sales (4.8) (15.9) (2.4) Selling and administrative expenses 4.8 (3.6) (0.2) Other income, net (8.4) (3.3) 19.5 Total (Gain) loss on interest rate swaps and energy hedges, net (8.4) (22.8) 16.9 
 
 (e) Depreciation and amortization: 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Cost of sales 162.7 164.7 172.6 Selling and administrative expenses 1,644.4 1,516.6 1,364.3 Total Depreciation and amortization 1,807.1 1,681.3 1,536.9 
 
 (f) Miscellaneous adjustments: 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Selling and administrative expenses 28.9 32.7 74.4 Other income, net 23.2 (56.5) (71.4) Total Miscellaneous adjustments 52.1 (23.8) 3.0 

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES 
 
 The following table sets forth the major sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash for each period (in millions): 
 February 25, 2023 February 26, 2022 February 27, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 463.8 2,952.6 1,767.6 Cash flows provided by operating activities 2,853.9 3,513.4 3,902.5 Cash flows used in investing activities (1,977.3) (1,538.9) (1,572.0) Cash flows used in financing activities (3,365.4) (789.5) (1,041.8) 
 
 Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 2,853.9 million during fiscal 2022 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 3,513.4 million during fiscal 2021. The decrease in cash flow from operating activities during fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 was due to changes in working capital primarily related to inventory and accounts payable. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in Adjusted EBITDA and less cash paid for interest and income taxes during fiscal 2022. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2022 was 1,977.3 million primarily due to payments for property, equipment and intangibles of 2,156.7 million, partially offset by proceeds primarily from the sale of real estate assets of 195.2 million. Payments for property, equipment and intangibles included continued investment in our digital and technology platforms, the completion of 173 remodels and the opening of five new stores. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2021 was 1,538.9 million primarily due to payments for property, equipment and intangibles of 1,594.8 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of assets of 51.9 million. Payments for property, equipment and intangibles included the completion of 236 remodels, the opening of 10 new stores and continued investment in our digital and technology platforms. 
 
 In fiscal 2023, we expect capital expenditures to be in the range of 2.0 billion to 2.1 billion. 
 
 Net Cash Used In Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 3,365.4 million in fiscal 2022 primarily consisting of dividends paid on our Class A common stock and Convertible Preferred Stock, including the 3,916.9 million payment of the Special Dividend during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, partially offset by the 1,400.0 million borrowing and 400.0 million subsequent partial repayment of the ABL Facility in respect of the Special Dividend. Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt and payments on long-term debt also included a 750 million issuance and subsequent 750 million redemption of senior unsecured notes (as further discussed below under the caption Debt Management ). 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 789.5 million in fiscal 2021 primarily consisting of payments on long-term debt and finance leases of 408.9 million and dividends paid on our Class A common stock and Convertible Preferred Stock. Payments on long-term debt principally consisted of the 2025 Redemption and the full payment on our Safeway 4.75 notes at maturity. 
 
 See "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 7 and Note 9" for additional information. 
 
 Debt Management 
 
 Total debt, including both the current and long-term portions of finance lease obligations, net of debt discounts and deferred financing costs, increased 945.0 million to 8,910.1 million as of the end of fiscal 2022 compared to 7,965.1 million as of the end of fiscal 2021. 
 
 Outstanding debt, including current maturities, net of debt discounts and deferred financing costs, principally consisted of (in millions): 
 February 25, 2023 Senior Unsecured Notes, Safeway Inc. Notes and New Albertson's L.P. Notes 7,347.5 ABL Facility 1,000.0 Finance lease obligations 517.1 Other financing obligations and mortgage notes payable 45.5 Total debt, including finance leases 8,910.1 
 On November 2, 2022, we provided notice to the lenders to borrow 1,400.00 million under the amended and restated senior secured asset-based loan facility (as amended, the "ABL Facility"), which together with cash on hand was to be used to fund the payment of the Special Dividend during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. As of 
 49 

Table of Contents 

February 25, 2023, we had 1,000.0 million of borrowings that remained outstanding under the ABL Facility and total availability of 2,946.7 million (net of letter of credit usage). 
 On February 13, 2023, we completed the issuance of 750.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.500 senior unsecured notes due February 15, 2028 (the "New 2028 Notes"). Interest on the New 2028 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on August 15, 2023. On February 15, 2023, proceeds from the New 2028 Notes, together with approximately 7.1 million of cash on hand, were used to (i) repay in full all 750.0 million outstanding of our 3.50 senior unsecured notes due February 15, 2023 and (ii) pay fees and expenses related to the issuance of the New 2028 Notes. 
 During fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, there were no financial maintenance covenants in effect under the ABL Facility because the conditions had not been met. 
 
 See "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 7" for additional information. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The holders of Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to a quarterly dividend at a rate per annum of 6.75 of the liquidation preference per share of the Convertible Preferred Stock. In addition, the holders of Convertible Preferred Stock will participate in cash dividends that we pay on our common stock to the extent that such cash dividends exceed 206.25 million per fiscal year. Cash dividends paid to holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock were 65.3 million, 114.6 million and 66.0 million during fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. On March 15, 2023, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.8 million to holders of Convertible Preferred Stock, which was paid on March 31, 2023. 
 
 We have established a dividend policy pursuant to which we intend to pay a quarterly dividend on our Class A common stock. Cash dividends paid on our Class A common stock were 255.1 million 0.48 per common share), 207.4 million 0.44 per common share) and 93.7 million 0.20 per common share) during fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. On April 11, 2023, we announced the next quarterly dividend payment of 0.12 per share of Class A common stock to be paid on May 10, 2023 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 26, 2023. 
 
 On October 13, 2022, we declared the Special Dividend, payable to stockholders of record, including holders of Series A preferred stock on an as-converted basis, as of the close of business on October 24, 2022, and was originally scheduled to be paid on November 7, 2022. As discussed in Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 9, on January 17, 2023 the temporary restraining order issued by the courts of the State of Washington was lifted, and on January 20, 2023, the Special Dividend of 3,916.9 million was paid. 
 
 Liquidity and Factors Affecting Liquidity 
 
 Based on current operating trends, we believe that we have significant sources of cash to meet our liquidity needs for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future, including cash on hand, cash flows from operating activities and other sources of liquidity, including borrowings under our ABL Facility. We estimate our liquidity needs over the next 12 months to be in the range of 5,200 million to 6,200 million. This includes 1,000.0 million related to outstanding borrowings under our ABL Facility for which we may, at our discretion, elect to pay all or a portion of the outstanding balance within the next 12 months; and anticipated requirements for incremental working capital, incremental merger costs, including costs related to the separation and establishment of SpinCo, capital expenditures, pension obligations, interest payments, quarterly dividends on Class A common stock and Convertible Preferred Stock, operating leases and finance leases. In addition, we may enter into refinancing and sale leaseback transactions from time to time. We believe we have adequate cash flow to continue to maintain our current debt ratings and to respond effectively to competitive conditions. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

The table below presents our material cash requirements as of February 25, 2023 (in millions) (1) : 
 Payments Due Per Year Total 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 Thereafter Long-term debt (2) 8,483.7 1,000.9 31.0 4,416.7 3,035.1 Estimated interest on long-term debt (3) 2,138.6 451.0 779.3 604.3 304.0 Operating leases (4) 8,568.7 953.4 1,854.3 1,528.6 4,232.4 Finance leases (4) 744.8 104.8 195.7 137.3 307.0 Other obligations (5) 1,836.7 450.8 477.5 216.0 692.4 Purchase obligations (6) 480.3 226.9 183.5 17.3 52.6 Total contractual obligations 22,252.8 3,187.8 3,521.3 6,920.2 8,623.5 
 (1) The cash requirements table excludes funding of pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, which totaled 27.3 million in fiscal 2022 and is expected to total approximately 18 million in fiscal 2023. This table also excludes recurring contributions under various multiemployer pension plans, which totaled 546.5 million in fiscal 2022 and is expected to total approximately 570 million in fiscal 2023. 
 (2) Long-term debt amounts exclude any debt discounts and deferred financing costs. See "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 7" for additional information. 
 (3) Amounts include contractual interest payments using the stated fixed interest rate or the variable interest rate in effect as of February 25, 2023. See "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 7" for additional information. 
 (4) Represents the minimum rents payable under operating and finance leases, excluding common area maintenance, insurance or tax payments, for which we are obligated. 
 (5) Consists of self-insurance liabilities, which have not been reduced by insurance-related receivables, as well as payment obligations related to the Combined Plan and the UFCW National Fund. The table excludes the unfunded pension and postretirement benefit obligation of 302.6 million. The potential settlement payments related to unrecognized tax benefits have been excluded from the contractual obligations table because a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of future tax settlements cannot be determined. Also excludes deferred tax liabilities and certain other deferred liabilities that will not be settled in cash. 
 (6) Purchase obligations include various obligations that have specified purchase commitments. As of February 25, 2023, future purchase obligations primarily relate to fixed asset, marketing and information technology commitments, including fixed price contracts. In addition, not included in the contractual obligations table are supply contracts to purchase product for resale to consumers which are typically of a short-term nature with limited or no purchase commitments. We also enter into supply contracts which typically include either volume commitments or fixed expiration dates, termination provisions and other customary contractual considerations. The supply contracts that are cancelable have not been included above. 
 
 Multiemployer Pension Plans 
 
 We currently contribute to 27 multiemployer plans which provide retirement benefits to participants based on their service to contributing employers. The benefits are paid from assets held in trust for that purpose and the respective plan trustees are responsible for determining the level of benefits to be provided to participants, the management of the plan assets and plan administration. We continue to monitor any potential exposure to underfunded multiemployer plans for our associates who are beneficiaries of these plans. The underfunding of any of these plans to which we contribute are not our liability and though we are not obligated nor the guarantor for any of the underfunding, we have estimated, based on the ratio of our contributions to the total of all contributions to these plans, our allocable share of the underfunding (the amount by which the actuarial determined plan liabilities exceed the value of the plan assets) of these multiemployer plans to which we contribute to be approximately 5.1 billion. 
 
 The American Rescue Plan Act ("ARP Act") establishes a special financial assistance program for financially troubled multiemployer pension plans. Under the ARP Act, eligible multiemployer plans can apply to receive a one-time cash payment in the amount projected by the PBGC to pay pension benefits through the plan year ending 2051. The payment received by the multiemployer plan under this special financial assistance program would not be considered a loan and would not need to be paid back. Any financial assistance received by the multiemployer plan would need to be segregated from the other assets of the multiemployer plans and invested in investment grade bonds or other investments permitted by the PBGC. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Of the 27 multiemployer plans to which we contribute, 18 plans are classified as "Critical" or "Critical and Declining" and potentially eligible for some level of relief under the special financial assistance program through the ARP Act. On July 9, 2021, the PBGC issued its interim final rule with respect to the special financial assistance program. The PBGC interim final rule provides direction on the application requirements, identifies which plans will have priority, eligibility requirements, the determination of the amount of financial assistance to be provided and establishes conditions and restrictions that apply to plans that receive assistance. During the second quarter of fiscal 2022, the PBGC issued the final rule with respect to the special financial assistance program which allowed for both additional funding and the investment of one third of the special financial assistance funds into return-seeking investments. Though the amount of financial assistance that each of these 18 plans could receive will vary by plan, we currently estimate that these 18 plans represent over 90 of the 5.1 billion estimated underfunding. Under the PBGC guidance, these multiemployer plans can apply for assistance based on a priority designation set by the PBGC starting in March 2023 through March 2024. We expect the special financial assistance program under these regulations to provide the funding for these plans to remain solvent for at least the next 25 to 30 years and continue to provide benefits to our associates who are beneficiaries of these multiemployer plans. 
 
 We will continue to make our contributions based on collective bargaining agreements for each of the multiemployer plans to which we contribute. Our contributions to multiemployer plans were 546.5 million, 523.7 million and 524.0 million during fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively, and we expect to contribute approximately 570 million in fiscal 2023. Refer to "Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors" and "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 12" for additional information. 
 
 Guarantees 
 
 We are party to a variety of contractual agreements pursuant to which we may be obligated to indemnify the other party for certain matters. These contracts primarily relate to our commercial contracts, operating leases and other real estate contracts, trademarks, intellectual property, financial agreements and various other agreements. Under these agreements, we may provide certain routine indemnifications relating to representations and warranties (for example, ownership of assets, environmental or tax indemnifications) or personal injury matters. The terms of these indemnifications range in duration and may not be explicitly defined. We believe that if we were to incur a loss in any of these matters, the loss would not have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 
 We are liable for certain operating leases that were assigned to third parties. If any of these third parties fail to perform their obligations under the leases, we could be responsible for the lease obligation. Because of the wide dispersion among third parties and the variety of remedies available, we believe that if an assignee became insolvent it would not have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into various supply contracts to purchase products for resale and purchase and service contracts for fixed asset and information technology commitments. We have also entered into fixed price contracts to purchase electricity and natural gas for a portion of our energy needs. These contracts typically include volume commitments or fixed expiration dates, termination provisions and other standard contractual considerations. 
 
 Letters of Credit 
 
 We had letters of credit of 53.3 million outstanding as of February 25, 2023. The letters of credit are maintained primarily to support our performance, payment, deposit or surety obligations. We typically pay bank fees of 1.25 plus a fronting fee of 0.125 on the face amount of the letters of credit. 

NEW ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 See "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 1" for new accounting pronouncements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 We have chosen accounting policies that we believe are appropriate to report accurately and fairly our operating results and financial position, and we apply those accounting policies in a fair and consistent manner. See "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 1" for a discussion of our significant accounting policies. 
 
 Management believes the following critical accounting policies reflect its more subjective or complex judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Self-Insurance Liabilities 
 
 We are primarily self-insured for workers' compensation, property, automobile and general liability. The self-insurance liability is undiscounted and determined actuarially, based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. We have established stop-loss amounts that limit our further exposure after a claim reaches the designated stop-loss threshold. In determining our self-insurance liabilities, we perform a continuing review of our overall position and reserving techniques. Since recorded amounts are based on estimates, the ultimate cost of all incurred claims and related expenses may be more or less than the recorded liabilities. 
 
 Any actuarial projection of self-insured losses is subject to a high degree of variability. Litigation trends, legal interpretations, benefit level changes, claim settlement patterns and similar factors influenced historical development trends that were used to determine the current year expense and, therefore, contributed to the variability in the annual expense. However, these factors are not direct inputs into the actuarial projection, and thus their individual impact cannot be quantified. 
 
 Long-Lived Asset Impairment 
 
 We regularly review our individual stores' operating performance, together with current market conditions, for indications of impairment. When events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an individual store's assets may not be recoverable, its future undiscounted cash flows are compared to the carrying value. If the carrying value of store assets to be held and used is greater than the future undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized to record the assets at fair value. For property and equipment held for sale, we recognize impairment charges for the excess of the carrying value plus estimated costs of disposal over the fair value. Fair values are based on discounted cash flows or current market rates. These estimates of fair value can be significantly impacted by factors such as changes in the current economic environment and real estate market conditions. Long-lived asset impairment losses were 5.1 million, 31.1 million and 30.2 million in fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and certain regulatory matters. We record a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. We also perform an assessment of the materiality of loss contingencies where a loss is either reasonably possible or it is reasonably possible that an estimated liability could materially change. If a loss or change in the estimated liability has at least a reasonable possibility of occurring and the impact on the financial statements would be material, we provide disclosure of the 
 53 

Table of Contents 

nature of the uncertainty and estimate of possible loss or range of loss to the extent such estimate can be made. We review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and whether a reasonable estimate of the loss can be made. The assessment of the outcome of litigation can be very difficult to predict as it is subject to legal processes that are highly complex, subject to many factors, including those that are not within our control, and highly dependent on individual facts and circumstances. While management currently believes that the estimated liabilities currently recorded are reasonable, it remains possible that differences in actual outcomes or changes in management's evaluation or predictions could arise that could be material to our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, although we are not able to predict the outcome or reasonably estimate a range of possible losses in certain matters described in Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 14" and have not recorded an associated accrual related to these matters, an adverse judgment of negotiated settlement in these matters could be material to our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risk from a variety of sources, including changes in interest rates and energy prices. We have from time to time selectively used derivative financial instruments to reduce these market risks. Our market risk exposures related to interest rates and energy prices are discussed below. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk and Long-Term Debt 
 
 We are exposed to market risk from fluctuations in interest rates. From time to time, we manage our exposure to interest rate fluctuations through the use of interest rate swaps. At the time of entering into interest rate swap contracts, our risk management objective and strategy is to utilize them to protect us against adverse fluctuations in interest rates by reducing our exposure to variability in cash flows relating to interest payments on a portion of our outstanding debt. The interest rate swaps are not designated as cash flow hedges, and as a result, changes in the fair value of these instruments are recognized in earnings. Our exposure to changes in LIBOR, or Term SOFR beginning on February 13, 2023, primarily relates to our ABL Facility which had a 1,000.0 million outstanding balance as of February 25, 2023. All of our interest rate swaps expired in March 2023 and used LIBOR as the benchmark we hedged. Therefore, we estimate that a 100 basis point increase on our variable interest rates would increase our interest expense by approximately 10 million per year. 
 
 The table below provides information about debt instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates, and presents principal amounts due and related weighted average interest rates by expected maturity dates (dollars in millions): 
 Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Thereafter Total Fair Value Long-Term Debt Fixed Rate - Principal payments 
 0.9 16.9 14.1 2,760.1 1,656.6 3,035.1 7,483.7 7,009.1 Weighted average interest rate (1) 
 6.13 4.61 1.5 4.94 6.29 4.89 5.21 Variable Rate - Principal payments 
 1,000.0 1,000.0 1,000.0 Weighted average interest rate (1) 
 6.08 0 0 0 0 0 6.08 
 (1) Excludes debt discounts and deferred financing costs. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Energy Price Risk 
 
 We have entered into fixed price contracts to purchase electricity and natural gas for a portion of our energy needs. We expect to take delivery of these commitments in the normal course of business, and, as a result, these commitments qualify as normal purchases. We also manage our exposure to changes in diesel prices utilized in our distribution process through the use of short-term heating oil derivative contracts. These contracts are economic hedges of price risk and are not designated or accounted for as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. Changes in the fair value of these instruments are recognized in earnings. We do not believe that these energy swaps would cause a material change to our financial position. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Albertsons Companies, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Albertsons Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders' equity for the 52 weeks ended February 25, 2023, February 26, 2022, and February 27, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended February 25, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of February 25, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated April 25, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Self-Insurance Liabilities Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company is primarily self insured for workers' compensation, property, automobile, and general liability. The self insurance liability is undiscounted and determined actuarially, based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. The Company has established stop loss amounts that limit the Company's further exposure after a claim reaches the designed stop-loss threshold. In determining the Company s self-insurance liabilities, management performs a continuing review of its overall position and reserving techniques. Self insurance liabilities as of February 25, 2023, were 1,234.1 million. 
 
 We identified the Company's self insurance liabilities as a critical audit matter because estimating projected settlement value of reported and unreported claims involves significant estimation by management. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our actuarial specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate whether self insurance liabilities were appropriately recorded as of February 25, 2023. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company's self insurance liabilities included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls related to self insurance liabilities, including management's controls over the projection of settlement value of reported and unreported claims; management's controls over the review of the actuarial report and evaluation of the external actuarial expert's qualifications, competency, and objectivity; and evaluation of the underlying data sent to the external actuary. 
 We evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to estimate the self insurance liabilities by: 
 Reading the Company's insurance policies and comparing the coverage and terms to the assumptions used by management. 
 Testing the underlying data that served as the basis for the actuarial analysis, including historical claims, to test that the inputs to the actuarial estimate were accurate and complete. 
 With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we: 
 Compared management's prior year assumptions of expected development and ultimate loss to actuals incurred during the current year to identify potential bias in the determination of the self insurance liabilities. 
 Developed an independent expectation of the self insurance liabilities and compared our estimates to the amounts recorded by management. 
 Evaluated the key assumptions and methodologies used by management to determine the self insurance liabilities. 
 Evaluated the qualifications of the Company's external actuary by assessing their certifications and determining whether they met the Qualification Standards of the American Academy of Actuaries to render the statements of actuarial opinion implicit in their analyses. 
 
 /s/ 

April 25, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2006. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Albertsons Companies, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Albertsons Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of February 25, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of February 25, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended February 25, 2023, of the Company and our report dated April 25, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Boise, Idaho 
 April 25, 2023 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in millions, except share data) 

February 25, 2023 February 26, 2022 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories, net Prepaid assets Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued salaries and wages Current maturities of long-term debt and finance lease obligations Current operating lease obligations Current portion of self-insurance liability Taxes other than income taxes Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt and finance lease obligations Long-term operating lease obligations Deferred income taxes Long-term self-insurance liability Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies Series A convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, respectively 
 Series A-1 convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of February 25, 2023 and shares issued and outstanding as of February 26, 2022 
 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Undesignated preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, respectively 
 Class A-1 convertible common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost, and shares held as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (Accumulated deficit) retained earnings ) Total stockholders' equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 (in millions, except per share data) 

 9.9 
 52 weeks ended February 25, 2023 52 weeks ended February 26, 2022 52 weeks ended February 27, 2021 Net sales and other revenue Cost of sales Gross margin Selling and administrative expenses Gain on property dispositions and impairment losses, net ) ) ) Operating income Interest expense, net Loss on debt extinguishment Other income, net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Recognition of pension gain Other ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income Net income per Class A common share: Basic net income per Class A common share Diluted net income per Class A common share Weighted average Class A common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in millions) 

 52 weeks ended February 25, 2023 52 weeks ended February 26, 2022 52 weeks ended February 27, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Gain on property dispositions and impairment losses, net ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets amortization 
 LIFO expense 
 Deferred income tax 
 ) Pension and post-retirement benefits income ) ) ) Contributions to pension and post-retirement benefit plans 
 ) ) ) (Gain) loss on interest rate swaps and energy hedges, net ) ) Deferred financing costs Loss on debt extinguishment Equity-based compensation expense 
 Other operating activities 
 ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisition of businesses: 
 Receivables, net 
 ) ) Inventories, net 
 ) ) Accounts payable, accrued salaries and wages and other accrued liabilities 
 ) Operating lease liabilities 
 ) ) ) Pension withdrawal liabilities ) ) Self-insurance assets and liabilities 
 Other operating assets and liabilities 
 ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Payments for property, equipment and intangibles, including lease buyouts ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Other investing activities 
 ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in millions) 

 52 weeks ended February 25, 2023 52 weeks ended February 26, 2022 52 weeks ended February 27, 2021 Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, including ABL facility Payments on long-term borrowings, including ABL facility ) ) ) Payments of obligations under finance leases 
 ) ) ) Payment of redemption premium on debt extinguishment ) ) Payments for debt financing costs 
 ) ) ) Special dividend paid ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid on convertible preferred stock ) ) ) Proceeds from convertible preferred stock Third party issuance costs on convertible preferred stock ) Treasury stock purchase, at cost ) Employee tax withholding on vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Other financing activities 
 ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 Reconciliation of capital investments: 
 Payments for property, equipment and intangibles, including payments for lease buyouts ) ) ) Lease buyouts ) ) Total payments for capital investments, excluding lease buyouts 
 ) ) ) Supplemental cash flow information: Non-cash investing and financing activities were as follows: 
 Additions of finance lease obligations, excluding business acquisitions 
 Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable 
 Interest and income taxes paid: 
 Interest paid, net of amount capitalized 
 Income taxes paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (in millions, except share data) 

 Class A Common Stock Additional paid in capital Treasury Stock Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Accumulated deficit) retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of February 29, 2020 ) ) Issuance of common stock to Company's parents Equity-based compensation Shares issued and employee tax withholding on vesting of restricted stock units ) ) Equity reclassification Repurchase of common stock ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock per common share) 
 ) ) Dividends accrued on convertible preferred stock ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Other activity ) ) Balance as of February 27, 2021 ) Equity-based compensation Shares issued and employee tax withholding on vesting of restricted stock units ) ) Convertible preferred stock conversions ) Cash dividends declared on common stock per common share) 
 ) ) Dividends accrued on convertible preferred stock ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Other activity ) ) Balance as of February 26, 2022 ) Equity-based compensation Shares issued and employee tax withholding on vesting of restricted stock units ) ) Convertible preferred stock conversions ) ) ) Special dividend declared 6.85 per share) 
 ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock per common share) 
 ) ) Dividends accrued on convertible preferred stock ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Other activity ) ) Balance as of February 25, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1 - 
 
 retail stores together with associated fuel centers, dedicated distribution centers, manufacturing facilities and various digital platforms. The Company's retail food businesses and in-store pharmacies operate throughout the United States under 24 banners including Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Pavilions, Randalls, Tom Thumb, Carrs, Jewel-Osco, Acme, Shaw's, Star Market, United Supermarkets, Market Street, Haggen, Kings Food Markets and Balducci's Food Lovers Market . The Company has no separate assets or liabilities other than its investments in its subsidiaries, and all of its business operations are conducted through its operating subsidiaries. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 

Significant Accounting Policies 

Cash and cash equivalents related to credit and debit card transactions were million and million as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, respectively. The Company has cash and cash equivalents that are in excess of federally insured limits. Though the Company has not experienced any losses on its cash and cash equivalents to date and it does not anticipate incurring any losses, the Company cannot be assured that it will not experience losses on its cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 The Company had million and million of restricted cash as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, respectively. 

65 

Table of Contents 

As of February 25, 2023, and February 26, 2022, approximately and , respectively, of the Company's inventories were valued under the last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method. Replacement or current cost was higher than the carrying amount of inventories valued using LIFO by million and million as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, respectively. As a result, cost of sales decreased by million, million and million in fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 
 
 years; leasehold improvements - the shorter of the remaining lease term or ten to years; and fixtures and equipment - three to years. 

to years with renewal options for varying terms and, to a limited extent, options to purchase. The Company includes renewal options that are reasonably certain to be exercised as part of the lease term. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

years. The Company reviews finite-lived intangible assets for impairment in accordance with its policy for long-lived assets. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, which are not amortized, consist of restricted covenants and liquor licenses. The Company reviews intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and tests for impairment annually on the first day of the fourth quarter and also if events or changes in circumstances indicate the occurrence of a triggering event. The review consists of comparing the estimated fair value of the cash flows generated by the asset to the carrying value of the asset. 
 
 As of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, the Company had capitalized implementation costs of million and million, respectively, included in Other assets. The Company amortizes the costs over the related service contract period of the hosting arrangement. Amortization expense for the implementation costs was million, million and million for fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 respectively, and is included within Selling and administrative expenses. 

67 

Table of Contents 

As of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, the Company has equity method investments of million and million, respectively, included in Other assets. Equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates were million, million and million for fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 respectively, and is included in Other income, net. 
 
 As of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, the Company has other investments of million and million, respectively, included in Other assets. Net realized and unrealized losses were million for fiscal 2022. Net realized and unrealized gains were million and million, for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 
 
 As of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, the cash surrender values of the policies were million and million, and the balances of the policy loans were million and million, respectively. The net balance of the COLI policies is included in Other assets. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

million to million per claim, depending upon the type of insurance coverage and the year the claim was incurred. In determining its self-insurance liabilities, the Company performs a continuing review of its overall position and reserving techniques. Since recorded amounts are based on estimates, the ultimate cost of all incurred claims and related expenses may be more or less than the recorded liabilities. 
 
 The Company has reinsurance receivables of million and million recorded within Receivables, net and million and million recorded within Other assets as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Expense, net of actuarial adjustments Claim payments ) ) Ending balance Less current portion ) ) Long-term portion 

from the date of the award. The fair value of the RSUs and RSAs with a 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Third-party receivables from pharmacy sales were million and million as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, respectively, and are recorded in Receivables, net. 
 
 The Company's contract liability related to gift cards was million and million as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Disaggregated Revenues 
 
 Fresh (3) Pharmacy Fuel Other (4) Total 
 (1) Digital related sales are included in the categories to which the revenue pertains. 
 (2) Consists primarily of general merchandise, grocery, dairy and frozen foods. 
 (3) Consists primarily of produce, meat, deli and prepared foods, bakery, floral and seafood. 
 (4) Consists primarily of wholesale revenue to third parties, commissions and other miscellaneous revenue. 
 
 Cost of sales and vendor allowances: Cost of sales includes, among other things, purchasing and sourcing costs, inbound freight costs, product quality testing costs, warehousing and distribution costs, Own Brands program costs and digital-related delivery and handling costs. 
 
 The Company receives vendor allowances or rebates ("Vendor Allowances") for a variety of merchandising initiatives and buying activities. The terms of the Company's Vendor Allowances arrangements vary in length but are primarily expected to be completed within a quarter. The Company records Vendor Allowances as a reduction of Cost of sales when the associated products are sold. Vendor Allowances that have been earned as a result of 
 70 

Table of Contents 

million and million as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Advertising costs were million, million and million, net of cooperative advertising allowances of million, million and million for fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

divisions, which are reported in reportable segment. Each reporting unit constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and for which management regularly reviews the operating results. Across all operating segments, the Company operates primarily store format. Each division offers, through its stores and digital channels, the same general mix of products with similar pricing to similar categories of customers, has similar distribution methods, operates in similar regulatory environments and purchases merchandise from similar or the same vendors. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2 - 
 
 per share in cash, without interest, and (ii) each share of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted automatically at the Effective Time into the right to receive from Parent per share in cash on an as-converted basis, without interest. The per share consideration to be paid by Parent is subject to certain reductions described below. 
 
 In connection with obtaining the requisite regulatory clearance necessary to consummate the transaction, the Company and Parent expect to make divestitures of stores owned by the Company and Parent. As described in the Merger Agreement and subject to the outcome of the divestiture process and negotiations with applicable government authorities, the Company is prepared to establish a Company subsidiary ("SpinCo") as part of this process. The common stock or interests in SpinCo would be distributed to Company stockholders not later than as of the closing of the Merger (the "Closing"), if utilized, and SpinCo would operate as a standalone public company or the equity of SpinCo would be contributed to a trust for later distribution to Company stockholders. The Company and Parent have agreed to work together to determine which stores and other assets, liabilities and employees would comprise SpinCo if required for regulatory clearance, as well as the pro forma capitalization of SpinCo. The per share cash purchase price payable to Company stockholders in the Merger would be reduced by an amount equal to (i) three times four-wall EBITDA (as defined in the Merger Agreement) for the stores contributed to SpinCo divided by the number of shares of Class A common stock (including shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Series A preferred stock) outstanding as of the record date for the spin-off plus (ii) the Special Dividend (as defined below in Note 9 - Stockholders' Equity and Convertible Preferred Stock). 
 
 At the Effective Time, each outstanding equity award denominated in shares of Class A common stock will be converted into a corresponding award with respect to shares of Parent common stock (the "Converted Awards"). The Converted Awards will remain outstanding and subject to the same terms and conditions (including vesting and forfeiture terms) as were applied to the corresponding Company equity award immediately prior to the Effective Time; provided that any Company equity award with a performance-based vesting condition will have such vesting condition deemed satisfied at (i) the greater of target performance and actual performance (for such awards subject to an open performance period at the Effective Time) and (ii) target performance (for such awards subject to a performance period that begins after the Effective Time). For purposes of the conversion described above, the number of shares of Parent common stock subject to a Converted Award will be based upon the number of shares of 
 72 

Table of Contents 

less the Special Dividend (as defined below in Note 9 - Stockholders' Equity and Convertible Preferred Stock) divided by (ii) the average closing price of shares of Parent common stock for five trading days preceding the Closing. 
 
 The Merger Agreement provides for certain termination rights for the Company and Parent, including by mutual written consent and if the closing does not occur on or prior to January 13, 2024 (the "Outside Date"), provided that the Outside Date may be extended by either party for up to days in the aggregate. The Parent will be obligated to pay a termination fee of million if the Merger Agreement is terminated by either party in connection with the occurrence of the Outside Date, and, at the time of such termination, all closing conditions other than regulatory approval have been satisfied. The Merger is expected to close in early 2024, subject to the receipt of required regulatory clearance and other customary closing conditions. 
 
 Fiscal 2020 
 
 On January 23, 2021, the Company acquired stores operated by Kings Food Markets and Balducci's Food Lovers Market ("Kings and Balducci's"). The purchase price was million, and the transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The purchase price was allocated to the fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities. Net assets acquired of million primarily consisted of fixed assets, intangibles and inventory, valued at million, million and million, respectively. Intangible assets acquired primarily consisted of tradenames. The Company recognized a bargain purchase gain of million as the amount by which the fair value of the net assets acquired exceeded the purchase consideration paid. The bargain purchase was recognized as a gain within Selling and administrative expenses for fiscal 2020. The Company believes it was able to acquire the net assets for lower than fair value due to the financial condition of Kings and Balducci's which was in bankruptcy proceedings. Pro forma results are not presented as the acquisition was not considered material to the Company. Third-party acquisition-related costs were immaterial for fiscal 2020 and were expensed as incurred as a component of Selling and administrative expenses. 

NOTE 3 - 
 
 Buildings Property under construction Leasehold improvements Fixtures and equipment Property and equipment under finance leases Total property and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 
 million, million and million for fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. Amortization expense related to finance lease assets was million, million and million in fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. Fixed asset impairment losses of million, million and million were recorded as a component of Gain on property dispositions and impairment losses , net in fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. The impairment losses primarily relate to assets in underperforming stores and certain surplus properties. 
 73 

NOTE 4 - 
 
 ) ) Customer prescription files ) ) Internally developed software 
 to 
 ) ) Other intangible assets (1) to 
 ) ) Total finite-lived intangible assets 
 ) ) Liquor licenses and restricted covenants 
 Indefinite Total intangible assets, net 
 ) ) 
 (1) Other intangible assets includes covenants not to compete, specialty accreditation and licenses and patents. 
 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets was million, million and million for fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 In fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2020, there were intangible asset impairment losses. In fiscal 2021, there was million of intangible asset impairment losses, recorded as a component of Gain on property dispositions and impairment losses, net. 

NOTE 5 - 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

Non-current investments (2) 
 Derivative contracts (3) Total 
 (1) Primarily relates to Mutual Funds (Level 1) and Certificates of Deposit (Level 2). Included in Other current assets. 
 (2) Primarily relates to certain equity investments, U.S. Treasury Notes and Corporate Bonds (Level 2). Included in Other assets. 
 (3) Primarily relates to energy derivative contracts and interest rate swaps. Included in Other assets. 
 
 The following table presents certain assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of February 26, 2022 (in millions): 
 Fair Value Measurements Total Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1) Significant observable inputs (Level 2) Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) Assets: Short-term investments (1) Non-current investments (2) 
 Derivative contracts (3) Total Liabilities: Derivative contracts (4) Total 
 (1) Primarily relates to Mutual Funds and Certificates of Deposit (Level 2). Included in Other current assets. 
 (2) Primarily relates to investments in publicly traded stock (Level 1) and certain equity investments, U.S. Treasury Notes and Corporate Bonds (Level 2). Included in Other assets. 
 (3) Primarily relates to energy derivative contracts. Included in Other assets. 
 (4) Primarily relates to interest rate swaps. Included in Other current liabilities. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

million compared to a carrying value of million, excluding debt discounts and deferred financing costs. As of February 26, 2022, the fair value of total debt was million compared to the carrying value of million, excluding debt discounts and deferred financing costs. 
 
 Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 
 The Company measures certain assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis, including long-lived assets and goodwill, which are evaluated for impairment. Long-lived assets include store-related assets such as property and equipment, operating lease assets and certain intangible assets. The inputs used to determine the fair value of long-lived assets and a reporting unit are considered Level 3 measurements due to their subjective nature. 
 
 million, million and million during fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

NOTE 6 - 
 
 million of which were designated as cash flow hedges as defined by GAAP. All of the Company's Swaps expired in March 2023. 
 
 ) Other income, net 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 7 - 
 
 million and million, respectively, and deferred financing costs of million and million, respectively, consisted of the following (in millions): 
 February 25, 2023 February 26, 2022 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2026 to 2030, interest rate range of to 
 Safeway Inc. Notes due 2027 to 2031, interest rate range of to 
 New Albertsons L.P. Notes due 2026 to 2031, interest rate range of to 
 ABL Facility Other financing obligations Mortgage notes payable, secured Finance lease obligations (see Note 8) Total debt Less current maturities ) ) Long-term portion 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 The Company's amended and restated senior secured asset-based loan ("ABL") facility (as amended, the "ABL Facility") and certain of the outstanding notes and debentures have, restrictive covenants, subject to the right to cure in certain circumstances, calling for the acceleration of payments due in the event of a breach of a covenant or a default in the payment of a specified amount of indebtedness due under certain debt arrangements. There are no restrictions on the Company's ability to receive distributions from its subsidiaries to fund interest and principal payments due under the ABL Facility and the Company's senior unsecured notes (the "Senior Unsecured Notes"). Each of the ABL Facility and the Senior Unsecured Notes restrict the ability of the Company to pay dividends and distribute property to the Company's stockholders. As a result, all of the Company's consolidated net assets are effectively restricted with respect to their ability to be transferred to the Company's stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the ABL Facility and the Senior Unsecured Notes each contain customary exceptions for certain dividends and distributions, if certain conditions are satisfied under the documentation governing the ABL Facility and the Senior Unsecured Notes. The Company was in compliance with all such covenants and provisions as of and for the fiscal year ended February 25, 2023, and after giving effect to the Special Dividend. 
 ABL Facility 
 
 The Company's ABL Facility provides for a million senior secured revolving credit facility, maturing on December 20, 2026. On February 15, 2023, we entered into a LIBOR Transition Amendment with the lenders under the ABL Facility, which, among other things, replaced LIBOR with Term SOFR. Therefore, the ABL Facility has 
 77 

Table of Contents 

to and also provides for a letters of credit ("LOC") sub-facility of million. The unused commitment fee is per annum. 
 
 On November 2, 2022, the Company provided notice to the lenders to borrow million under the ABL Facility, which together with cash on hand was to be used to fund the payment of the Special Dividend during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. Subsequently, during fiscal 2022, the Company repaid million of the ABL Facility. As of February 25, 2023, there was million outstanding under the ABL Facility and LOC issued under the LOC sub-facility were million. As of February 26, 2022, there were amounts outstanding under the ABL Facility and LOC issued under the LOC sub-facility were million. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended February 25, 2023, the average interest rate on the ABL Facility was approximately . The outstanding balance is recorded in Current maturities of long-term debt and finance lease obligations as the million balance has an interest rate maturity period of 90 days, which can be extended and reset through the maturity date of the ABL Facility of December 20, 2026. Though the Company has the ability to extend the payment on a long-term basis, the Company, at its own discretion, may pay all or a portion of the outstanding balance within the next 12 months with any future surplus cash flows. 
 
 On March 12, 2020, the Company provided notice to the lenders to borrow million under the Company's ABL Facility as a precautionary measure in order to increase its cash position and preserve flexibility in light of the uncertainty in the global markets resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company repaid the million in full on June 19, 2020. 
 
 The ABL Facility is guaranteed by the Company's existing and future direct and indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries that are not borrowers, subject to certain exceptions. The ABL Facility is secured by, subject to certain exceptions, (i) a first-priority lien on substantially all of the ABL Facility priority collateral and (ii) a first-priority lien on substantially all other assets (other than real property). The ABL Facility contains no financial covenant unless and until (a) excess availability is less than (i) of the lesser of the aggregate commitments and the then-current borrowing base at any time or is (ii) million at any time or (b) an event of default is continuing. If any of such events occur, the Company must maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of to 1.0 from the date such triggering event occurs until such event of default is cured or waived and/or the 30th day that all such triggers under clause (a) no longer exist. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 Fiscal 2020 
 
 On August 31, 2020, the Company and substantially all of its subsidiaries completed the issuance of million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due March 15, 2026 (the "New 2026 Notes") and million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due March 15, 2029 (the "2029 Notes" and together with the New 2026 Notes, the "August Notes"). Interest on the August Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on March 15, 2021. On September 11, 2020, a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the August Notes, together with approximately million of cash on hand, were used to fund the full redemption of the million aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Company's senior unsecured notes due 2024 (the "2024 Redemption"). In connection with the 2024 Redemption, the Company paid an associated redemption premium of million. The Company recorded a million loss on debt extinguishment related to the 2024 Redemption, comprised of the million redemption premium and million write-off of deferred financings costs. 
 
 On September 16, 2020, remaining proceeds from the issuance of the August Notes were used to fund the partial redemption of million of the million in aggregate principal amount outstanding (the "September Partial 2025 Redemption") of the Company's senior unsecured notes due September 2025 (the "2025 
 78 

Table of Contents 

million. The Company recorded an million loss on debt extinguishment related to the September Partial 2025 Redemption, comprised of the million redemption premium and a million write-off of deferred financing costs. 
 
 On December 22, 2020, the Company and substantially all of its subsidiaries completed the issuance of million in aggregate principal amount of additional 2029 Notes (the "Additional 2029 Notes"). The Additional 2029 Notes were issued as "additional securities" under the indenture governing the outstanding 2029 Notes. The Additional 2029 Notes are expected to be treated as a single class with the outstanding 2029 Notes for all purposes and have the same terms as those of the outstanding 2029 Notes. On January 4, 2021, proceeds from the issuance of the Additional 2029 Notes, together with approximately million of cash on hand, were used to fund a partial redemption of million of the million in aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 2025 Notes (the "January Partial 2025 Redemption"). In connection with the January Partial 2025 Redemption, the Company paid an associated redemption premium of million. The Company recorded a million loss on debt extinguishment related to the January Partial 2025 Redemption, comprised of the million redemption premium and a million write-off of deferred financing costs. 
 
 Fiscal 2021 
 
 On November 1, 2021, the Company redeemed the remaining million aggregate principal amount outstanding of its 2025 Notes (the "2025 Redemption"), which were redeemed using cash on hand, at a redemption price of of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded a million loss on debt extinguishment related to the 2025 Redemption, comprised of a million redemption premium and a million write-off of deferred financing costs. 
 
 Fiscal 2022 
 
 On February 13, 2023, the Company and substantially all of its subsidiaries completed the issuance of million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due February 15, 2028 (the "New 2028 Notes"). Interest on the New 2028 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on August 15, 2023. On February 15, 2023, proceeds from the New 2028 Notes, together with approximately million of cash on hand, were used to (i) repay in full the million outstanding of the Company's senior unsecured notes due February 15, 2023 and (ii) pay fees and expenses related to the issuance of the New 2028 Notes. 
 
 The Senior Unsecured Notes have not been and will not be registered with the SEC. Each of these notes are also fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by substantially all of the Company s subsidiaries that are not issuers under the indenture governing such notes. 
 
 The Company, an issuer and direct or indirect parent of each of the other issuers of the Senior Unsecured Notes, has no independent assets or operations. All of the direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Company, other than subsidiaries that are issuers, or guarantors, as applicable, of the Senior Unsecured Notes are minor, individually and in the aggregate. 
 
 Safeway Notes 
 
 The Company repaid the remaining million in aggregate principal amount of Safeway's Notes due 2020 on their maturity date, August 15, 2020. The Company also repaid the remaining million in aggregate principal amount of Safeway's Notes due 2021 on their maturity date, December 1, 2021. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

million and million as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Finance lease obligations Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of debt (premiums) and discounts, net ) ) ) Other interest income ) ) ) Interest expense, net 

NOTE 8 - 
 
 Finance lease cost Amortization of lease assets Cost of sales and Selling and administrative expenses (3) Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense, net Variable lease cost (2) Cost of sales and Selling and administrative expenses (3) Sublease income Net sales and other revenue ) ) ) Total lease cost, net 
 (1) Includes short-term lease cost, which is immaterial. 
 (2) Represents variable lease costs for both operating and finance leases. Includes contingent rent expense and other non-fixed lease related costs, including property taxes, common area maintenance and property insurance. 
 (3) Supply chain-related amounts are included in Cost of sales. 
 
 80 

Finance Property and equipment, net Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating Current operating lease obligations Finance Current maturities of long-term debt and finance lease obligations Long-term Operating Long-term operating lease obligations Finance Long-term debt and finance lease obligations Total lease liabilities 
 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations Impairment of right-of-use operating lease assets Impairment of right-of-use finance lease assets 
 
 The following table presents the weighted average lease term and discount rate for leases: 
 February 25, 2023 February 26, 2022 Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases years years Weighted average remaining lease term - finance leases years years Weighted average discount rate - operating leases Weighted average discount rate - finance leases 
 
 81 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum obligations Less interest ) ) Present value of net future minimum lease obligations Less current portion ) ) Long-term obligations 
 
 The Company subleases certain property to third parties. Future minimum tenant operating lease payments remaining under these non-cancelable operating leases as of February 25, 2023 was million . 

NOTE 9 - 
 
 shares of common stock, par value per share, of which shares were classified as Class A common stock ("Class A common stock") and shares were classified as Class A-1 convertible common stock ("Class A-1 common stock"). As of February 25, 2023, there were and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, respectively, and shares of Class A-1 common stock issued or outstanding. As of February 26, 2022, there were and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, respectively, and shares of Class A-1 common stock issued or outstanding. For all prior periods presented, use of Class A common stock refers to the Company's common stock pre-reclassification. 
 
 The terms of the Class A common stock are substantially identical to the terms of the Class A-1 common stock, except that the Class A-1 common stock does not have voting rights. Each holder of Class A common stock is entitled to vote for each share owned of record on all matters voted upon by stockholders. A majority vote is required for all action to be taken by stockholders, except as otherwise provided for in the Company's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws or as required by law. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock, holders of the Company's Class A common stock and Class A-1 common stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors out of legally available funds. In the event of the Company's liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of Class A common stock and Class A-1 common stock are entitled to share equally and ratably in the Company's assets, if any, remaining after the payment of all debts and liabilities and the liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred stock. When permitted under the relevant antitrust restrictions, any issued shares of Class A-1 common stock would automatically convert on a -for-one basis to voting shares of Class A common stock. 
 
 The Company has established a dividend policy pursuant to which the Company intends to pay a quarterly dividend on its Class A common stock. The Company paid cash dividends on its Class A common stock of million during fiscal 2022, excluding the Special Dividend (as defined and described below), and of million and million during fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. On April 11, 2023, the Company announced the next quarterly dividend payment of per share of Class A common stock to be paid on May 10, 2023 to 
 82 

per share of Class A common stock (the "Special Dividend"). The Special Dividend was payable to stockholders of record, including holders of Series A preferred stock on an as-converted basis, as of the close of business on October 24, 2022, and was originally scheduled to be paid on November 7, 2022. On November 1, 2022, the Attorney General for the State of Washington ("Washington Attorney General") filed a motion for a temporary restraining order to prevent the payment of the Special Dividend. On November 3, 2022, a commissioner for the Superior Court of King County (the "Superior Court") issued a temporary restraining order against the payment of the Special Dividend. On December 9, 2022, the Superior Court ruled in favor of the Company and denied the Washington Attorney General's request for a preliminary injunction, but extended the temporary restraining order in order for the Washington Attorney General to seek review from the Washington Supreme Court. That same day, on December 9, 2022, the Washington Attorney General sought review from the Washington Supreme Court, asking that Court to review the denial of the preliminary injunction. On December 19, 2022, the commissioner of the Washington Supreme Court announced that the Court would, sitting en banc, consider the Washington Attorney General's application for review. The commissioner's order also extended the temporary restraining order against the payment of the Special Dividend. On January 17, 2023, the Washington Supreme Court denied a motion by the Washington Attorney General to hear an appeal from the Superior Court s denial to enjoin the Company from paying the Special Dividend. As a result of the Court's decision, the temporary restraining order preventing payment of the Special Dividend was also lifted. On January 20, 2023, the Special Dividend of million was paid. 
 
 Separately, on November 2, 2022, the Attorneys General for the District of Columbia, California, and Illinois (collectively, the "Attorneys General") filed a motion for a temporary restraining order against the payment of the Special Dividend in federal district court in the District of Columbia. On November 8, 2022, that federal district court denied the motion. On December 1, 2022, the Attorneys General filed a motion for a preliminary injunction to prevent payment of the Special Dividend. On December 12, 2022, the federal district court denied the motion for a preliminary injunction. On that same day, December 12, 2022, the Attorneys General filed a motion with the federal district court for an emergency injunction pending appeal. On December 13, 2022, the Attorneys General filed a notice of appeal to the federal court of appeals for the District of Columbia, and also sought an emergency injunction pending appeal from that court. On December 14, 2022, the federal district court denied the motion for an injunction pending appeal. On December 20, 2022, the federal court of appeals for the District of Columbia also denied the motion of the Attorneys General for an injunction pending appeal. There is no injunction from the federal courts relating to payment of the Special Dividend. 
 
 Convertible Preferred Stock and Investor Exchange Right 
 
 On June 8, 2020, the Company amended and restated its certificate of incorporation to authorize shares of convertible preferred stock, par value per share, of which shares were designated Series A preferred stock ("Series A preferred stock") and shares were designated Series A-1 convertible preferred stock ("Series A-1 preferred stock" and together with the Series A preferred stock, the "Convertible Preferred Stock"). On June 9, 2020 (the "Preferred Closing Date"), the Company sold and issued (i) an aggregate of 
 83 

shares of Series A preferred stock. The Company received aggregate proceeds of million from the sale and issuance of the Convertible Preferred Stock which has an aggregate liquidation preference of million. The Convertible Preferred Stock is presented outside of permanent equity at its original issuance price less costs incurred, due to it being contingently redeemable, as described below. 
 
 The terms of the Series A preferred stock are substantially identical to the terms of the Series A-1 preferred stock, except that the Series A preferred stock will vote together with Class A common stock on an as-converted basis, but the Series A-1 preferred stock cannot vote with Class A common stock on an as converted basis. The Convertible Preferred Stock, with respect to dividend rights and/or distribution rights upon the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, as applicable, ranks senior to each class of common stock and junior to existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities. 
 
 The Series A preferred stock is convertible at the option of the holders thereof at any time into shares of Class A common stock, each at an initial conversion price of per share and an initial conversion rate of shares of Common Stock per share of Convertible Preferred Stock, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. At any time after June 30, 2023, if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock has equaled or exceeded per share (or of the initial conversion price), as may be adjusted, for at least trading days in any period of consecutive trading days, the Company will have the right to cause all, or any portion, of the outstanding Series A-1 preferred stock or Series A preferred stock to convert into the relevant number of shares of Class A-1 common stock or Class A common stock, as applicable; provided that the Company will not be permitted to effect a mandatory conversion with respect to more than one-third of the aggregate outstanding shares, as of the date of the first notice date, of Series A-1 preferred stock and Series A preferred stock in any -month period unless the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock has equaled or exceeded (or of the initial conversion price), as may be adjusted, for at least trading days in any period of consecutive trading days. 
 
 During fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, certain holders of the Company's Convertible Preferred Stock converted approximately and shares of Convertible Preferred Stock, respectively, into and shares of the Company's Class A common stock, respectively, which were issued from treasury stock. See Treasury Stock below and the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for additional information. There were and shares of Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022, respectively. Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2022, a holder of the Company's Convertible Preferred Stock converted the remaining shares of Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of the Company's Class A common stock. As a result, the Company has issued in the aggregate, shares of Class A common stock to holders of Convertible Preferred Stock. These non-cash conversions represent of the originally issued Convertible Preferred Stock, with the conversion of Series A preferred stock being completed during the first quarter of fiscal 2023 and the conversion of Series A-1 preferred stock being completed during the first quarter of fiscal 2022 as previously reported. 
 
 The holders of Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to a quarterly dividend at a rate per annum of of the liquidation preference per share of the Convertible Preferred Stock. In the event that the Company does not declare and pay any dividends in cash, the Company may instead, only for two quarters, pay such dividends by increasing the liquidation preference of the Convertible Preferred Stock at a rate equal to the applicable cash dividend rate plus on such dividend payment date. In addition, the holders of Convertible Preferred Stock participate in cash dividends that the Company pays on its common stock to the extent that such cash dividends exceed million per fiscal year. The Company paid cash dividends to holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock of million during fiscal 2022, excluding the Special Dividend (as described above), and of million and million during fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. On March 15, 2023, the Company declared a quarterly cash dividend of million to holders of Convertible Preferred Stock, which was paid on March 31, 2023. 
 
 84 

, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. In the event that the Company receives a notice of an intention to exchange the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock for equity interests in certain of the Company's subsidiaries pursuant to the real estate agreement (as discussed below), the Company will have the right to redeem all, but not less than all, of its Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding at a redemption price equal to the product of the aggregate liquidation preference of the Convertible Preferred Stock of such holder then outstanding and , plus accrued and unpaid dividends. The Convertible Preferred Stock is also convertible, at the option of the holder, upon the occurrence of certain fundamental change events (other than with respect to the Merger), including a change in control or delisting of the Company at the applicable conversion rate plus an additional number of shares determined by reference to the price paid for the Company's Common Stock upon such change in control, plus in certain conditions accrued and unpaid dividends through June 30, 2023 or June 30, 2024, as applicable. 
 
 Concurrent with the issuance and sale of the Convertible Preferred Stock, a newly formed consolidated real estate subsidiary of the Company entered into a real estate agreement with an affiliate of the holders ("RE Investor") of the Convertible Preferred Stock. Under the terms of the real estate agreement, prior to the closing of the Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company was to place into its real estate subsidiary fee owned real estate properties with an appraised value of of the liquidation preference of the Convertible Preferred Stock or a combination of real estate properties and cash, with a total value of billion. This resulted in the Company contributing approximately million of cash into a restricted escrow account to make up for the shortfall on the appraised value of owned properties placed into the real estate subsidiary. The real estate agreement provides the RE Investor with the unilateral right, upon the occurrence of specified trigger events, to exercise an investor exchange right to exchange all of the outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock for certain real estate assets or the real estate subsidiary's equity interests in its subsidiary special purpose entities holding such real estate assets, subject to certain provisions as further defined in the real estate agreement (the "Investor Exchange Right"). The Investor Exchange Right may be exercised if any of the following were to occur: (i) the Convertible Preferred Stock remains outstanding as of June 9, 2027, (ii) if a fundamental change occurs after June 30, 2024 and the related fundamental change stock price is less than the conversion price, (iii) a downgrade by one or more gradations or withdrawal of the Company's credit rating by certain rating agencies, as a result of which the Company's credit rating is B- (or its equivalent) or lower, (iv) the failure by the Company to pay a dividend on the Convertible Preferred Stock, which failure continues for days after such dividend's due date, or (v) a bankruptcy filing. The target amount of real estate assets (net of taxes and fees) to be received in exchange for the Convertible Preferred Stock will be the product of the liquidation preference and , plus an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends. The Investor Exchange Right may be exercised unless the Company redeems all of the outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock at a redemption price, if such redemption occurs after the Company receives a notice of intent to exercise the Investor Exchange Right, equal to the product of the aggregate liquidation preference of the Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding and , plus accrued and unpaid dividends. Upon completion of the Investor Exchange Right, subsidiaries of the Company, as the applicable tenant, will enter into a master lease agreement with the RE Investor or designated affiliate as the landlord, solely with respect to the real estate properties that have been transferred directly or indirectly to the RE Investor, substantially the same as the current master lease agreements between the Company's consolidated real estate subsidiaries and the Company's consolidated operating subsidiaries. 
 
 The real estate agreement provides that the Company may release properties and/or cash from the escrow account if the holders of Convertible Preferred Stock convert their shares into Class A common stock, provided that certain conversion thresholds are met. During the second quarter of fiscal 2022, due to the non-cash conversions of Convertible Preferred Stock to Class A common stock discussed above, real estate properties and cash of million, representing approximately of the original billion, were released from the restricted escrow account, and the real estate properties were transferred from the real estate subsidiary to operating subsidiaries. During the first quarter of fiscal 2023, the conversion of the remaining Series A preferred stock was completed (as 
 85 

million, an amount equal to the proceeds from the sale and issuance of the Company's Convertible Preferred Stock, to repurchase shares of Class A common stock from the Company's parents (the "June 2020 Repurchase"). The proceeds received by the Company's parents from the June 2020 Repurchase were distributed to their members, which include the Company's sponsors and current and former members of management. 
 
 On September 14, 2020, the Company entered into a stock repurchase agreement with a stockholder pursuant to which the Company repurchased shares of its Class A common stock held by the stockholder for an aggregate purchase price of million. The stockholder was subject to a court-mandated wind-down, and a court-appointed receiver was directed to liquidate the stockholder's assets. The price was agreed to between the Company and the receiver (on behalf of the stockholder). In establishing the price, the parties took into account, among many other factors that they each deemed relevant, an applicable discount related to the selling restrictions that a third-party buyer would have had if such third-party buyer purchased the shares, including relevant lock-up agreements. 
 
 On October 14, 2020, the Company's board of directors authorized a share repurchase program that allows the Company to repurchase up to million of its Class A common stock. As part of the share repurchase program, during fiscal 2020, the Company, through a series of open-market transactions, repurchased shares of its Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 
 During fiscal 2022, the Company reissued shares of treasury stock, at cost, upon conversion of approximately shares of Convertible Preferred Stock into Class A common stock, and during fiscal 2021, the Company reissued shares of treasury stock, at cost, upon conversion of approximately shares of Convertible Preferred Stock into Class A common stock, as discussed above. Shares of treasury stock are reissued based on specific identification. 

NOTE 10 - 
 
 million shares of Class A common stock 
 86 

Table of Contents 

million shares of Class A common stock remained available for future awards. 
 
 Under the Restricted Stock Unit Plan, the Company recognizes equity-based compensation expense for RSUs and RSAs granted to employees and non-employee directors. Upon vesting, RSUs and RSAs will be settled in shares of the Company's Class A common stock. RSUs generally vest over from the grant date, based on a service period, or upon a combination of both a service period and achievement of certain performance-based thresholds, and RSAs generally vest over from the grant date, with based solely on a service period and upon a service period and achievement of certain performance-based thresholds. For performance-based RSUs and RSAs granted in fiscal 2022, the number of shares of the Company's Class A common stock to be received at vesting can be adjusted within a predetermined range based on the Company's achieved performance for fiscal 2022 relative to the fiscal 2022 performance target. 
 
 All unvested equity awards outstanding participate in the Special Dividend, according to the same vesting terms and conditions as the underlying equity award. Unvested equity awards with dividend equivalent rights ("DERs") receive the Special Dividend through the issuance of million additional RSUs, of which million shares relate to time-based awards and million shares relate to performance-based awards. Unvested equity awards without DERs receive the Special Dividend in cash subject to anti-dilution provisions. For the Special Dividend that settles in cash upon vesting, modification accounting was applied to reflect liability classification. The modification did not result in a material impact to the Company's financial position or results of operations. For further description of the Special Dividend, see Note 9 - Stockholders' Equity and Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 RSAs Liability-classified awards Total equity-based compensation expense Total related tax benefit 
 
 During fiscal 2022, excluding Special Dividend DERs issued in shares, the Company issued million RSUs to its employees and directors, of which million shares were granted for accounting purposes. The million issued and granted awards consist of million RSUs that have solely time-based vesting and million performance-based RSUs that were granted upon the establishment of the fiscal 2022 performance target and that would vest upon both the achievement of such performance target and continued service through the vesting period. Additionally, million previously issued performance-based RSUs and RSAs were granted in fiscal 2022 upon the establishment of the fiscal 2022 annual performance target and that would vest upon both the achievement of such performance target and continued service through the vesting period, and an additional million performance-based RSUs were granted in fiscal 2022 related to previously issued awards based on achieved performance for fiscal 2021 relative to the fiscal 2021 performance target. The million RSUs and RSAs granted in fiscal 2022 have an aggregate grant date value of million. The aggregate grant date value of RSUs and RSAs granted was million and million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Granted Performance adjustment (1) Special Dividend DERs Vested ) ) Forfeited or cancelled ) ) Unvested, February 25, 2023 
 (1) Represents additional PBRSUs based on achieved performance for fiscal 2021 relative to the fiscal 2021 performance target. The performance adjustment does not include million additional PBRSUs based on achieved performance for fiscal 2022 relative to the fiscal 2022 performance target, although these shares have been estimated and included in the determination of equity-based compensation expense and the calculation of diluted net income per common share for fiscal 2022. 
 
 During fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, the aggregate fair value of RSUs and RSAs that vested was million, million and million, respectively. The number of RSUs and RSAs vested includes shares of common stock that the Company withheld on behalf of employees to satisfy statutory tax withholding requirements. 
 
 As of February 25, 2023, the Company had million of unrecognized compensation cost related to million unvested granted RSUs. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of February 25, 2023, the Company had million of unrecognized costs related to million unvested granted RSAs. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of February 25, 2023, the Company had million of unrecognized costs related to unvested liability-classified awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Upon the establishment of the annual performance target for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024, the remaining million issued performance-based RSUs and million performance-based RSAs will be granted for accounting purposes, as applicable. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 11 - 
 
 State (2) Foreign ) Total Current Deferred Federal ) ) State ) Foreign Total Deferred ) Income tax expense 
 (1) Federal current tax expense net of million , million and million tax benefit of net operating losses ("NOL") in fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 
 (2) State current tax expense net of million tax benefit of NOLs in fiscal 2020. There was tax benefit of NOLs in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. 
 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit Change in valuation allowance ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Net operating loss Pension postretirement benefits Self-Insurance Tax credits Lease obligations Other Gross deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation and amortization Inventories Operating lease assets Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liability ) ) Noncurrent deferred tax asset Noncurrent deferred tax liability ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Additions charged to income tax expense Reductions credited to income tax expense ) ) ) Changes to other comprehensive income or loss and other ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 The Company assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use the existing deferred tax assets. On the basis of this evaluation, as of February 25, 2023, a valuation allowance of million has been recorded for the portion of the deferred tax asset that is not more likely than not to be realized, consisting primarily of tax credits and carryovers in jurisdictions where the Company has minimal presence or does not expect to have future taxable income. The Company will continue to evaluate the need to adjust the valuation allowance. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be adjusted depending on the Company's performance in certain subsidiaries or jurisdictions. 
 
 The Company currently has federal and state NOL carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which will begin to expire in 2023 and continue through the fiscal year ending February 2043. As of February 25, 2023, the Company had million of state credit carryforwards, the majority of which will expire in 2023. The Company had federal credit carryforwards as of February 25, 2023. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

Increase related to tax positions taken in the current year Increase related to tax positions taken in prior years Decrease related to tax position taken in prior years ) ) Decrease related to settlements with taxing authorities ) ) ) Decrease related to lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of February 25, 2023, February 26, 2022 and February 27, 2021 are tax positions of million, million and million, respectively, which would reduce the Company's effective tax rate if recognized in future periods. Of the million that could impact tax expense, the Company has recorded million of indemnification assets that would offset any future recognition. As of February 25, 2023, the Company is no longer subject to federal income tax examinations for the fiscal years prior to 2019 and in most states, is no longer subject to state income tax examinations for fiscal years before 2012. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. For fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, the Company recognized expense related to interest and penalties, net of settlement adjustments, of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company believes it is reasonably possible that the reserve for uncertain tax positions may be reduced by approximately million in the next 12 months due to ongoing tax examinations and expiration of statutes of limitations. 
 
 The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act ("CARES Act") was signed into law on March 27, 2020. The Company analyzed the various income tax and non-income tax provisions of the CARES Act based on currently available technical guidance and determined that aside from an impact to the timing of cash flows, there is no material impact to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. Specifically, as it relates to the Company, the CARES Act allowed for deferred payment of the employer-paid portion of social security taxes through the end of 2020, with 50 due on December 31, 2021 and the remainder due on December 31, 2022. There was amount deferred as of February 25, 2023, and the million deferred as of February 26, 2022 was recorded in Accrued salaries and wages. 

NOTE 12 - 

91 

Table of Contents 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Benefit payments (including settlements) ) ) ) ) Plan amendments Ending balance Change in fair value of plan assets: Beginning balance Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefit payments (including settlements) ) ) ) ) Ending balance Components of net amount recognized in financial position: 
 Other current liabilities ) ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) ) Funded status ) ) ) ) 
 
 The actuarial gain for both fiscal 2022 fiscal 2021 related to the projected benefit obligation was primarily driven by an increase in discount rates. ) ) ) Prior service cost ) ) ) ) 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets ) ) Service cost Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Income due to settlement accounting ) ) ) (Income) expense, net ) ) ) ) Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss): Net actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial (loss) gain ) ) ) Prior service cost Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) ) Settlement income Total recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Total net expense and changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 During fiscal 2021, the Company purchased a group annuity policy and transferred million of pension plan assets to an insurance company (the "Annuity Purchase"), thereby reducing the Company's defined benefit pension obligations by million. As a result of the Annuity Purchase, the Company recorded a settlement gain of million during fiscal 2021. 
 
 Prior service costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of active participants. When the accumulation of actuarial gains and losses exceeds 10 of the greater of the projected benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets, the excess is amortized over either the average remaining lifetime of all participants or the average remaining service period of active participants. No significant prior service 
 93 

Table of Contents 

Rate of compensation increase Cash balance plan interest crediting rate 
 
 The weighted average actuarial assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs for pension plans were as follows: 
 February 25, 2023 February 26, 2022 February 27, 2021 Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Cash balance plan interest crediting rate 
 
 Discount Rate Assumption. The discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension obligations could be settled at each measurement date. In all years presented, the discount rates were determined by matching the expected plan benefit payments against a spot rate yield curve constructed to replicate above median yields of AA-graded corporate bonds. 
 
 Asset Return Assumption. Expected return on pension plan assets is based on historical experience of the Company's portfolios and the review of projected returns by asset class on broad, publicly traded equity and fixed-income indices, as well as target asset allocation. 
 
 Retirement and Mortality Rates. On February 26, 2022, the Company adopted the new MP-2021 mortality improvement projection scale which assumes an improvement in life expectancy at a marginally faster rate than the MP-2020 projection scale. The mortality assumption was not updated during fiscal 2022. 
 
 Investment Policies and Strategies. The Company has adopted and implemented an investment policy for the defined benefit pension plans that incorporates a strategic long-term asset allocation mix designed to meet the Company's long-term pension requirements. This asset allocation policy is reviewed annually and, on a regular basis, actual allocations are rebalanced to the prevailing targets. The investment policy also emphasizes the following key objectives: (1) maintaining a diversified portfolio among asset classes and investment styles; (2) maintaining an acceptable level of risk in pursuit of long-term economic benefit; (3) maximizing the opportunity for value-added returns from active investment management while establishing investment guidelines and monitoring procedures for each investment manager to ensure the characteristics of the portfolio are consistent with the original investment mandate; and (4) maintaining adequate controls over administrative costs. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

million in plan assets as of February 25, 2023: 
 Plan Assets Asset category Target (1) February 25, 2023 February 26, 2022 Equity Fixed income Cash and other Total 
 
 (1) Reflects updates to the investment policy targets made during fiscal 2022. 
 
 The following table summarizes the actual allocations for the Shaw's Plan which had million in plan assets as of February 25, 2023: 
 Plan Assets Asset category Target February 25, 2023 February 26, 2022 Equity Fixed income Cash and other Total 

The following table summarizes the actual allocations for the United Plan which had million in plan assets as of February 25, 2023: 
 Plan Assets Asset category Target (1) February 25, 2023 February 26, 2022 Equity Fixed income Cash and other Total 
 
 (1) The target market value of equity securities for the United Plan is of plan assets. If the equity percentage exceeds or drops below , the asset allocation is adjusted to target. 
 
 The following table summarizes the actual allocations for the Safeway VAPP which had million in plan assets as of February 25, 2023: 
 Plan Assets (1) Asset category Target February 25, 2023 February 26, 2022 Equity Fixed income Other (2) Cash Total 
 
 (1) As of February 25, 2023, the assets were primarily invested in cash as these assets were recently contributed during fiscal 2022 and have not yet been allocated based on the plan policy. The Safeway VAPP had no assets as of February 26, 2022. 
 (2) Includes real estate, global tactical asset allocation and private equity investments. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

million payable to an intermediary agent, by asset category are as follows (in millions): 
 Fair Value Measurements Asset category Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets Measured at NAV Cash and cash equivalents (1) Short-term investment collective trust (2) Common and preferred stock: (3) Domestic common and preferred stock 
 International common stock Collective trust funds (2) Corporate bonds (4) Mortgage- and other asset-backed securities (5) 
 Mutual funds (6) U.S. government securities (7) Other securities (8) Total 
 
 The fair value of the Company's pension plan assets as of February 26, 2022, excluding pending transactions of million payable to an intermediary agent, by asset category are as follows (in millions): 
 Fair Value Measurements Asset category Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets Measured at NAV Cash and cash equivalents (1) Short-term investment collective trust (2) Common and preferred stock: (3) Domestic common and preferred stock 
 International common stock Collective trust funds (2) Corporate bonds (4) Mortgage- and other asset-backed securities (5) 
 Mutual funds (6) U.S. government securities (7) Other securities (8) Total 
 (1) The carrying value of these items approximates fair value. 
 (2) These investments are valued based on the Net Asset Value ("NAV") of the underlying investments and are provided by the fund issuers. There are no unfunded commitments or redemption restrictions for these funds. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

Contributions 
 
 In fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, the Company contributed million , million and million, respectively, to its pension and post-retirement plans. The Company's funding policy for the defined benefit pension plan is to contribute the minimum contribution required under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and other applicable laws as determined by the Company's external actuarial consultant. At the Company's discretion, additional funds may be contributed to the defined benefit pension plans. The Company expects to contribute approximately million to its pension and post-retirement plans in fiscal 2023. The Company will recognize contributions in accordance with applicable regulations, with consideration given to recognition for the earliest plan year permitted. 
 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2032 
 Multiemployer Pension Plans 
 
 The Company currently contributes to multiemployer pension plans. These multiemployer plans generally provide retirement benefits to participants based on their service to contributing employers. The benefits are paid from assets held in trust for that purpose. Plan trustees typically are responsible for determining the level of benefits 
 97 

Table of Contents 

98 

Table of Contents 

99 

Table of Contents 

No 7/27/2020 to 2/26/2026 4/12/2025 Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan No 3/4/2020 to 8/21/2027 9/21/2025 Southern California United Food Commercial Workers Unions and Food Employers Joint Pension Plan (4) No 3/6/2022 to 3/6/2026 3/4/2025 Combined Plan (8) No 10/26/2019 to 2/24/2024 10/28/2023 Sound Retirement Trust (6) No 4/4/2020 to 12/13/2025 5/3/2025 Bakery and Confectionery Union and Industry International Pension Fund No 10/2/2016 to 1/23/2027 9/6/2025 UFCW Union and Participating Food Industry Employers Tri-State Pension Fund No 2/1/2024 to 12/31/2026 3/29/2024 Rocky Mountain UFCW Unions Employers Pension Plan No 8/23/2023 to 11/15/2025 2/15/2025 UFCW Local 152 Retail Meat Pension Fund (5) No 5/2/2024 5/2/2024 Desert States Employers UFCW Unions Pension Plan No 10/21/2023 to 11/8/2025 10/21/2023 UFCW International Union - Industry Pension Fund (5)(9) No 4/1/2023 to 2/26/2026 6/14/2025 Retail Food Employers and UFCW Local 711 Pension Trust Fund No 5/21/2022 to 3/1/2025 3/1/2025 Oregon Retail Employees Pension Trust No 11/5/2022 to 2/9/2026 8/10/2024 Intermountain Retail Store Employees Pension Trust (7) No 5/19/2018 to 12/13/2025 4/6/2024 UFCW Local 1245 Labor Management Pension Plan No 11/23/2020 to 4/6/2024 11/23/2020 Other funds Total Company contributions to U.S. multiemployer pension plans 
 (1) PPA established three categories (or "zones") of plans: (1) "Green Zone" for healthy; (2) "Yellow Zone" for endangered; and (3) "Red Zone" for critical. These categories are based upon multiple factors, including the funding ratio of the plan assets to plan liabilities. 
 (2) Under the PPA, a surcharge may be imposed when employers make contributions under a collective bargaining agreement that is not in compliance with a rehabilitation plan. As of February 25, 2023, the collective bargaining agreements under which the Company was making contributions were in compliance with rehabilitation plans adopted by the applicable pension fund. 
 (3) These columns represent the number of most significant collective bargaining agreements aggregated by common expiration dates for each of the pension funds listed above. 
 (4) The information for this fund was obtained from the Form 5500 filed for the plan's year-end at March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021. 
 (5) The information for this fund was obtained from the Form 5500 filed for the plan's year-end at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020. 
 (6) The information for this fund was obtained from the Form 5500 filed for the plan's year-end at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020. 
 (7) The information for this fund was obtained from the Form 5500 filed for the plan's year-end at August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020. 
 (8) As further described below, effective December 31, 2020, the Mid Atlantic Pension Fund combined into the Food Employers Labor Relations Association and United Food and Commercial Workers Pension Fund to form the Combined Plan, and immediately upon combination the Company withdrew from the Combined Plan under the terms of the agreement with the applicable local unions, the largest contributing employer and the PBGC. 
 (9) As further described below, effective June 30, 2020, the Company withdrew from the UFCW National Fund and began contributing to the UFCW National VAPP. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

local unions, along with the largest contributing employer, and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation ("PBGC") to combine MAP into FELRA (the "Combined Plan") effective December 31, 2020. As a result, the Company withdrew from the Combined Plan under the terms of the agreement with the applicable unions, the largest contributing employer and the PBGC and received a release of all withdrawal liability and mass withdrawal liability from FELRA, MAP, the Combined Plan and the PBGC. Commencing February 2021, the Company is required to annually pay million to the Combined Plan for the next years. This payment replaces the Company's previous annual contribution to both FELRA and MAP. In addition to the million annual payment, the Company was expected to contribute to a new multiemployer pension plan limited to providing benefits to the former participants in MAP and FELRA in excess of the benefits the PBGC insures under law (the "Excess Plan"). These contributions were expected to commence in June 2022 and were expected to be approximately million annually for years. The Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax charge of million million, net of tax) in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 to record the pension obligation for these benefits earned for prior service. The pension obligation was determined using a risk-free rate commensurate with the respective payment term related to the Combined Plan and the Excess Plan. 
 
 The American Rescue Plan Act ("ARP Act"), which was signed into law on March 11, 2021, established a special financial assistance program for financially troubled multiemployer pension plans. Under the ARP Act, eligible multiemployer plans can apply to receive a one-time cash payment in the amount projected by the PBGC to pay pension benefits through the plan year ending 2051. On July 9, 2021, the PBGC issued its interim final rule with respect to the special financial assistance program. The PBGC interim final rule provided direction on the application and eligibility requirements, including which plans will have priority, the determination of the amount of financial assistance to be provided and conditions and restrictions that apply to plans that receive the assistance. The Combined Plan was eligible to receive one-time special financial assistance and qualified to submit its application for billion in special financial assistance in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. The billion in special financial assistance was expected to provide the funding for the Combined Plan to remain solvent for at least years. Although the special financial assistance will have no impact on the Company's million payment obligation to the Combined Plan, the Company's estimated funding requirements for the Excess Plan were reduced as the contributions were not expected to commence until approximately 2045. As a result, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax gain of million million, net of tax) to reduce the pension liability for the Excess Plan to approximately million. During the first quarter of fiscal 2022, the Combined Plan received approval and payment from the PBGC for the billion in special financial assistance. 
 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2022, the PBGC issued the final rule with respect to the special financial assistance program which allowed for both additional funding and the investment of one third of the special financial assistance funds into return-seeking investments. Based on the final rule, on August 8, 2022, the Combined Plan submitted a supplemented application for additional funding of approximately million. The Combined Plan is now expected to remain solvent and therefore the Company currently does not expect to have any funding requirements for the Excess Plan. As a result, during fiscal 2022, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax gain of million to remove the pension liability for the Excess Plan. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, the Combined Plan received approval and payment of the additional funding. 
 
 National Fund: On July 21, 2020, the Company announced that it had entered into an agreement with the trustees of the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union ("UFCW") Union-Industry Pension Fund ("National Fund"), providing that the Company will permanently cease to have any obligation to contribute to the National Fund, a multiemployer pension plan, and will completely withdraw from the National Fund, effective as of 
 101 

Table of Contents 

UFCW local unions entered into a Memorandum of Understanding that permitted the withdrawal and required the establishment of a new multiemployer Variable Annuity Pension Plan (the "National VAPP") that will provide benefits to participants for future services, effective as of July 1, 2020. On November 30, 2020, these agreements became effective upon ratification by the membership of each of these local unions and the related agreements with the local unions whose members participate in the National Fund and are employed by the two largest contributors to the National Fund. As a result, the Company agreed to pay an aggregate of million to the National Fund, in full satisfaction of the Company's withdrawal liability amount and mass withdrawal liability amount. The Company recorded a pre-tax charge of approximately million million, net of tax) in the third quarter of fiscal 2020 to record the withdrawal liability. The Company paid million and million, including million of accrued interest, in fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2022, respectively, and will pay the remaining amount of million no later than June 30, 2023, any portion of which may be prepaid, in whole or in part. During fiscal 2021, the Company also pre-funded a transition reserve in the National VAPP to support certain grandfathered participants of approximately million to the National VAPP. 
 
 Collective Bargaining Agreements 
 
 As of February 25, 2023, the Company had approximately employees, of which approximately were covered by collective bargaining agreements. During fiscal 2022, collective bargaining agreements covering approximately employees were renegotiated. As of February 25, 2023, collective bargaining agreements covering approximately employees have expired or are scheduled to expire in fiscal 2023, including collective bargaining agreements covering approximately employees that have been renegotiated subsequent to the end of fiscal 2022. 
 
 Multiemployer Health and Welfare Plans 
 
 The Company makes contributions to multiemployer health and welfare plans in amounts specified in the applicable collective bargaining agreements. These plans provide medical, dental, pharmacy, vision, and other ancillary benefits to active employees and retirees as determined by the trustees of each plan. The majority of the Company's contributions cover active employees and as such, may not constitute contributions to a postretirement benefit plan. However, the Company is unable to separate contribution amounts to postretirement benefit plans from contribution amounts paid to active employee plans. Total contributions to multiemployer health and welfare plans were billion for fiscal 2022, and billion for each of fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020. 
 
 Defined Contribution Plans and Supplemental Retirement Plans 
 
 Many of the Company's employees are eligible to contribute a percentage of their compensation to defined contribution plans ("401(k) Plans"). Participants in the 401(k) Plans may become eligible to receive a profit-sharing allocation in the form of a discretionary Company contribution based on employee compensation. In addition, the Company may also provide matching contributions based on the amount of eligible compensation contributed by the employee. All Company contributions to the 401(k) Plans are made at the discretion of the Company's board of directors. The Company provides supplemental retirement benefits through a Company sponsored deferred executive compensation plan, which provides certain key employees with retirement benefits that supplement those provided by the 401(k) Plans. Total contributions accrued for these plans were million, million and million for fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 
 
 Merger-Related Retention Benefits 
 
 The Merger Agreement provides for the Company to establish a retention program to promote retention and to incentivize efforts to close the Merger and to ensure a successful and efficient integration process. On December 18, 2022, the retention program was approved, with an aggregate amount of up to million, as amended, covering certain executive officers and employees of the Company. The timing and amounts of the payments related to this 
 102 

Table of Contents 

of the award being paid upon the close of the Merger and of the award being paid after close of the Merger. In the event the Merger Agreement is terminated, of the award will be paid on October 13, 2024 and will be paid on October 13, 2025. Retention bonus expense accrued was million for fiscal 2022, and is included within Selling and administrative expenses. 

NOTE 13 - 
 
 million, payable in quarterly installments and effective through the IPO date. Prior to the IPO, the Company made one quarterly payment for management fees of million in fiscal 2020. 
 
 The Company paid Cerberus Operations and Advisory Company, LLC ("COAC"), an affiliate of Cerberus, fees totaling approximately million, million and million for fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively, for consulting services provided in connection with improving the Company's operations. 
 
 The Company paid Cerberus Technology Solutions ("CTS"), an affiliate of Cerberus, fees totaling approximately million, million, and million for fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively, for information technology advisory and implementation services in connection with modernizing the Company's information systems. 

NOTE 14 - 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

qui tam actions alleging violations of the False Claims Act ("FCA") have also been filed against the Company and its subsidiaries. Violations of the FCA are subject to treble damages and penalties of up to a specified dollar amount per false claim. 
 
 In United States ex rel. Proctor v. Safeway , filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois, the relator alleges that Safeway overcharged federal government healthcare programs by not providing the federal government, as part of its usual and customary prices, the benefit of discounts given to customers in pharmacy membership discount and price-matching programs. The relator filed his complaint under seal on November 11, 2011, and the complaint was unsealed on August 26, 2015. The relator amended the complaint on March 31, 2016. On June 12, 2020, the Court granted Safeway's motion for summary judgment, holding that the relator could not prove that Safeway acted with the intent required under the FCA, and judgment was issued on June 15, 2020. On July 10, 2020, the relator filed a motion to alter or amend the judgment and to supplement the record, which Safeway opposed. On November 13, 2020, the Court denied relator's motion, and on December 11, 2020, relator filed a notice of appeal. The Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the judgment in the Company's favor on April 5, 2022. On August 3, 2022, relators filed a petition seeking review by the U.S. Supreme Court. 
 
 In United States ex rel. Schutte and Yarberry v. SuperValu, New Albertson's, Inc., et al. , also filed in the Central District of Illinois, the relators allege that defendants (including various subsidiaries of the Company) overcharged federal government healthcare programs by not providing the federal government, as a part of usual and customary prices, the benefit of discounts given to customers who requested that defendants match competitor prices. The complaint was originally filed under seal and amended on November 30, 2015. On August 5, 2019, the Court granted relators' motion for partial summary judgment, holding that price-matched prices are the usual and customary prices for those drugs. On July 1, 2020, the Court granted the defendants' motions for summary judgment and dismissed the case, holding that the relator could not prove that defendants acted with the intent required under the FCA. Judgment was issued on July 2, 2020. On July 9, 2020, the relators filed a notice of appeal. On August 12, 2021, the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit affirmed the grant of summary judgment in the Company's favor. On September 23, 2021, the relators filed a petition for rehearing en banc with the Seventh Circuit. On December 3, 2021, the Seventh Circuit denied relators' petition. On April 1, 2022, relators filed a petition seeking review by the U.S. Supreme Court. 
 
 The U.S. Supreme Court has decided to hear the appeals filed by the relators in Proctor and Schutte . The Court has consolidated the two cases for the purpose of hearing the appeal. The Court heard oral arguments on April 18, 2023. 
 
 In both of the above cases, the federal government previously investigated the relators' allegations and declined to intervene. The relators elected to pursue their respective cases on their own and in each case have alleged FCA damages in excess of million before trebling and excluding penalties. The Company is vigorously defending each of these matters and believes each of these cases is without merit. The Company has recorded an estimated liability for these matters. 
 
 Pharmacy Benefit Manager (PBM) Litigation: The Company (including its subsidiary, Safeway Inc.) is a defendant in a lawsuit filed on January 21, 2021, in Minnesota state court, captioned Health Care Service Corp. et al. v. Albertsons Companies, LLC, et al. The action challenges certain prescription-drug prices reported by the Company to a pharmacy benefit manager, Prime Therapeutics LLC ("Prime"), which in turn contracted with the health-insurer plaintiffs to adjudicate and process prescription-drug reimbursement claims. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

suits pending in various state courts as well as in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, where over cases against various defendants have been consolidated as Multi-District Litigation pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 1407. Most of the cases naming the Company have been stayed pending multiple bellwether trials, including two involving the Company: Tarrant County (Texas) and Santa Fe County (New Mexico). Both bellwether trials involving the Company are currently in early stages of discovery. The relief sought by the various plaintiffs in these matters includes compensatory damages, abatement and punitive damages as well as injunctive relief. 
 
 Prior to the start of a state-court trial that was scheduled for September 6, 2022, the Company reached an agreement to settle with the state of New Mexico. The state has advised the Company that the New Mexico counties and municipal entities that filed additional lawsuits, including Santa Fe County, have agreed to the terms of the settlement. Thus, pending the entry of dismissal orders, all cases filed by New Mexico entities will be concluded as a result of the settlement. The Company has also executed an agreement to settle three matters pending in Nevada state court. The Company recorded an estimated liability of million for the settlements of the cases in New Mexico and Nevada which was paid by our insurers in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. With respect to the remaining pending state court claims, which may not be covered by insurance, several are proceeding through discovery with only one scheduled for trial in 2023 which is expected to be continued to 2024. The Company believes that it has substantial factual and legal defenses to these claims, and is vigorously defending these matters. At this stage in the proceedings, the Company is unable to determine the probability of the outcome of these remaining matters or the range of reasonably possible loss, if any. 
 
 The Company has also received, subpoenas, CIDs and other requests for documents and information from the U.S. Department of Justice and certain state Attorneys General, and has had preliminary discussions with the Department of Justice with respect to purported violations of the federal Controlled Substances Act and the federal False Claims Act in dispensing prescriptions. The Company has been cooperating with the government with respect to these requests for information. 
 
 Oregon Class Action: A class action lawsuit entitled Schearon Stewart and Jason Stewart v. Safeway Inc. is pending in Circuit Court, County of Multnomah, State of Oregon. Plaintiffs have alleged that Safeway engaged in 
 105 

Table of Contents 

million, which agreement received preliminary approval by the court on March 6, 2023. The settlement includes a claim administration process whereby affected customers, who do not elect to opt-out of the settlement, file a claim to participate in the settlement. The court has scheduled a hearing for July 10, 2023, at which it will decide whether to grant final approval of the settlement. The Company has recorded an estimated liability equal to the amount of this pending settlement. 
 
 Plated Litigation: On September 1, 2020, a complaint entitled Shareholder Representative Services LLC v. Albertsons Companies Inc. was filed in Delaware Chancery Court where Shareholder Representative Services LLC sued on behalf of former stockholders and rightsholders of DineInFresh, Inc. d/b/a Plated ("Plated"). Plaintiff alleged that, following the Company's acquisition of Plated, pursuant to a September 19, 2017 Agreement and Plan of Merger, the Company intentionally engaged in conduct to prevent Plated from reaching certain milestones that would have resulted in post-acquisition consideration paid to Plated stockholders and rightsholders. Plaintiff alleged breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and fraudulent inducement. On October 21, 2020, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. On June 7, 2021, the Court granted the motion in part, dismissing all claims except for the breach-of-contract claim. The Company is vigorously defending itself in the lawsuit and believes that the case is without merit. The Company has recorded an estimated liability for this matter. 
 
 Other Commitments 

NOTE 15 - 

106 

Table of Contents 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (1) ) ) Tax benefit (expense) ) Current-period other comprehensive income (loss), net ) Ending AOCI balance ) 
 
 Fiscal 2021 Total Pension and Post-retirement benefit plan items Other Beginning AOCI balance Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (1) ) ) Tax (expense) benefit ) ) Current-period other comprehensive income (loss), net ) Ending AOCI balance 

NOTE 16 - 
 
 million per fiscal year. Holders of Convertible Preferred Stock participated in the Special Dividend upon the same terms as holders of Class A common stock. In applying the two-class method to interim periods, the Company allocates income to its quarterly periods independently and discretely from its year-to-date and annual periods. Basic net income per Class A common share is computed by dividing net income allocated to Class A common stockholders by the weighted average number of Class A common shares outstanding for the period, including Class A common shares to be issued with no prior remaining contingencies prior to issuance. Diluted net income per Class A common share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding during each period, plus potential Class A common shares considered outstanding during the period, as long as the inclusion of such awards is not antidilutive. Potential Class A common shares consist of unvested RSUs and RSAs and Convertible Preferred 
 107 

Table of Contents 

Special Dividend on Convertible Preferred Stock ) Accrued dividends on Convertible Preferred Stock ) ) ) Earnings allocated to Convertible Preferred Stock ) Net income allocated to Class A common stockholders - Basic Weighted average Class A common shares outstanding - Basic (1) Basic net income per Class A common share Diluted net income per Class A common share Net income allocated to Class A common stockholders - Basic Accrued dividends on Convertible Preferred Stock Earnings allocated to Convertible Preferred Stock Net income allocated to Class A common stockholders - Diluted Weighted average Class A common shares outstanding - Basic (1) Dilutive effect of: Restricted stock units and awards Convertible Preferred Stock (2) Weighted average Class A common shares outstanding - Diluted (3) Diluted net income per Class A common share 
 (1) Fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 include million, million and million Class A common shares remaining to be issued, respectively. 
 (2) Reflects the number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock issued, if converted into common stock for the period outstanding. For fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, million and million potential common shares outstanding related to Convertible Preferred Stock were antidilutive, respectively. 
 (3) The number of potential Class A common shares outstanding related to RSUs and RSAs that were antidilutive for fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 were not material. 

Item 9 - Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 

Item 9A - Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company's reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of February 25, 2023. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of February 25, 2023. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 2013 framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Based on our evaluation under such framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of February 25, 2023. 
 
 The attestation of Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is included in "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B - Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C - Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 For information concerning executive officers, see "Executive Officers of the Registrant" located under "Part I Item 1. Business" herein. 
 
 Information concerning directors and certain other corporate governance matters is included under the captions "Proposal 1 - Election of Directors," "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" and "Corporate Governance" in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days after the end of fiscal 2022, and that information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers responsible for financial reporting. We have made a current copy of the code available on our website, www.Albertsonscompanies.com and is also available to any stockholder who requests a copy of the code. In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law or NYSE listing standards concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code. 

Item 11 - Executive Compensation 
 
 Information required by this Item is included under the captions "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Director Compensation," "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" and "Compensation Committee Report" in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days after the end of fiscal 2022, and that information is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 12 - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Related Member Matters 
 
 Information required by this Item is included under the captions "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" and "Equity Compensation Plan Information" in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days after the end of fiscal 2022, and that information is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 13 - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Information required by this Item is included under the captions "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions" and "Corporate Governance" in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days after the end of fiscal 2022, and that information is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 14 - Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 Information required by this Item is included under the caption "Proposal 2 - Ratification of Independent Registered Accounting Firm" in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days after the end of fiscal 2022, and that information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15 - Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 Page (a)1. Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 56 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of February 25, 2023 and February 26, 2022 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended February 25, 2023, February 26, 2022 and February 27, 2021 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended February 25, 2023, February 26, 2022 and February 27, 2021 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended February 25, 2023, February 26, 2022 and February 27, 2021 
 64 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 65 
 (a)2. Financial Statement Schedules: There are no Financial Statement Schedules included in this filing for the reason that they are not applicable or are not required or the information is included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 (a)3. (b) Exhibits: 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 13, 2022, by and among Albertsons Companies Inc., the Kroger Co. and Kettle Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 14, 2022) 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Albertsons Companies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2020) 
 3.1.1 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Albertsons Companies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 18, 2020) 
 3.1.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Albertsons Companies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on October 20, 2021) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Albertsons Companies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2020) 
 3.3 Certificate of Designations of 6.75 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2020) 
 3.3.1 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designations of 6.75 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2020) 
 3.4 Certificate of Designations of 6.75 Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2020) 
 3.4.1 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designations of 6.75 Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2020) 
 3.5 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designations of 6.75 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Albertsons Companies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 19, 2022) 
 4.1 Stockholders' Agreement by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc. and holders of stock of Albertsons Companies, Inc. signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2020) 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. Description 4.2 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc. and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2020) 
 4.2.1 Amendment No. 1, dated as of December 9, 2021, to the Registration Rights Agreement by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc. and the investors party thereto, dated June 9th 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on January 12, 2022) 
 4.3 Form of Lock-Up Agreement by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc. and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 18, 2020) 
 4.4 Indenture, dated September 10, 1997, between Safeway Inc., and the Bank of New York, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Albertsons Companies, LLC's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on May 19, 2017) 
 4.5 Form of Officers' Certificate establishing the terms of Safeway Inc.'s 7.45 Senior Debentures due 2027, including the form of Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Albertsons Companies, LLC's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on May 19, 2017) 
 4.6 Form of Officers' Certificate establishing the terms of Safeway Inc.'s 7.25 Debentures due 2031, including the form of Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Albertsons Companies, LLC's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on May 19, 2017) 
 4.7 Indenture, dated May 1, 1992, between New Albertson's, Inc. (as successor to Albertson's, Inc.) and U.S. Bank Trust National Association (as successor to Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York), as trustee (as supplemented by Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of May 7, 2004; Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of June 1, 2006; Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of December 29, 2008 and Supplemental Indenture No. 4, dated as of December 3, 2017) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2018) 
 4.8 Indenture, dated May 1, 1995, between American Stores Company, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (as successor to The First National bank of Chicago), as trustee (as further supplemented) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Albertsons Companies, LLC's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on May 19, 2017) 
 4.9 Indenture, dated as of February 5, 2019, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc., Safeway Inc., New Albertsons, L.P., Albertson's LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee with respect to the 7.5 Senior Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 5, 2019) 
 4.9.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 17, 2019, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc., Safeway Inc., New Albertsons, L.P., Albertson's LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee with respect to the 7.5 Senior Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 24, 2019) 
 4.9.2 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2020, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc., Safeway Inc., New Albertsons, L.P., Albertson's LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee with respect to the 7.5 Senior Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 10, 2020) 
 4.10 Indenture, dated as of August 15, 2019, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc., Safeway Inc., New Albertsons, L.P., Albertson's LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee with respect to the 5.875 Senior Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 15, 2019) 
 4.10.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2020, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc., Safeway Inc., New Albertsons, L.P., Albertson's LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee with respect to the 5.875 Senior Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 10, 2020) 
 4.11 Indenture, dated as of November 22, 2019, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc., Safeway Inc., New Albertsons, L.P., Albertson's LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee with respect to the 4.625 Senior Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 22, 2019) 
 4.11.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2020, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc., Safeway Inc., New Albertsons, L.P., Albertson's LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee with respect to the 4.625 Senior Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 10, 2020) 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. Description 4.12 Indenture, dated as of February 5, 2020, by and among Albertsons Companies Inc., Safeway Inc., New Albertsons, L.P., Albertson's LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to the 3.50 Senior Notes due 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 5, 2020) 
 4.12.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2020, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc., Safeway Inc., New Albertsons, L.P., Albertson's LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee with respect to the 3.50 Senior Notes due 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 10, 2020) 
 4.13 Indenture, dated as of February 5, 2020, by and among Albertsons Companies Inc., Safeway Inc., New Albertsons, L.P., Albertson's LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to the 4.875 Senior Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 5, 2020) 
 4.13.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2020, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc., Safeway Inc., New Albertsons, L.P., Albertson's LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee with respect to the 4.875 Senior Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 10, 2020) 
 4.14 Indenture, dated as of August 31, 2020, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc., Safeway Inc., New Albertsons L.P., Albertson's LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to the 3.250 Senior Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2020) 
 4.15 Indenture, dated as of August 31, 2020, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc., Safeway Inc., New Albertsons L.P., Albertson's LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to the 3.500 Senior Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2020) 
 4.16 Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2023, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc., Safeway Inc., New Albertsons L.P., Albertson's LLC, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to the 6.500 Senior Notes, due 2028 (Incorpor ated by reference to Ex hibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8- K filed with the SE C on February 14, 2023) 
 10.1 Third Amended and Restated Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2018, among Albertsons Companies, Inc., as lead borrower, the subsidiary borrowers and guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as administrative and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 16, 2018) 
 10.1.1 Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 20, 2020, to the Third Amended and Restated Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2018, among Albertsons Companies, Inc., as lead borrower, the subsidiary borrowers and guarantors from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as administrative and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2020) 
 10.1.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2021, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc. certain of its subsidiaries signatory thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021) 
 10.2 Employment Agreement, dated March 25, 2019, between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Vivek Sankaran (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2019) 
 10.3 Emeritus Agreement, dated March 25, 2019, between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Robert G. Miller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2019) 
 10.4 Emeritus Agreement, dated December 16, 2019, between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Robert G. Miller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on January 8, 2020) 
 10.5 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of April 25, 2019, by and between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and James L. Donald (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 22, 2019) 
 10.6 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated May 1, 2019, between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Anuj Dhanda (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on January 8, 2020) 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. Description 10.7 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated May 1, 2019, between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Susan Morris (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on January 8, 2020) 
 10.8 Employment Agreement, dated August 19, 2019, between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Michael Theilmann (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020) 
 10.9 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 1, 2019, between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Christine Rupp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020) 
 10.10 Employment Agreement, dated June 15, 2020, between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Juliette Pryor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021) 
 10.11 Employment Agreement, dated August 4, 2021, between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Sharon McCollam (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 11, 2021) 
 10.12 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020) 
 10.13 Albertsons Companies, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 18, 2020) 
 10.14 Albertsons Companies, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 10, 2020) 
 10.15 Amended and Restated Investment Agreement by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc. and the investors party thereto, dated June 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2020) 
 10.15.1 Amendment No.1, dated as of June 25, 2020, to the Amended and Restated Investment Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2020, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc. and each of the investors named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2020) 
 10.16 Amended and Restated Real Estate Agreement by and between ACI Real Estate Company LLC and AL RE Investor Holdings, LLC, dated June 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2020) 
 10.17 Unitary Master Sublease between ACI Real Estate Company LLC, as Landlord, and the entities set forth therein, as Tenant, dated June 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2020) 
 10.18 Form of time-based restricted stock unit agreement (fiscal 2021 award cycle) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021) 
 10.19 Form of performance-based restricted stock unit agreement (fiscal 2021 award cycle) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021) 
 10.19.1 Amendment No. 1, dated February 23, 2022, to 2021 performance-based restricted stock unit award agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 26, 2022) 
 10.20 Form of time-based restricted stock unit agreement (fiscal 2022 award cycle) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 26, 2022) 
 10.21 Form of performance-based restricted stock unit agreement (fiscal 2022 award cycle) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 26, 2022) 
 10.22 Lock-Up Agreement by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc. and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 22, 2022) 
 10.23 Employment Agreement, dated July 20, 2022, between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Anuj Dhanda (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022) 
 10.24 Employment Agreement, dated July 20, 2022, between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Susan Morris (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022) 
 10.25 Amendment No. 1, dated September 9, 2022, to the Lock-Up Agreement dated June 21, 2022 by and between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022) 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. Description 10.26 Lock-Up Agreement, dated September 9, 2022, by and between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022) 
 10.27 Lock-Up Agreement, dated October 13, 2022, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc. and entities affiliated with Cerberus (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022) 
 10.28 Lock-Up Agreement, dated October 13, 2022, by and between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Jubilee Limited Partnership (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022) 
 10.29 Lock-Up Agreement, dated October 13, 2022, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc. and entities affiliated with Lubert-Adler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022) 
 10.30 L ock-Up Agreement, dated October 13, 2022, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc. and entities affiliated with Kimco (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022) 
 10.31 Lock-Up Agreement, dated October 13, 2022, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc. and entities affiliated with Klaff (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022) 
 10.32 Short-term Lock-Up Agreement, dated October 13, 2022, by and between Albertsons Companies, Inc. and HPS (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022) 
 10.33 Support Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2022, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Cerberus Albertsons Incentive LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 19, 2022) 
 10.34 Support Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2022, by and among Albertsons Companies, Inc. and Cerberus Iceberg LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 19, 2022) 
 10.35 Form of Special Retention Incentive Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 7, 2023) 
 10.36 Form of performance-based restricted stock unit agreement (fiscal 2023 award cycle) 
 10.37 Form of time-based restricted stock unit agreement (fiscal 2023 award cycle) 
 10.38 Form of time-based restricted stock unit agreement (grant date anniversary vest) 
 10.39 Form of time-based restricted stock unit agreement (board of directors) 
 10.40 Amendment No. 1 to form of performance-based restricted stock unit agreement (fiscal 2022 award cycle) 
 21.1 Schedule of Subsidiaries of Albertsons Companies, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte and Touche LLP 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Constitutes a compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed with this Form 10-K. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

Item 16 - Summary 
 None. 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. 
 Date: April 25, 2023 By: /s/ Vivek Sankaran Vivek Sankaran Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Vivek Sankaran Chief Executive Officer and Director April 25, 2023 Vivek Sankaran (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Sharon McCollam President and Chief Financial Officer April 25, 2023 Sharon McCollam (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Robert B. Larson Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer April 25, 2023 Robert B. Larson (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ James L. Donald Co-Chairman April 25, 2023 James L. Donald /s/ Chan Galbato Co-Chairman April 25, 2023 Chan Galbato /s/ Sharon L. Allen Director April 25, 2023 Sharon L. Allen /s/ Kim Fennebresque Director April 25, 2023 Kim Fennebresque /s/ Allen M. Gibson Director April 25, 2023 Allen M. Gibson /s/ Alan H. Schumacher Director April 25, 2023 Alan H. Schumacher 
 117 

Table of Contents 

Signature Title Date /s/ B. Kevin Turner Vice Chairman April 25, 2023 B. Kevin Turner /s/ Mary Beth West Director April 25, 2023 Mary Beth West /s/ Scott Wille Director April 25, 2023 Scott Wille 
 118 

<EX-10.36>
 2
 aciq4-22ex1036.htm
 EX-10.36

Document 

Exhibit 10.36 
 ALBERTSONS COMPANIES, INC. 
 2020 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to the Albertsons Companies, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants to the Participant named below an Award of Restricted Stock Units. Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ), which includes the Notice of Grant (the Notice of Grant and Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A (including the Appendix ), shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 Notice of Grant 
 Participant #Participant Name# Grant Date #Grant Date# Award Term 2023-2025 Target Number of Restricted Stock Units Fiscal Year 2023 2024 2025 Target Number #Vest Qty 1# #Vest Qty 2# #Vest Qty 3# Vesting Schedule See the Appendix to Exhibit A, attached hereto 

The Participant and the Company agree that this Award of Restricted Stock Units is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A, all of which are incorporated into this Agreement. 
 
 ALBERTSONS COMPANIES, INC. PARTICIPANT By Name Name Juliette Pryor Title Executive Vice President, ______ General Counsel & Secretary 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 
 
 1. Grant . The Company hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant (the Participant the right to be awarded Restricted Stock Units in respect of each Fiscal Year during the Award Term, subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 2. Awarding and Vesting . The Participant shall be awarded and become vested in the Restricted Stock Units subject to the Award as set forth on the Appendix. 
 
 3. Section 409A Compliance . To the extent the Award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), then (a) this Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the Restricted Stock Units subject to this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent and (b) if the Participant is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A of the Code at the time of the Participant s Termination of Service, then solely to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, no shares of Common Stock shall be delivered in respect of any Restricted Stock Units until the date that is six months following the date of the Participant s Termination of Service or, if earlier, the Participant s death. 
 
 4. Taxes . The Company shall have the power and the right to require the Participant to remit to the Company the amount necessary to satisfy federal, state, provincial and local taxes, domestic or foreign, required by law or regulation to be withheld, and to deduct or withhold shares of Common Stock (or, as applicable, the number of Restricted Stock Units in the Participant s Account) deliverable under the Award to satisfy such withholding obligation. Unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee, the Company shall withhold a number of shares of Common Stock (or, as applicable, the number of Restricted Stock Units in the Participant s Account) equal in value to the amount necessary to satisfy federal, state, provincial and local taxes, domestic or foreign, required by law or regulation to be withheld. The amount withheld shall be the amount necessary to satisfy the Participant s tax liability up to the maximum expected tax liability, provided that such withholding does not result in adverse tax or accounting consequences to the Company. 
 
 5. General . 
 
 (a) Amendments . No amendment, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall materially and adversely affect the rights of the Participant under this Agreement without the consent of the Participant. 
 
 (b) Notices . Any notice or other communication required or which may be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (i) on the date of transmission, if delivered by facsimile or electronic mail, (ii) on the date of delivery, if delivered by hand, (iii) on the first business day following the date of mailing, if sent by a nationally recognized overnight express mail service, or (iv) on the fourth business day after the date of mailing, if sent by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, as follows 
 2 

(i) If to the Company, to 
 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. 
 250 Parkcenter Blvd. 
 Boise, ID 83706 
 Attention Executive Vice President, Chief Human 
 Resources Officer 
 
 With a copy to General Counsel 
 
 (ii) If to the Participant, to the address listed in the personnel records of the Company. 
 (c) Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors and permitted assigns. The Participant may not assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 
 (d) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 (e) Descriptive Headings, Etc. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning of terms contained herein. Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires (i) words of any gender shall be deemed to include each other gender (ii) words using the singular or plural number shall also include the plural or singular number, respectively (iii) the words hereof herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section and paragraph references are to the Sections and paragraphs of this Agreement unless otherwise specified (iv) the word including and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall mean including, without limitation, unless otherwise specified (v) or is not exclusive and (vi) provisions apply to successive events and transactions. 
 
 (f) Severability . If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable by any court of law in any jurisdiction, the remaining provisions hereof and thereof shall be severable and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and all provisions shall remain enforceable in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 (g) Choice of Law and Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws, and to applicable federal laws. The parties agree that any legal claim arising from or related to this Agreement that may be pursued in a court of law shall be pursued exclusively in a court of competent subject matter jurisdiction located Idaho, and the parties consent to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Idaho and waive all objections to same (based on convenience, cost, location of witnesses or evidence, or otherwise) provided, however, that if for any reason personal jurisdiction cannot be maintained over a party in accordance with the forgoing choice of venue clause then it shall not apply. 
 3 

(h) Waiver of Jury Trial . THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION IN ANY COURT WITH RESPECT TO, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF. THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE THAT THIS SECTION IS A SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL ASPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT AND WOULD NOT ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT IF THIS SECTION WERE NOT PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
 
 (i) Entire Agreement . This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings relating to such subject matter, other than those set forth or referred to herein. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter. 
 
 (j) Further Assurances . Each party hereto shall do and perform or cause to be done and performed all such further acts and things and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as any other party hereto reasonably may request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 (k) Construction . The Company and the Participant acknowledge that each of them has had the benefit of legal counsel of its own choice and has been afforded an opportunity to review this Agreement with its legal counsel and that this Agreement shall be construed as if jointly drafted by the Company and the Participant. 
 
 (l) Unfunded Status of Award . Except upon the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, any rights of the Participant under the Plan and this Agreement shall be those of a general unsecured creditor of the Company, and neither the Participant nor the Participant s permitted transferees or estate shall have any other interest in any assets of the Company or its subsidiaries by virtue of the Plan or this Agreement. 
 
 (m) Plan Governs . This Award is made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. 
 
 (n) No Employment Rights . Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the Service of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to terminate the employment or other service relationship of the Participant for any reason or no reason at any time. 
 
 (o) No Rights as Stockholder . The Participant shall not have any rights as a stockholder with respect to the shares subject to this Award until shares of Common Stock are delivered to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 4 

(p) Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion (i) deliver any documents related to the Award by electronic means or (ii) request the Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive all documentation applicable to the Award by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line (and or voice activated) system established and maintained by the Company or a third party vendor designated by the Company. If the Participant does not accept this Award in the manner designated by the Company not later than 90 days after the Grant Date above (or within 90 days of the electronic notification of such Grant, whichever occurs later) this Award may be rendered void and without effect. 
 
 (q) Data Privacy . The Participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal Data (defined below) as described in this subsection. The Company and its affiliates hold certain personal information about the Participant, including the Participant s name, home address, personal telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, information regarding Shares held or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Data ). The Company and its affiliates may transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of the Participant s participation in the Plan, and the Company and its affiliates may each further transfer Data to any third parties assisting the Company or any such related entity in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. The Participant acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such Data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of Shares on the Participant s behalf to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan (whether pursuant to the Award or otherwise). 

APPENDIX 
 
 1. Definitions . 
 
 Accrual Factor means, with respect to a Fiscal Year, a number equal to the product of (i) the EPS Accrual Percentage (as determined in accordance with Section 2(a)) and (ii) the ROIC Modifier (as determined in accordance with Section 2(b)). 
 
 Accrued RSUs means the Restricted Stock Units credited to the Participant s RSU Account in accordance with this Appendix. 
 
 Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
 
 Change in Control Period means the 24-month period following a Change in Control. 
 
 5 

Competitive Activity means the Participant s engagement, directly or indirectly, as principal, agent, independent contractor, consultant, director, officer, employee, employer, advisor, stockholder, partner, member or in any other individual or representative capacity whatsoever, whether paid or unpaid, either for the Participant s own benefit or the benefit of any other person or entity, other than on behalf of the Company, to organize, establish, own, operate, manage, control, engage in, participate in, invest in, permit the Participant s name to be used by, act as a consultant or advisor to, render services for (alone or in association with any person, firm, corporation or business organization), or otherwise assist any person or entity that engages in or owns, invests in, operates, manages or controls any venture or enterprise which engages or proposes to engage in (i) the business conducted by the Company or any of its subsidiaries on the date of the Participant s Termination of Service in the geographic locations where the Company or any of its subsidiaries engage in such business or (ii) any business which, to the Participant s knowledge, the Company or any of its subsidiaries propose to engage in within the twelve (12) month period following the date of the Participant s Termination of Service in the geographic locations where the Company or any of its subsidiaries propose to engage in such business. 
 
 Closed Fiscal Year means a Fiscal Year in the Award Term that has ended. 
 
 Disability shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
 
 Early Retirement means, prior to the Participant s attainment of age 62, the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, other than for Cause, death or Disability, on or after the Participant s (i) attainment of age 55 and (ii) completion of 10 years of continuous service with the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Participant s years of service shall be determined by the Committee in accordance with predetermined, nondiscretionary rules established by the Company. 
 
 EPS means, with respect to a particular Fiscal Year, the Company s Adjusted Net Income Per Class A Common Share, as defined in the Company s Form 10-K for such Fiscal Year, as consistently applied to each Fiscal Year and in a manner determined and approved by the Committee within a reasonable time period following the commencement of the Fiscal Year. 
 
 EPS Goal means, with respect to a particular Fiscal Year, a target amount of EPS to be achieved by the Company during such Fiscal Year, as set by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 
 Final Date means the final day of the third Fiscal Year of the Award Term. 
 
 Fiscal Year means a fiscal year of the Company (excluding fiscal years of less than 12 months). 
 
 Good Reason has the meaning set forth in the Participant s written employment agreement with the Company, if any. If the participant does not have a written employment agreement with the Company that defines such term, then this definition, and the corresponding provision set forth in Section 6(c) of this Appendix, is inapplicable to the Participant. 
 
 Normal Retirement means the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, other than for Cause, death or Disability, on or after the Participant s attainment of age 
 6 

62, and forbearance from engaging in any work or activity that would constitute Competitive Activity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary place of employment or services as of the Participant s Termination of Service is California, North Dakota, Oklahoma or any state that prohibits the enforcement of post-employment non-competition agreements, the Participant s engaging in any work or activity that would constitute Competitive Activity after the Participant s Termination of Service shall not cause the Participant to fail to qualify for Normal Retirement. 
 
 Open Fiscal Year means each Fiscal Year in the Award Term that has commenced but not yet ended or has not yet commenced. 
 
 ROIC means, with respect to a particular Fiscal Year, the Company s return on invested capital for a Fiscal Year, determined by dividing (i) the Company s adjusted operating profit for such Fiscal Year, by (ii) the Company s average invested capital for such Fiscal Year. For purposes of the calculation of ROIC, the Company s adjusted operating profit for a Fiscal Year shall exclude certain items included in the Company s U.S. GAAP operating profit that management does not consider in assessing core performance in addition to adjustments for LIFO charges (credits), depreciation and amortization and rent to the Company s U.S. GAAP operating profit for the Fiscal Year. For purposes of the calculation of ROIC, the Company s average invested capital for a Fiscal Year shall be calculated as the sum of (i) the average of the Company s total assets, (ii) the average LIFO reserve, (iii) the average accumulated depreciation and amortization minus (i) the average taxes receivable, (ii) the average trade accounts payable, (iii) the average accrued salaries and wages, (iv) the average other current liabilities, excluding accrued income taxes and (v) certain other adjustments as appropriately determined. ROIC shall be consistently applied to each Fiscal Year and approved by the Committee within a reasonable time period following the commencement of the Fiscal Year. 
 
 ROIC Goal means, with respect to a particular Fiscal Year, a target amount of ROIC to be achieved by the Company during such Fiscal Year, as set by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 
 RSU Account means an unfunded bookkeeping account, notionally established on behalf of the Participant, that will be credited with any Accrued RSUs pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 Target Number means, with respect to a particular Fiscal Year, the target number of Restricted Stock Units in respect of such Fiscal Year specified in the Notice of Grant. 

2. Performance Criteria. At the end of each Fiscal Year of the Award Term, the Participant s RSU Account shall be credited with that number of Accrued RSUs equal to the Target Number for such Fiscal Year multiplied by the Accrual Factor for such Fiscal Year. 
 
 (a) EPS Accrual Percentage. The EPS Accrual Percentage for a particular Fiscal Year shall be determined as indicated in the table below by comparing the Company s EPS for such Fiscal Year to the EPS Goal for such Fiscal Year (expressed as a percentage) 

7 

Attainment of EPS Goal (EPS EPS Goal) EPS Accrual Percentage Less than 70 0 70 50 100 100 Greater than or equal to 120 160 
 
 If the Company s EPS for a Fiscal Year as compared to the EPS Goal for such Fiscal Year falls between the percentiles specified in the table above, the EPS Accrual Percentage for such Fiscal Year shall be determined on a straight-line interpolated basis. In no event shall the EPS Accrual Percentage for a Fiscal Year be more than 160 . 
 
 (b) ROIC Modifier. The ROIC Modifier for a particular Fiscal Year shall be determined as indicated in the table below by comparing the Company s ROIC for such Fiscal Year to the ROIC Goal for such Fiscal Year (expressed as a percentage) Attainment of ROIC Goal (ROIC ROIC Goal) ROIC Modifier Less than or equal to 89 75 Greater than 89 but less than 107 100 Greater than or equal to 107 125 
 
 In no event shall the ROIC Modifier for a Fiscal Year be more than 125 . 
 
 3. Dividend Equivalent Rights . If the Company declares and pays a cash dividend on the shares of Common Stock, the Participant s RSU Account will be credited with an additional number of Accrued RSUs equal to (a) the product of (i) the number of Accrued RSUs in the Participant s RSU Account (including additional Accrued RSUs previously credited to the Participant s RSU Account in accordance with this Section 3) for which shares of Common Stock have not been delivered to the Participant as of the dividend payment date, and (ii) the amount of the cash dividend paid per share of Common Stock divided by (b) the Fair Market Value (which shall be equal to the closing price) of a share of Common Stock on the dividend payment date. Each additional Accrued RSU credited to the Participant s RSU Account pursuant to this Section 3 shall be subject to the same terms, conditions and restrictions as the underlying Accrued RSUs to which such additional Accrued RSU relates. 
 
 4. Termination of Service . 
 
 (a) If the Participant incurs a Termination of Service prior to the Final Date other than due to Participant s death, Disability, Early Retirement or Normal Retirement, the entire Award, including any Accrued RSUs credited to the Participant s RSU Account in respect of any Completed Fiscal Year, shall be immediately forfeited by the Participant and cancelled, without the payment of consideration. 
 8 

(b) If the Participant incurs a Termination of Service due to the Participant s death or Disability 
 
 (i) the Participant s RSU Account shall be immediately credited with that number of Accrued RSUs equal to the Target Number in respect of each Open Fiscal Year and 
 
 (ii) the Participant shall not be entitled to have any additional Accrued RSUs credited to the Participant s RSU Account in respect of the Award Term or under this Agreement. 
 
 (c) If the Participant incurs a Termination of Service that qualifies as an Early Retirement 
 
 (i) at the end of the Fiscal Year in which the Participant s Early Retirement occurs, the Participant s RSU Account shall be credited with that number of Accrued RSUs equal to the product of (A) that number of Accrued RSUs, calculated pursuant to Section 2 of this Appendix, which would have been credited to the Participant s RSU Account for the Open Fiscal Year in which the Participant s Early Retirement occurs, and (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days elapsed in the period beginning on the first day of the Fiscal Year in which the Participant s Early Retirement occurs and ending on the date the Participant s Early Retirement occurs and the denominator of which is the number of days in the Fiscal Year in which the Participant s Early Retirement occurs and 
 
 (ii) the Participant shall not be entitled to have any additional Accrued RSUs credited to the Participant s RSU Account in respect of the Award Term or under this Agreement. 
 
 (d) If the Participant incurs a Termination of Service that qualifies as a Normal Retirement, at the end of each Open Fiscal Year, the Participant s RSU Account shall be credited with that number of Accrued RSUs, calculated pursuant to Section 2 of this Appendix which would have been credited to the Participant s RSU Account in respect of such Open Fiscal Year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Participant s death following the Participant s Normal Retirement but prior to the Final Date, the Participant s RSU Account shall be credited with that number of Accrued RSUs equal to the Target Number in respect of each Open Fiscal Year (determined as of the date of the Participant s death) and the Participant shall not be entitled to have any additional Accrued RSUs credited to the Participant s RSU Account in respect of the Award Term or under this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 4(d) to the contrary, if the Participant engages in work or other activity that causes the Participant to no longer qualify for Normal Retirement treatment (such as Competitive Activity) following the Participant s Termination of Service, (i) with respect to a Participant who is otherwise eligible for Early Retirement (i.e., age 62 or older with 10 years of service), they will be eligible for Early Retirement treatment, and (ii) otherwise, the Participant will no longer be qualified to receive and retain any portion of the Award that has not yet vested as of the date the Participant engages in activity that causes the Participant to no longer qualify for Normal Retirement. The Participant must immediately provide notice to the Company as set forth in Section 5(b) of the Agreement if the Participant engages in Competitive Activity. 
 
 9 

5. Award Settlement . Subject to Section 3 of the Agreement, as soon as reasonably practicable following the applicable settlement date, but in no event later than the fifteenth day of the third month following the end of the Fiscal Year in which the applicable settlement date occurs, the Company shall deliver to the Participant one share of Common Stock for each Accrued RSU in the Participant s RSU Account (with any fractional shares of Common Stock being rounded to the nearest whole share of Common Stock), to the extent not otherwise forfeited or cancelled pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (provided, that, if the Award is considered nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), delivery of such Common Stock shall be within the calendar year in which the applicable settlement date occurs). For purposes of this Section 5, the applicable settlement date shall be the Final Date, provided, however, if the Participant incurs a Termination of Service due to the Participant s death or Disability, the applicable settlement date shall be the Participant s Termination of Service. 
 
 6. Change in Control . Notwithstanding anything in this Appendix to the contrary, if a Change in Control occurs during the Award Term 
 
 (a) Upon such Change in Control, the Participant s RSU Account shall immediately be credited with a number of Accrued RSUs equal to the Target Number in respect of each Open Fiscal Year as of the date of the Change in Control and thereafter Participant shall not be entitled to have any additional Accrued RSUs credited to the Participant s RSU Account in respect of the Award Term or under this Agreement. 
 
 (b) If, during a Change in Control Period, the Participant incurs a Termination of Service by the Company without Cause, the Participant shall become fully vested in any portion of the Award that has not yet vested (to the extent not previously forfeited or cancelled) immediately upon such Termination of Service by the Company. 
 
 (c) To the extent the Participant has an employment agreement with the Company that defines Good Reason, if the Participant resigns for Good Reason, the Participant shall become fully vested in any portion of the Award that has not yet vested (to the extent not previously forfeited or cancelled) immediately upon such Termination of Service. 
 
 (d) If, prior to the Change in Control, the Participant has incurred a Termination of Service which qualifies as an Early Retirement, then to the extent such Change in Control occurs in the Fiscal Year in which the Participant s Early Retirement occurs 
 
 (i) the Participant s RSU Account shall immediately be credited with that number of Accrued RSUs equal to the product of (i) the Target Number for the Open Fiscal Year in which the Participant s Early Retirement occurs, and (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days elapsed in the period beginning on the first day of the Fiscal Year in which the Participant s Early Retirement occurs and ending on the date the Participant s Early Retirement occurs and the denominator of which is the number of days in the Fiscal Year in which the Participant s Early Retirement occurs and 
 
 (ii) the Participant shall not be entitled to have any additional Accrued RSUs credited to the Participant s RSU Account in respect of the Award Term or under this Agreement. 
 10 

(e) If, prior to the Change in Control, the Participant has incurred a Termination of Service which qualifies as a Normal Retirement, upon such Change in Control, the Participant s RSU Account shall immediately be credited with a number of Accrued RSUs equal to the Target Number in respect of each Open Fiscal Year as of the date of the Change in Control and thereafter the Participant shall not be entitled to have any additional Accrued RSUs credited to the Participant s RSU Account in respect of the Award Term or under this Agreement. 
 
 (f) Subject to Section 3 of this Agreement and Section 13(b) of the Plan, as soon as reasonably practicable following the applicable settlement date, but in no event later than the fifteenth day of the third month following the end of the Fiscal Year in which the applicable settlement date occurs, the Company shall deliver to the Participant one share of Common Stock for each Accrued RSU in the Participant s RSU Account (with any fractional shares of Common Stock being rounded to the nearest whole share of Common Stock), to the extent not otherwise forfeited or cancelled pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (provided, that, if the Award is considered nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), delivery of such Common Stock shall be within the calendar year in which the applicable settlement date occurs). For purposes of this Section 6(f), the applicable settlement date shall be the Final Date, provided, however, if the Participant incurs a Termination of Service during a Change in Control Period, the applicable Settlement Date shall be date of the Participant s Termination of Service. 
 
 7. Termination of Service for Cause . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, upon the Participant s Termination of Service by the Company for Cause, the entire Award, including any Accrued RSUs in the Participant s RSU Account, shall be immediately forfeited by the Participant and cancelled, without the payment of consideration. 
 11 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.37>
 3
 aciq4-22ex1037.htm
 EX-10.37

Document 

Exhibit 10.37 
 ALBERTSONS COMPANIES, INC. 
 
 2020 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to the Albertsons Companies, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants to the Participant named below an Award of Restricted Stock Units. Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ), which includes the Notice of Grant (the Notice of Grant and the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A , shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 NOTICE OF GRANT 
 
 Participant 
 #Participant Name# Grant Date 
 #Grant Date# Award 
 #Number of Awards Granted# Restricted Stock Units Vesting Schedule 
 The Participant shall become vested in the Award in three equal installments on the last day of each of the next three (3) fiscal years of the Company (excluding fiscal years of less than 12 months) (each, a Fiscal Year ), as follows (a) one-third (1 3) on the last day of the Company s 2023 Fiscal Year (b) one-third (1 3) on the last day of the Company s 2024 Fiscal Year and (c) one-third (1 3) on the last day of the Company s 2025 Fiscal Year 

The Participant and the Company agree that this Award of Restricted Stock Units is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A, all of which are incorporated into this Agreement. 
 
 ALBERTSONS COMPANIES, INC. PARTICIPANT By Name Juliette Pryor Title Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary Name 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 
 
 1. Grant . The Company hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant (the Participant an Award of Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Notice of Grant, subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 2. Defi nitions. 
 
 Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
 
 Change in Control Period means the 24-month period following a Change in Control. 
 
 Competitive Activity means the Participant s engagement, directly or indirectly, as principal, agent, independent contractor, consultant, director, officer, employee, employer, advisor, stockholder, partner, member or in any other individual or representative capacity whatsoever, whether paid or unpaid, either for the Participant s own benefit or the benefit of any other person or entity, other than on behalf of the Company, to organize, establish, own, operate, manage, control, engage in, participate in, invest in, permit the Participant s name to be used by, act as a consultant or advisor to, render services for (alone or in association with any person, firm, corporation or business organization), or otherwise assist any person or entity that engages in or owns, invests in, operates, manages or controls any venture or enterprise which engages or proposes to engage in (a) the business conducted by the Company or any of its subsidiaries on the date of the Participant s Termination of Service in the geographic locations where the Company or any of its subsidiaries engage in such business or (b) any business which, to the Participant s knowledge, the Company or any of its subsidiaries propose to engage in within the twelve (12) month period following the date of the Participant s Termination of Service in the geographic locations where the Company or any of its subsidiaries propose to engage in such business. 
 
 Data shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(q). 
 
 Disability shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
 
 Early Retirement means, prior to the Participant s attainment of age 62, the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, other than for Cause, death or Disability, on or after the Participant s (i) attainment of age 55 and (ii) completion of 10 years of continuous service with the Company or any of its subsidiaries. A Participant s years of service shall be determined by the Committee in accordance with predetermined, nondiscretionary rules established by the Company. 
 
 Good Reason has the meaning set forth in the Participant s written employment agreement with the Company, if any. If the participant does not have a written employment agreement with the Company that defines such term, then this definition, and the corresponding parenthetical set forth in Section 5(d)(iii), is inapplicable to the Participant. 

Normal Retirement means the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, other than for Cause, death or Disability, on or after the Participant s attainment of age 62, and forbearance from engaging in any work or activity that would constitute Competitive Activity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary place of employment or services as of the Participant s Termination of Service is California, North Dakota, Oklahoma or any state that prohibits the enforcement of post-employment non-competition agreements, the Participant s engaging in any work or activity that would constitute Competitive Activity after the Participant s Termination of Service shall not cause the Participant to fail to qualify for Normal Retirement. 
 
 3. Vesting . Except as otherwise set forth in Section 5, the Award shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant. 
 
 4. Dividend Equivalent Rights . If the Company declares a cash dividend on the shares of Common Stock, the Participant shall be credited with an additional number of Restricted Stock Units equal to (i) the product of (A) the number of Restricted Stock Units subject to this Award (including additional Restricted Stock Units previously credited in accordance with this Section 4) that have not been settled as of the dividend payment date, and (B) the amount of the cash dividend paid per share of Common Stock divided by (ii) the Fair Market Value (which shall be equal to the closing price) of a share of Common Stock on the dividend payment date. Each additional Restricted Stock Unit credited pursuant to this Section 4 shall be subject to the same vesting and settlement and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the underlying Restricted Stock Unit to which such additional Restricted Stock Unit relates. 
 
 5. Termination of Service. 
 
 (a) Unvested Restricted Stock Units . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5, upon the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, any portion of the Award in which the Participant has not yet become vested shall be immediately forfeited by the Participant and cancelled, without the payment of consideration. 
 
 (b) Death or D isability. Upon the Participant s Termination of Service due to the Participant s death or Disability at any time, the Participant shall become immediately vested in any portion of the Award in which the Participant has not yet become vested, to the extent not previously forfeited or cancelled. 
 
 (c) Reti rement. 
 
 (i) If the Participant incurs a Termination of Service that qualifies as an Early Retirement, the Participant shall become immediately vested in a number of Restricted Stock Units equal to the product of (A) the number of Restricted Stock Units subject to the Award that would have otherwise vested at the end of the Fiscal Year in which the Participant s Early Retirement occurs and (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days elapsed in the period beginning on the first day of the Fiscal Year in which the Participant s Early Retirement occurs and ending on the date the Participant s Termination of Service occurs and the denominator of which is the number of days in the Fiscal Year in which the Participant s Early Retirement occurs. 1 

(ii) If the Participant incurs a Termination of Service that qualifies as a Normal Retirement, the Participant shall continue to vest in the Award in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant, with delivery of the shares of Common Stock in respect of such Restricted Stock Units to be made at the same time as if Participant had remained employed by the Company through the applicable vesting dates, provided that , in the event of the Participant s death following the Participant s Normal Retirement, the Participant shall become immediately vested in any portion of the Award in which the Participant has not yet become vested, to the extent not previously forfeited or cancelled. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5(c)(ii) to the contrary, if the Participant engages in work or other activity that causes the Participant to no longer qualify for Normal Retirement treatment (such as Competitive Activity) following the Participant s Termination of Service, (i) with respect to a Participant who is otherwise eligible for Early Retirement (i.e., age 62 or older with 10 years of service), they will be eligible for Early Retirement treatment, and (ii) otherwise, the Participant will no longer be qualified to receive and retain any portion of the Award that has not yet vested as of the date the Participant engages in activity that causes the Participant to no longer qualify for Normal Retirement. For the avoidance of any doubt, if a Participant engages in Competitive Activity prior to the end of the Fiscal Year in which they incur a Termination of Service that would qualify a Normal Retirement, any Restricted Stock Units that would vest in the Fiscal Year of the Termination of Service shall be treated as if the Participant was eligible for Early Retirement, but will be settled at the same time as if the Participant had remained employed by the Company through the applicable vesting date, and all other Restricted Stock Units that have not yet vested will be forfeited and cancelled. If a Participant engages in Competitive Activity after the Fiscal Year of the Termination of Service, all Restricted Stock Units that have not yet vested will be forfeited and cancelled. The Participant must immediately provide notice to the Company as set forth in Section 9(b) if the Participant engages in Competitive Activity. 
 
 (d) Change in Control . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if, during a Change in Control Period, the Participant incurs a Termination of Service (i) due to the Participant s death or Disability, (ii) that qualifies as an Early Retirement or Normal Retirement, or (iii) by the Company for any reason other than for Cause (including for the avoidance of doubt, a Participant s resignation for Good Reason to the extent the Participant has an employment agreement with the Company that defines Good Reason), the Participant shall become immediately vested in any portion of the Award in which the Participant has not yet become vested, to the extent not previously forfeited or cancelled. 
 
 (e) Termination of Service for Cause . Upon the Participant s Termination of Service by the Company for Cause, the entire Award, including all of the Restricted Stock Units subject to the Award, whether vested or unvested, shall be immediately forfeited by the Participant and cancelled, without the payment of consideration. 

1 To the extent the vesting dates are based on non-fiscal year-ends, the proration period will be aligned with the anniversary years of such vesting dates. 

6. Award Settlement . Subject to Section 7 of this Agreement, and subject to Section 13(b) of the Plan, upon the Participant becoming vested in any portion of the Award, the Company shall deliver to the Participant one share of Common Stock for each vested Restricted Stock Unit in accordance with this Agreement (with any fractional shares of Common Stock being rounded to the nearest whole share of Common Stock). Delivery of such shares of Common Stock shall be made as soon as reasonably practicable following the applicable date the Participant becomes vested in the Restricted Stock Units, but in no event later than the fifteenth day of the third month following the end of the Fiscal Year in which the Participant becomes vested in the Restricted Stock Units provided, that, if the Award is considered nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), delivery of such shares of Common Stock shall be within the calendar year in which the Participant becomes vested in the Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 7. Section 409A Compliance . To the extent the Award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), then (a) this Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the Restricted Stock Units subject to this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent and (b) if the Participant is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A of the Code at the time of the Participant s Termination of Service, then solely to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, no shares of Common Stock shall be delivered in respect of any Restricted Stock Units until the date that is six months following the date of the Participant s Termination of Service or, if earlier, the Participant s death. 
 
 8. Taxes . The Company shall have the power and the right to require the Participant to remit to the Company the amount necessary to satisfy federal, state, provincial and local taxes, domestic or foreign, required by law or regulation to be withheld, and to deduct or withhold shares of Common Stock (or, as applicable, the number of Restricted Stock Units in the Participant s Account) deliverable under the Award to satisfy such withholding obligation. Unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee, the Company shall withhold a number of shares of Common Stock (or, as applicable, the number of Restricted Stock Units in the Participant s Account) equal in value to the amount necessary to satisfy federal, state, provincial and local taxes, domestic or foreign, required by law or regulation to be withheld. The amount withheld shall be the amount necessary to satisfy the Participant s tax liability up to the maximum expected tax liability, provided that such withholding does not result in adverse tax or accounting consequences to the Company. 

9. Ge neral. 
 
 (a) Amendments . No amendment, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall materially and adversely affect the rights of the Participant under this Agreement without the consent of the Participant. 
 
 (b) Notices . Any notice or other communication required or which may be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (i) on the date of transmission, if delivered by facsimile or electronic mail, (ii) on the date of delivery, if delivered by hand, (iii) on the first (1 st business day following the date of mailing, if sent by a nationally 

recognized overnight express mail service, or (iv) on the fourth (4 th business day after the date of mailing, if sent by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, as follows 
 
 (i) If to the Company, to 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. 
 250 Parkcenter Blvd. 
 Boise, ID 83706 
 Attention Executive Vice President, Chief Human 
 Resources Officer 
 
 With a copy to General Counsel 

(ii) If to the Participant, to the address listed in the personnel records of the Company 
 
 (c) Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors and permitted assigns. The Participant may not assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 
 (d) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 (e) Descriptive Headings, Etc. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning of terms contained herein. Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires (i) words of any gender shall be deemed to include each other gender (ii) words using the singular or plural number shall also include the plural or singular number, respectively (iii) the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section and paragraph references are to the Sections and paragraphs of this Agreement unless otherwise specified (iv) the word including and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall mean including, without limitation, unless otherwise specified (v) or is not exclusive and (vi) provisions apply to successive events and transactions. 
 
 (f) Severability . If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable by any court of law in any jurisdiction, the remaining provisions hereof and thereof shall be severable and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and all provisions shall remain enforceable in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 (g) Choice of Law and Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws, and to applicable federal laws. The parties agree that any legal claim arising from or related to this Agreement that may be pursued in a court of law shall be pursued exclusively in a court of competent subject matter jurisdiction located Idaho, and the 

parties consent to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Idaho and waive all objections to same (based on convenience, cost, location of witnesses or evidence, or otherwise) provided, however, that if for any reason personal jurisdiction cannot be maintained over a party in accordance with the forgoing choice of venue clause then it shall not apply. 
 
 (h) Waiver of Jury Trial . THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION IN ANY COURT WITH RESPECT TO, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF. THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE THAT THIS SECTION IS A SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL ASPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT AND WOULD NOT ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT IF THIS SECTION WERE NOT PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
 
 (i) Entire Agreement . This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings relating to such subject matter, other than those set forth or referred to herein. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter. 
 
 (j) Further Assurances . Each party hereto shall do and perform or cause to be done and performed all such further acts and things and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as any other party hereto reasonably may request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 (k) Construction . The Company and the Participant acknowledge that each of them has had the benefit of legal counsel of its own choice and has been afforded an opportunity to review this Agreement with its legal counsel and that this Agreement shall be construed as if jointly drafted by the Company and the Participant. 
 
 (l) Unfunded Status of Award . Except upon the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, any rights of the Participant under the Plan and this Agreement shall be those of a general unsecured creditor of the Company, and neither the Participant nor the Participant s permitted transferees or estate shall have any other interest in any assets of the Company or its subsidiaries by virtue of the Plan or this Agreement. 
 
 (m) Plan Governs . This Award is made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. 
 
 (n) No Employment Rights . Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the Service of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to terminate the employment or other service relationship of the Participant for any reason or no reason at any time. 

(o) No Rights as Stockholder . The Participant shall not have any rights as a stockholder with respect to the shares subject to this Award until shares of Common Stock are delivered to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 (p) Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion (i) deliver any documents related to the Award by electronic means or (ii) request the Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive all documentation applicable to the Award by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line (and or voice activated) system established and maintained by the Company or a third party vendor designated by the Company. If the Participant does not accept this Award in the manner designated by the Company not later than 90 days after the Grant Date above (or within 90 days of the electronic notification of such Grant, whichever occurs later) this Award may be rendered void and without effect. 
 
 (q) Data Privacy . The Participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal Data (defined below) as described in this subsection. The Company and its affiliates hold certain personal information about the Participant, including the Participant s name, home address, personal telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, information regarding Shares held or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Data ). The Company and its affiliates may transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of the Participant s participation in the Plan, and the Company and its affiliates may each further transfer Data to any third parties assisting the Company or any such related entity in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. The Participant acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such Data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of Shares on the Participant s behalf to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan (whether pursuant to the Award or otherwise). 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-10.38>
 4
 aciq4-22ex1038.htm
 EX-10.38

Document 

Exhibit 10.38 
 ALBERTSONS COMPANIES, INC. 2020 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to the Albertsons Companies, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants to the Participant named below an Award of Restricted Stock Units. Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ), which includes the Notice of Grant (the Notice of Grant and the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A , shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 NOTICE OF GRANT 
 
 Participant #Participant Name# 
 Grant Date #Grant Date# 2023 
 Award #Number of Awards Granted# Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Vesting Schedule The Participant shall become vested in the Award in three equal installments, as follows 
 
 #Grant Date# 2024 # 1 3 Number of Awards Granted# #Grant Date# 2025 # 1 3 Number of Awards Granted# #Grant Date# 2026 # 1 3 Number of Awards Granted# 

The Participant and the Company agree that this Award of Restricted Stock Units is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A, all of which are incorporated into this Agreement. 

ALBERTSONS COMPANIES, INC. PARTICIPANT By Name Juliette Pryor Title Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary Name 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 
 
 1. Grant . The Company hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant (the Participant an Award of Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Notice of Grant, subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 2. Definit ions. 
 
 Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
 
 Change in Control Period means the 24-month period following a Change in 
 Control. 
 
 Competitive Activity means the Participant s engagement, directly or indirectly, 
 as principal, agent, independent contractor, consultant, director, officer, employee, employer, advisor, stockholder, partner, member or in any other individual or representative capacity whatsoever, whether paid or unpaid, either for the Participant s own benefit or the benefit of any other person or entity, other than on behalf of the Company, to organize, establish, own, operate, manage, control, engage in, participate in, invest in, permit the Participant s name to be used by, act as a consultant or advisor to, render services for (alone or in association with any person, firm, corporation or business organization), or otherwise assist any person or entity that engages in or owns, invests in, operates, manages or controls any venture or enterprise which engages or proposes to engage in (a) the business conducted by the Company or any of its subsidiaries on the date of the Participant s Termination of Service in the geographic locations where the Company or any of its subsidiaries engage in such business or (b) any business which, to the Participant s knowledge, the Company or any of its subsidiaries propose to engage in within the twelve (12) month period following the date of the Participant s Termination of Service in the geographic locations where the Company or any of its subsidiaries propose to engage in such business. 
 
 Data shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(q). 
 
 Disability shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
 
 Early Retirement means, prior to the Participant s attainment of age 62, the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, other than for Cause, death or Disability, on or after the Participant s (i) attainment of age 55 and (ii) completion of 10 years of continuous service with the Company or any of its subsidiaries. A Participant s years of service shall be determined by the Committee in accordance with predetermined, nondiscretionary rules established by the Company. 
 
 Good Reason has the meaning set forth in the Participant s written employment agreement with the Company, if any. If the participant does not have a written employment agreement with the Company that defines such term, then this definition, and the corresponding parenthetical set forth in Section 5(d)(iii), is inapplicable to the Participant. 
 2 

Normal Retirement means the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, other than for Cause, death or Disability, on or after the Participant s attainment of age 62, and forbearance from engaging in any work or activity that would constitute Competitive Activity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s primary place of employment or services as of the Participant s Termination of Service is California, North Dakota, Oklahoma or any state that prohibits the enforcement of post-employment non-competition agreements, the Participant s engaging in any work or activity that would constitute Competitive Activity after the Participant s Termination of Service shall not cause the Participant to fail to qualify for Normal Retirement. 
 
 3. Vesting . Except as otherwise set forth in Section 5, the Award shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant. 
 
 4. Dividend Equivalent Rights . If the Company declares a cash dividend on the shares of Common Stock, the Participant shall be credited with an additional number of Restricted Stock Units equal to (i) the product of (A) the number of Restricted Stock Units subject to this Award (including additional Restricted Stock Units previously credited in accordance with this Section 4) that have not been settled as of the dividend payment date, and (B) the amount of the cash dividend paid per share of Common Stock divided by (ii) the Fair Market Value (which shall be equal to the closing price) of a share of Common Stock on the dividend payment date. Each additional Restricted Stock Unit credited pursuant to this Section 4 shall be subject to the same vesting and settlement and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the underlying Restricted Stock Unit to which such additional Restricted Stock Unit relates. 
 
 5. Termination of Service. 
 
 (a) Unvested Restricted Stock Units . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5, upon the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, any portion of the Award in which the Participant has not yet become vested shall be immediately forfeited by the Participant and cancelled, without the payment of consideration. 
 
 (b) Death or Disability . Upon the Participant s Termination of Service due to the Participant s death or Disability at any time, the Participant shall become immediately vested in any portion of the Award in which the Participant has not yet become vested, to the extent not previously forfeited or cancelled. 
 
 (c) Retirement. 
 
 (i) If the Participant incurs a Termination of Service that qualifies as an Early Retirement, the Participant shall become immediately vested in a number of Restricted Stock Units equal to the product of (A) the number of Restricted Stock Units subject to the Award that would have otherwise vested at the end of the Fiscal Year in which the Participant s Early Retirement occurs and (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days elapsed in the period beginning on the first day of the Fiscal Year in which the Participant s Early Retirement occurs and ending on the date the Participant s Termination of Service occurs and the 
 
 3 

denominator of which is the number of days in the Fiscal Year in which the Participant s Early Retirement occurs. 1 
 
 (ii) If the Participant incurs a Termination of Service that qualifies as a Normal Retirement, the Participant shall continue to vest in the Award in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant, with delivery of the shares of Common Stock in respect of such Restricted Stock Units to be made at the same time as if Participant had remained employed by the Company through the applicable vesting dates, provided that , in the event of the Participant s death following the Participant s Normal Retirement, the Participant shall become immediately vested in any portion of the Award in which the Participant has not yet become vested, to the extent not previously forfeited or cancelled. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5(c)(ii) to the contrary, if the Participant engages in work or other activity that causes the Participant to no longer qualify for Normal Retirement treatment (such as Competitive Activity) following the Participant s Termination of Service, (i) with respect to a Participant who is otherwise eligible for Early Retirement (i.e., age 62 or older with 10 years of service), they will be eligible for Early Retirement treatment, and (ii) otherwise, the Participant will no longer be qualified to receive and retain any portion of the Award that has not yet vested as of the date the Participant engages in activity that causes the Participant to no longer qualify for Normal Retirement. For the avoidance of any doubt, if a Participant engages in Competitive Activity prior to the end of the Fiscal Year in which they incur a Termination of Service that would qualify a Normal Retirement, any Restricted Stock Units that would vest in the Fiscal Year of the Termination of Service shall be treated as if the Participant was eligible for Early Retirement, but will be settled at the same time as if the Participant had remained employed by the Company through the applicable vesting date, and all other Restricted Stock Units that have not yet vested will be forfeited and cancelled. If a Participant engages in Competitive Activity after the Fiscal Year of the Termination of Service, all Restricted Stock Units that have not yet vested will be forfeited and cancelled. The Participant must immediately provide notice to the Company as set forth in Section 9(b) if the Participant engages in Competitive Activity. 
 
 (d) Change in Control . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if, during a Change in Control Period, the Participant incurs a Termination of Service (i) due to the Participant s death or Disability, (ii) that qualifies as an Early Retirement or Normal Retirement, or (iii) by the Company for any reason other than for Cause (including for the avoidance of doubt, a Participant s resignation for Good Reason to the extent the Participant has an employment agreement with the Company that defines Good Reason), the Participant shall become immediately vested in any portion of the Award in which the Participant has not yet become vested, to the extent not previously forfeited or cancelled. 
 
 (e) Termination of Service for Cause . Upon the Participant s Termination of Service by the Company for Cause, the entire Award, including all of the Restricted Stock Units subject to the Award, whether vested or unvested, shall be immediately forfeited by the Participant and cancelled, without the payment of consideration. 

1 To the extent the vesting dates are based on non-fiscal year-ends, the proration period will be aligned with the anniversary years of such vesting dates. 
 4 

6. Award Settlement . Subject to Section 7 of this Agreement, and subject to Section 13(b) of the Plan, upon the Participant becoming vested in any portion of the Award, the Company shall deliver to the Participant one share of Common Stock for each vested Restricted Stock Unit in accordance with this Agreement (with any fractional shares of Common Stock being rounded to the nearest whole share of Common Stock). Delivery of such shares of Common Stock shall be made as soon as reasonably practicable following the applicable date the Participant becomes vested in the Restricted Stock Units, but in no event later than the fifteenth day of the third month following the end of the Fiscal Year in which the Participant becomes vested in the Restricted Stock Units provided, that, if the Award is considered nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), delivery of such shares of Common Stock shall be within the calendar year in which the Participant becomes vested in the Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 7. Section 409A Compliance . To the extent the Award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), then (a) this Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the Restricted Stock Units subject to this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent and (b) if the Participant is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A of the Code at the time of the Participant s Termination of Service, then solely to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, no shares of Common Stock shall be delivered in respect of any Restricted Stock Units until the date that is six months following the date of the Participant s Termination of Service or, if earlier, the Participant s death. 
 
 8. Taxes . The Company shall have the power and the right to require the Participant to remit to the Company the amount necessary to satisfy federal, state, provincial and local taxes, domestic or foreign, required by law or regulation to be withheld, and to deduct or withhold shares of Common Stock (or, as applicable, the number of Restricted Stock Units in the Participant s Account) deliverable under the Award to satisfy such withholding obligation. Unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee, the Company shall withhold a number of shares of Common Stock (or, as applicable, the number of Restricted Stock Units in the Participant s Account) equal in value to the amount necessary to satisfy federal, state, provincial and local taxes, domestic or foreign, required by law or regulation to be withheld. The amount withheld shall be the amount necessary to satisfy the Participant s tax liability up to the maximum expected tax liability, provided that such withholding does not result in adverse tax or accounting consequences to the Company. 
 
 9. General. 
 
 (a) Amendments . No amendment, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall materially and adversely affect the rights of the Participant under this Agreement without the consent of the Participant. 
 
 (b) Notices . Any notice or other communication required or which may be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (i) on the date of transmission, if delivered by facsimile or electronic mail, (ii) on the date of delivery, if delivered by hand, (iii) on the first (1 st business day following the date of mailing, if sent by a nationally recognized overnight express mail service, or (iv) on the fourth (4 th business day after the date 
 5 

of mailing, if sent by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, as follows 
 
 (i) If to the Company, to 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. 
 250 Parkcenter Blvd. 
 Boise, ID 83706 
 Attention Executive Vice President & Chief 
 Human Resources Officer 
 Telephone (208) 395-5785 
 With a copy to General Counsel 
 
 (ii) If to the Participant, to the address listed in the personnel 
 records of the Company. 
 
 (c) Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors and permitted assigns. The Participant may not assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 
 (d) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 (e) Descriptive Headings, Etc. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning of terms contained herein. Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires (i) words of any gender shall be deemed to include each other gender (ii) words using the singular or plural number shall also include the plural or singular number, respectively (iii) the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section and paragraph references are to the Sections and paragraphs of this Agreement unless otherwise specified (iv) the word including and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall mean including, without limitation, unless otherwise specified (v) or is not exclusive and (vi) provisions apply to successive events and transactions. 
 
 (f) Severability . If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable by any court of law in any jurisdiction, the remaining provisions hereof and thereof shall be severable and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and all provisions shall remain enforceable in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 (g) Choice of Law and Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws, and to applicable federal laws. The parties agree that any legal claim arising from or related to this Agreement that may be pursued in a court of law shall be pursued exclusively in a court of competent subject matter jurisdiction located Idaho, and the parties consent to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Idaho and waive all objections to same (based on convenience, cost, location of witnesses or evidence, or otherwise) provided, 
 6 

however, that if for any reason personal jurisdiction cannot be maintained over a party in accordance with the forgoing choice of venue clause then it shall not apply. 
 
 (h) Waiver of Jury Trial . THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION IN ANY COURT WITH RESPECT TO, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF. THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE THAT THIS SECTION IS A SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL ASPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT AND WOULD NOT ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT IF THIS SECTION WERE NOT PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
 
 (i) Entire Agreement . This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings relating to such subject matter, other than those set forth or referred to herein. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter. 
 
 (j) Further Assurances . Each party hereto shall do and perform or cause to be done and performed all such further acts and things and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as any other party hereto reasonably may request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 (k) Construction . The Company and the Participant acknowledge that each of them has had the benefit of legal counsel of its own choice and has been afforded an opportunity to review this Agreement with its legal counsel and that this Agreement shall be construed as if jointly drafted by the Company and the Participant. 
 
 (l) Unfunded Status of Award . Except upon the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, any rights of the Participant under the Plan and this Agreement shall be those of a general unsecured creditor of the Company, and neither the Participant nor the Participant s permitted transferees or estate shall have any other interest in any assets of the Company or its subsidiaries by virtue of the Plan or this Agreement. 
 
 (m) Plan Governs . This Award is made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. 
 
 (n) No Employment Rights . Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the Service of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to terminate the employment or other service relationship of the Participant for any reason or no reason at any time. 
 
 7 

(o) No Rights as Stockholder . The Participant shall not have any rights as a stockholder with respect to the shares subject to this Award until shares of Common Stock are delivered to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 (p) Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion (i) deliver any documents related to the Award by electronic means or (ii) request the Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive all documentation applicable to the Award by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line (and or voice activated) system established and maintained by the Company or a third party vendor designated by the Company. 
 
 (q) Data Privacy . The Participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal Data (defined below) as described in this subsection. The Company and its affiliates hold certain personal information about the Participant, including the Participant s name, home address, personal telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, information regarding Shares held or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Data ). The Company and its affiliates may transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of the Participant s participation in the Plan, and the Company and its affiliates may each further transfer Data to any third parties assisting the Company or any such related entity in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. The Participant acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such Data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of Shares on the Participant s behalf to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan (whether pursuant to the Award or otherwise). 

8 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-10.39>
 5
 aciq4-22ex1039.htm
 EX-10.39

Document 

Exhibit 10.39 
 
 ALBERTSONS COMPANIES, INC. 
 2020 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to the Albertsons Companies, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants to the Participant named below an Award of Restricted Stock Units. Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ), which includes the Notice of Grant (the Notice of Grant and the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A , shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 NOTICE OF GRANT 
 
 Participant #Participant Name# 
 Grant Date #Grant Date# 
 Award #Number of Awards Granted# Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Vesting Schedule The Participant shall become one-hundred percent (100 vested in the Award on the last day of the Company s 2023 fiscal year. 
 
 The Participant and the Company agree that this Award of Restricted Stock Units is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A, all of which are incorporated into this Agreement. 

ALBERTSONS COMPANIES, INC. PARTICIPANT By Name Juliette Pryor Title Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary Name 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 
 
 1. Grant . The Company hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice 
 of Grant (the Participant an Award of Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Notice of Grant, subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 2. Vesting . Subject to Section 4 of this Agreement, the Award shall vest in 
 accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant. 
 
 3. Dividend Equivalent Rights . If the Company declares a cash dividend on 
 the shares of Common Stock, the Participant shall be credited with an additional number of Restricted Stock Units equal to (i) the product of (A) the number of Restricted Stock Units subject to this Award (including additional Restricted Stock Units previously credited in accordance with this Section 3) that have not been settled as of the dividend payment date, and (B) the amount of the cash dividend paid per share of Common Stock divided by (ii) the Fair Market Value (which shall be equal to the closing price) of a share of Common Stock on the dividend payment date. Each additional Restricted Stock Unit credited pursuant to this Section 3 shall be subject to the same vesting and settlement and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the underlying Restricted Stock Unit to which such additional Restricted Stock Unit relates. 
 
 4. Termination of Service . 
 
 (a) Unvested Restricted Stock Units . Except as provided in Section 4(b), upon the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, any portion of the Award in which the Participant has not yet become vested shall be immediately forfeited by the Participant and cancelled, without the payment of consideration. 
 
 (b) Accelerated Vesting of Restricted Stock Units upon Termination of Service Following a Change in Control . Upon the Participant s involuntary Termination of Service by the Company for any reason other than for Cause or Disability during the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change in Control, the Participant shall become fully vested in any portion of the Award in which the Participant has not yet become vested, to the extent not previously forfeited or cancelled. 
 
 (c) Termination of Service for Cause . Upon the Participant s Termination of Service by the Company for Cause, the entire Award, including all of the Restricted Stock Units subject to the Award, whether vested or unvested, shall be immediately forfeited by the Participant and cancelled, without the payment of consideration. 
 
 5. Award Settlement . As reasonably practicable following the applicable date the Participant becomes vested in the Restricted Stock Units or, if Section 4(b) applies, the date of 

the Participant s Termination of Service, but in no event later than the fifteenth (15 th day of the third month following the end of the calendar year in which the Participant becomes vested in the Restricted Stock Units, the Company shall deliver to the Participant one share of Common Stock for each vested Restricted Stock Unit in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 6. Taxes . The Company shall have the power and the right to require the Participant to remit to the Company the amount necessary to satisfy federal, state, provincial and local taxes, domestic or foreign, required by law or regulation to be withheld, and to deduct or withhold from any shares of Common Stock deliverable under the Award to satisfy such withholding obligation. 
 7. General . 
 
 (a) Amendments . No amendment, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall materially and adversely affect the rights of the Participant under this Agreement without the consent of the Participant. 
 
 (b) Notices . All notices and other communications provided for or permitted hereunder to any party shall be deemed to be sufficient if contained in a written instrument and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered in person, by facsimile, by nationally-recognized overnight courier, or by first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such party at the address set forth below or such other address as may hereafter be designated in writing by the addressee as follows 
 (i) If to the Company, to 
 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. 
 250 Parkcenter Blvd. 
 Boise, ID 83706 
 Attention Executive Vice President, Chief Human 
 Resources Officer 
 With a copy to General Counsel 
 
 (ii) If to the Participant, to the address listed in the personnel records of the Company. 
 All such notices, requests, consents and other communications shall be deemed to have been delivered (i) in the case of personal delivery or delivery by confirmed facsimile, on the date of such delivery, (ii) in the case of nationally-recognized overnight courier, on the next business day and (iii) in the case of mailing, on the third business day following such mailing if sent by certified mail, return receipt requested. 
 
 (c) Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors and permitted assigns. The Participant may not assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company. 

(d) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 (e) Descriptive Headings, Etc. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning of terms contained herein. Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires (i) words of any gender shall be deemed to include each other gender (ii) words using the singular or plural number shall also include the plural or singular number, respectively (iii) the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section and paragraph references are to the Sections and paragraphs of this Agreement unless otherwise specified (iv) the word including and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall mean including, without limitation, unless otherwise specified (v) or is not exclusive and (vi) provisions apply to successive events and transactions. 
 
 (f) Severability . If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable by any court of law in any jurisdiction, the remaining provisions hereof and thereof shall be severable and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and all provisions shall remain enforceable in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 (g) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws, and to applicable federal laws. 
 
 (h) Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION IN ANY COURT WITH RESPECT TO, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF. THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE THAT THIS SECTION IS A SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL ASPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT AND WOULD NOT ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT IF THIS SECTION WERE NOT PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
 (i) Entire Agreement. This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings relating to such subject matter, other than those set forth or referred to herein. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter. 
 
 (j) Further Assurances. Each party hereto shall do and perform or cause to be done and performed all such further acts and things and shall execute and deliver all such other 

agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as any other party hereto reasonably may request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 (k) Construction. The Company and the Participant acknowledge that each of them has had the benefit of legal counsel of its own choice and has been afforded an opportunity to review this Agreement with its legal counsel and that this Agreement shall be construed as if jointly drafted by the Company and the Participant. 
 
 (l) Unfunded Status of Award. Except upon the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, any rights of the Participant under the Plan and this Agreement shall be those of a general unsecured creditor of the Company, and neither the Participant nor the Participant s permitted transferees or estate shall have any other interest in any assets of the Company or its subsidiaries by virtue of the Plan or this Agreement. 
 
 (m) Plan Governs. This Award is made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. 
 
 (n) No Continued Service. Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the Service of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to terminate the service relationship of the Participant for any reason or no reason at any time. 
 
 (o) No Rights as Stockholder. The Participant shall not have any rights as a stockholder with respect to the shares subject to this Award until shares of Common Stock are delivered to the Participant pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement. 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-10.40>
 6
 aciq4-22ex1040.htm
 EX-10.40

Document 

Exhibit 10.40 
 
 ALBERTSONS COMPANIES, INC. 
 
 2020 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO 
 2022 PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED 
 STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 This Amendment No. 1 (the Amendment is made to each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement granting Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units that was granted by Albertsons Companies, Inc. (the Company pursuant to its 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan on and after February 28, 2022 (each a 2022 PBRSU Award ). 
 
 Effective February 22, 2023, each such 2022 PBRSU Award is amended as follows 
 
 Appendix, Section 2(a), EPS Accrual Percentage , is amended to add the table and language below directly following the existing table in that section 
 
 The EPS Accrual Percentage for Fiscal Years 2023 and 2024 shall be determined as indicated in the table below by comparing the Company s EPS for each such Fiscal Year to the EPS Goal for the each such Fiscal Year (expressed as a percentage) 
 
 Attainment of EPS Goal (EPS EPS Goal) EPS Accrual Percentage Less than 70 0 70 50 100 100 Greater than or equal to 120 160 

Signature page follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date set forth below. 
 ALBERTSONS COMPANIES, INC. ALBERTSONS COMPANIES, INC. By Name Michael Theilmann 

Signature Page to 2022 PBRSU Award Amendment 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 aciq4-22ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 ALBERTSONS COMPANIES, INC. 

SCHEDULE OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 The following is a list of all the Company s subsidiaries, excluding thirty-five (35) companies, which are not listed because they (i) are not actively conducting business (ii) are maintained solely for the purpose of holding licenses (iii) hold no assets or (iv) are less than majority owned. 
 
 AB Management Services Corp. (DE) 
 Ink Holdings, LLC (DE) 
 Albertsons Safeway LLC and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 Albertson's LLC and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 ABS Real Estate Holdings LLC and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 ABS Mezzanine III LLC and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 ABS CA-GL LLC (DE) 
 ABS CA-O DC1 LLC (DE) 
 ABS CA-O DC2 LLC (DE) 
 ABS CA-O LLC (DE) 
 ABS ID-GL LLC (DE) 
 ABS ID-O DC LLC (DE) 
 ABS ID-O LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Warm Springs Development, LLC and its subsidiary (ID) 
 Warm Springs & 10 th LLC (ID) 
 ABS MT-GL LLC (DE) 
 ABS MT-O LLC (DE) 
 ABS NV-GL LLC (DE) 
 ABS NV-O LLC (DE) 
 ABS OR-GL LLC (DE) 
 ABS OR-O DC LLC (DE) 
 ABS OR-O LLC (DE) 
 ABS Surplus-O LLC (DE) 
 ABS UT-GL LLC (DE) 
 ABS UT-O DC LLC (DE) 
 ABS UT-O LLC (DE) 
 ABS WA-GL LLC (DE) 
 ABS WA-O LLC (DE) 
 ABS WY-GL LLC (DE) 
 ABS WY-O LLC (DE) 
 ABS Real Estate Company LLC (DE) 
 ABS Real Estate Investor Holdings LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 ABS Mezzanine I LLC and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 ABS DFW Investor LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 ABS DFW Lease Investor LLC (DE) 
 ABS FLA Investor LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 ABS FLA Lease Investor LLC (DE) 
 ABS Realty Investor LLC (DE) 
 ABS RM Investor LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 ABS RM Lease Investor LLC (DE) 
 ABS SW Investor LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 ABS SW Lease Investor LLC (DE) 
 1 

SCHEDULE OF SUBSIDIARIES, Continued 

ABS TX Investor GP LLC (DE) 
 ABS TX Investor LP and its subsidiaries (TX) 
 ABS TX Lease Investor GP LLC (DE) 
 ABS TX Lease Investor LP (TX) 
 ASP SW Investor LLC (DE) 
 ASR TX Investor GP LLC (DE) 
 ASR TX Investor LP and its subsidiary (TX) 
 ASR Lease Investor LLC (DE) 
 ABS Real Estate Owner Holdings LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 ABS Mezzanine II LLC and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 ABS DFW Owner LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 ABS DFW Lease Owner LLC (DE) 
 ABS FLA Owner LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 ABS FLA Lease Owner LLC (DE) 
 ABS RM Owner LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 ABS RM Lease Owner LLC (DE) 
 ABS SW Owner LLC and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 ABS NoCal Lease Owner LLC (DE) 
 ABS SW Lease Owner LLC (DE) 
 ASP NoCal Lease Owner LLC (DE) 
 Lucky (Del) Lease Owner LLC (DE) 
 ABS TX Owner GP LLC (DE) 
 ABS TX Owner LP and its subsidiaries (TX) 
 ABS TX Lease Owner GP LLC (DE) 
 ABS TX Lease Owner LP (TX) 
 ASP SW Owner LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 ASP SW Lease Owner LLC (DE) 
 ASR Owner LLC and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 ASR TX Lease Owner GP LLC (DE) 
 ASR TX Lease Owner LP (TX) 
 EXT Owner LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 EXT Lease Owner LLC (DE) 
 NHI TX Owner GP LLC (DE) 
 NHI TX Owner LP and its subsidiaries (TX) 
 NHI TX Lease Owner GP LLC (DE) 
 NHI TX Lease Owner LP (TX) 
 Albertson's Liquors, Inc. (WY) 
 Albertson s Stores Sub Holdings LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 AB Acquisition LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Albertson s Stores Sub LLC (DE) 
 American Food and Drug LLC and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 American Stores Properties LLC (DE) 
 Jewel Osco Southwest LLC (IL) 
 Sunrich Mercantile LLC (CA) 
 American Stores Realty Company, LLC (DE) 
 Fresh Holdings LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Extreme LLC and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 Newco Investments, LLC (DE) 
 NHI Investment Partners, LP (DE) 
 Good Spirits LLC (TX) 
 Malin Acquisitions, LLC (DE) 
 Spirit Acquisition Holdings LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 United Supermarkets, L.L.C. and its subsidiaries (TX) 
 LLano Logistics, Inc. (DE) 
 2 

SCHEDULE OF SUBSIDIARIES, Continued 

USM Manufacturing L.L.C. (TX) 
 Safeway Inc. and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 Association of Unit Owners Safeway Beretania (HI) 
 Better Living Brands LLC (DE) 
 Casa Ley Services, Inc. (DE) 
 Cayam Energy, LLC (DE) 
 DineInFresh, LLC (DE) 
 Divario Ventures LLC (DE) 
 Dominick s Supermarkets, LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Dominick s Finer Foods, LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Dominick s Finer Foods, Inc. of Illinois (IL) 
 Eureka Land Management LLC and its subsidiary (WA) 
 Eureka Development LLC (WA) 
 GFM Holdings I, Inc. and its subsidiary (DE) 
 GFM Holdings LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Genuardi s Family Markets LP (DE) 
 JA Procurement LLC (DE) 
 Lehua Insurance Company, Inc. (HI) 
 Lucerne Foods, Inc. and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 Eating Right LLC (DE) 
 Lucerne Dairy Products LLC (DE) 
 Lucerne North America LLC (DE) 
 O Organics LLC (DE) 
 Milford Insurance Brokerage Services, Inc. (DE) 
 NAI Holdings GP LLC (DE) 
 New Albertsons L.P. and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 ABS Finance Co., Inc. (DE) 
 Albertsons Companies Specialty Care, LLC (DE) 
 American Stores Company, LLC and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 American Drug Stores LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 American Partners, L.P. (IN) 
 American Procurement and Logistics Company LLC and its subsidiary 
 (DE) 
 APLC Procurement, Inc. (UT) 
 ASC Media Services, Inc. and its subsidiary (UT) 
 U.S. Satellite Corporation (UT) 
 ASP Realty, LLC (DE) 
 Beryl American Corporation (VT) 
 Jewel Companies, Inc. and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 Acme Markets, Inc. and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Giant of Salisbury, Inc. (MD) 
 Jewel Food Stores, Inc. and its subsidiary (OH) 
 Jetco Properties, Inc. (DE) 
 Lucky Stores LLC (OH) 
 Scolari's Stores LLC (CA) 
 Medcart Specialty Care, LLC (DE) 
 NAI Saturn Eastern LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Collington Services LLC (DE) 
 SSM Holdings Company and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Shaw's Supermarkets, Inc. and its subsidiaries (MA) 
 28 Pond Street Realty, LLC (NH) 
 300 Main Street Realty, LLC (NH) 
 360 Chauncy Street Realty Trust (MA) 
 675 Randolph Realty Trust (MA) 
 3 

SCHEDULE OF SUBSIDIARIES, Continued 

693 Randolph Avenue LLC (MA) 
 739 Realty Trust (MA) 
 861 Edgell Road LLC (MA) 
 99 Water Street LLC (MA) 
 Adrian Realty Trust (MA) 
 Border Street Realty Trust (MA) 
 BP Realty, LLC (MA) 
 CH Project LLC (MA) 
 Clifford W. Perham, Inc. (ME) 
 Gorham Markets, LLC (NH) 
 Hayward Street Investment Trust and its subsidiary (MA) 
 DLS Realty Trust (MA) 
 Heath Street, LLC (MA) 
 HNHP Realty, LLC (NH) 
 K&J Realty Trust (MA) 
 Keene Realty Trust (NH) 
 LRT Realty Trust (MA) 
 Mashpee Realty LLC (MA) 
 Michael's Realty Trust and its subsidiary (MA) 
 EP Realty LLC (MA) 
 Milford Realty LLC (MA) 
 MK Investments LLC (MA) 
 PNHP Realty LLC (NH) 
 Shaw's Realty Co. and its subsidiary (ME) 
 Arles, LLC (NH) 
 Shaw's Realty Trust and its subsidiary (MA) 
 Galway Realty Trust (MA) 
 SNH Realty, LLC (MA) 
 SRA REALTY LLC (MA) 
 Star Markets Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiary (MA) 
 Star Markets Company, Inc. (MA) 
 WP Properties, LLC (RI) 
 Wildcat Acquisition Holdings LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Vons REIT, Inc. and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Wildcat Markets Opco LLC (DE) 
 Oakland Property Brokerage Inc. (DE) 
 Pak N Save, Inc. (CA) 
 Paradise Development LLC and its subsidiaries (WA) 
 Paradise Real Property LLC and its subsidiary (WA) 
 Boulder Investco LLC (DE) 
 Randall s Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 Randall s Finance Company, Inc. (DE) 
 Randall s Food Markets, Inc. and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Randall s Food & Drugs LP and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Randall s Management Company, Inc. and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Randall s Beverage Company, Inc. (TX) 
 Randall s Investments, Inc. (DE) 
 Retail Service Insights LLC (DE) 
 Safeway #0638 Exchange, LLC (OR) 
 Safeway Australia Holdings, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Canada Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Safeway New Canada, Inc. and its subsidiary (DE) 
 CSL IT Services ULC (formerly Canada Safeway Limited) and its 
 subsidiary (British Columbia) 
 4 

SCHEDULE OF SUBSIDIARIES, Continued 

Mealime Meal Plans ULC (British Columbia) 
 Safeway Corporate, Inc. and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 67, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 68, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 69, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 70, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Dallas, Inc. and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 Avia Partners, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 78, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 79, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 80, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 82, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 85, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 86, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 87, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 88, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 89, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 90, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 91, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 92, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 96, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 97, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 98, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Denver, Inc. and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 44, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 45, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 46, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 47, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 48, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 49, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 50, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Gift Cards, LLC (AZ) 
 Safeway Holdings I, LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 GroceryWorks.com, LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 GroceryWorks.com Operating Company, LLC (DE) 
 Safeway Leasing, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Philtech Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Safeway Philtech Inc. (Philippines) 
 Safeway Realty LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate Holding I Company LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate Holding II Company LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate Company LLC and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 101, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 102, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 103, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 104, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 105, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 106, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 107, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 108, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 109, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 110, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 111, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 112, LLC (DE) 
 5 

SCHEDULE OF SUBSIDIARIES, Continued 

ACI Real Estate SPE 113, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 114, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 115, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 116, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 117, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 118, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 119, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 120, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 121, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 122, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 123, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 124, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 125, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 126, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 127, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 128, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 129, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 130, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 131, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 132, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 133, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 134, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 135, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 136, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 137, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 138, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 139, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 140, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 141, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 142, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 143, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 144, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 145, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 146, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 147, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 148, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 149, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 150, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 151, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 152, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 153, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 154, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 155, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 156, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 157, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 158, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 159, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 160, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 161, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 164, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 165, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 166, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 167, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 168, LLC (DE) 
 6 

SCHEDULE OF SUBSIDIARIES, Continued 

ACI Real Estate SPE 169, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 170, LLC (DE) 
 ACI Real Estate SPE 171, LLC (DE) 
 Safeway Richmond, Inc. and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 58, Inc. and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Safelease, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Select Gift Source, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Southern California, Inc. and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 18, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 26, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 28, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 31, Inc. (DE) 
 The Vons Companies, Inc. and its subsidiary (MI) 
 Vons Sherman Oaks, LLC (OR) 
 Safeway Stores 42, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 43, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Supply, Inc. and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 Consolidated Procurement Services, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 71, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 72, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 73, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 74, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 75, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 76, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Stores 77, Inc. (DE) 
 Safeway Trucking, Inc. (DE) 
 Saturn Development I, Inc. (DE) 
 Saturn Development LLC (DE) 
 SRG, Inc. (DE) 
 SSI AK Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Carr-Gottstein Foods Co. and its subsidiaries (DE) 
 AOL Express, Inc. (AK) 
 APR Forwarders, Inc. (AK) 
 Stoneridge Holdings, LLC and its subsidiary (DE) 
 Safeway Health Inc. (DE) 
 Taylor Properties, Inc. (DE) 
 7 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 aciq4-22ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-239520 on Form S-8 of our reports dated April 25, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Albertsons Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 52 weeks ended February 25, 2023. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Boise, Idaho 
 April 25, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 aciq4-22ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant 
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Vivek Sankaran, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Albertsons Companies, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date April 25, 2023 s Vivek Sankaran Vivek Sankaran Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 aciq4-22ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant 
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Sharon McCollam, certify that 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Albertsons Companies, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date April 25, 2023 s Sharon McCollam Sharon McCollam President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 aciq4-22ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Albertsons Companies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended February 25, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date April 25, 2023 s Vivek Sankaran Vivek Sankaran Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 s Sharon McCollam Sharon McCollam President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 aci-20230225.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 aci-20230225_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 aci-20230225_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 aci-20230225_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 aci-20230225_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

